If we've gotten to the point that the race of the people stopped is somehow more important than the fact that this law is wildly against the 4th Amendment, we've already lost.

John, that's like saying we're stuck in a sewer, but thank god we're not stuck in a bad part of the sewer.  Minimizing the problem by comparing it to others is not rational.  The same logic has been used to validate torture and murder because "others have done worse".Our problem is our own - and not to be minimized by comparing it to the problems of others.

So many complaints about Bloomberg and his policies! Why did you vote him into office?

I'm against just about anything that Bloomberg is for. Just remember this Black Community, Bloomberg is a Democrat.

1 Vote from 1 Legal American with Legal ID. You have to show ID everywhere you go...Why not stop people from Voter Fraud and voting several times...

New York, trampling civil rights since 1664.....

Silly Americans... Rights are for illegal imagrants not Americans.

a violation of the 4th ammendment just turns the cops into criminals. its got nothing to do with race. just happens to be the demographics of high crime areas of the city.

"Advocates of stop and frisk, including Mayor Michael Bloomberg, say the police practices have helped to reduce crime"  But, the policy is a crime in itself and violates everyone's 4th Amendment rights!  A search without cause is wrong and unconstitutional!

Bloomberg stands firmly against the 2nd and 4th Amendments........................and anything else that grants an individual some sort of freedom.

For all the people screaming about their second amendment rights when it comes to guns, do you know want to defend the 4th amendment in this situation? Because it certainly applies.No arrests?  "90 percent of stop-and-frisk stops from 2004 through the first half of 2012 did not result in an arrest or summons"  Anytime a police officer stops you going about your business is an 'arrest.'  The word comes from the French word 'to stop.'  If China was stopping 600,000 people a year to frisk in Beijing, Bernard Vaughn and Reuters would not be calling it 'a crime fighting tactic.'  They would call it evidence of a Police State.  Civil Liberties in the US are being taken away one by one, and the media are cheerleaders for the growing Police State.

How many people were frisked manually or electronically when going into the court?

The 4th amendment for your review:The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.Stop and frisk is unconstitutional.

Go look up the case of Adrian Schoolcraft -- NYPD officer.   Hopefully those in NY will follow the case closely and lend support

Five years ago?  That is one long race card game.

What on earth happened to the fourth amendment?  This isn't about race, or shouldn't be.  This should be about an American citizen (of any color or race) being able to walk down the street without being frisked.

so anti gun laws that hurt the law abiding are OK but stop and frisk applied to the law abiding is not OK and considered an outrage even though both are constitutionally protected rights that are being violated

I've been frisked &amp; searched b/c the cop said I fit the description of a robbery suspect.  I didn't mind ... no harm and no foul.  The cop explained his actions and I had no problem.  Another time, a cop pulled me over and searched my car w/ no reasonable explanation.  He didn't give me a ticket, no apology, and just let me go while being a total jerk.  That wasn't right.  There's a right and wrong way to do things.  Use common sense.

Everyone keeps talking about, the police are going where the crime is, ans focus on the race aspect of this. But that is wrong. The problem is the QUOTA aspect.If the police were really stopping criminals, then 90% of their stops would not result in no arrests, and no summons. But since the officers are only stopping people for quota numbers, this is why they are WRONG 90% of the time. They are not using the reasonable suspicion standard. They are just stopping random people, with no cause, just to fill the quota numbers.

I would be curious how many illegal guns were found as well as drugs.. Does anyone have these numbers?This happened to me in Brooklyn as I was minding my own business walking down the street walking to the store.A white van pulled up and a bunch of cops got out and put me against a building wall and frisked me and then just left, no badges no nothing, I felt like I was in Nazi Germany or something.So it doesn't matter what race you, if you live in NYC you are in a police state and it can happen to you.

Turn all our laws on their heads to suit the crminals, no ID check, no frisk for weapons, &amp; another cop gets shot.More bone headed ideas by liberals!

Stop and frisk is a clear violation of the search and siezure clause.

Medical school is expensive, might as well let the city fund part of the bill.

so you want gun control, but you don't want to target areas, or lets be hones, races where they are likely to be carrying guns?

You should not be able to stop and frisk anyone without probable cause.  This is an assault on our freedom and if you don't fight back against it you are not a good American.

What if they get caught with an over sized soda?

FACT: blacks account for less than 13.1% of the populationFACT: blacks account for more than 58.7% of crimes..... Source: FBI violent crime The truth is the Truth Check it out.

Only in America could you need to present a driver's license tocash a check or buy alcohol, but not to vote.

The law says reasonable suspicion. That should not be wearing a hoodie or being a person of color. I will agree with it if they do it once a week on Wall st. There is more crime on Wall st then any other street in NYC.Well that's another way that  minorities have found to keep the freebies comings including medical school now. We have begun using armored cars in our towns projects because these people refuse to live by the law! The Police Superintendent went as far to say that the first shot fired is going to be met with force! Been real quiet in town the past 16 mos.

Why is that the most enlightened liberal states abuse the constitution the most. Black man you most likely voted for the people that are doing it to you so take it like a real brother.

people who voted for Bloomberg are getting EXACTLY what they deserve

Bloomberg is a dangerous lunatic!

Bloomberg has recently been named the "most hated man in America" and for many good reasons.

Can't have a system in place that has been proven to accutualy reduce gun violence can we?  Lets see if we can pass another useless feel good gun law to disarm the law abiding citizen in liberalvill while violent criminal gun crime continues to  goes un abated.

I know this tactic has reduced crime there, and has taken some serious felons off the streets, which makes it hard to side against them. But let's face it, it is Constitutionally illegal to stop someone without probable cause. If we don't ban this kind of abuse of our laws by the people that we've hired to protect them, then our Orwellian nightmare comes that much quicker.

I can't know what they are going though but I do wonder how much money are they seeking? I think they should sue to recover court costs and fees, but to turn this into a lottery win is not right.

..........funny........where is the police side of the story?  Was there any witnesses??I'm sorry.........I am just tired of stories being published that to me , seems incomplete.

This lawsuit is long overdue but it does not sound like the most winnable case.Of course yahoo left out the part about an attorney who has compiled tons of video of illegal searches in which cops actually reached into a black man's pockets to pull out weed to bust them and this is NOT protected under their liberal laws. There are several cases this attorney has researched in which the NYPD had the weed on them and were planting it during their reach.I am a 60 year old white woman who has done volunteer work in the hood and barrio all over America for four decades and it is unbelievable how often me and the "boys" or "girls" were stopped in my suburban. Stopped for NO REASON and often searched and frisked on the side of the street along with my teen-age passengers.NYPD is notoriously corrupt and this is just one more place where the cops are living outside the law.It is true that the cops go where the most crime is and I get that----the majority of crimes happen in the hood or the barrio, but these searches I have been part of and witnessed were all illegal. All of them.Please encourage fellow military and law enforcement to join Oathkeepers and stop this invasion of privacy all over the nation.If we are going to complain about the 2nd amendment being violated, then WE MUST complain about the 4th amendment being violated, Black or White, Green or Yellow, Long Hair (remember the 60's and 70's) short hair, no hair. it is wrong...

Anything to get money rather than to work for it.The liberal way to spell doom for American.

Once this is found unconstitutional, everyone who's name appears on the 250 citation would be given $50 for the inconvience.

Anything Al (Poverty Pimp) Sharpton has a part in is bull$$$$ andif he speaks for the black man who would want to listen.He is garbage in human form.

This is awesome...until it comes to your small town.....the #$%$....I mean the cops in escanaba, mi...have been illegally doing this for years

back in the 30's they called them brown shirts then they became the ss so im doing nothing wrong I can be accosted by police because i look different  frisked detained or arrested just because the cop didnt have any thing better to do welcome to a brave new world

WELCOME TO THE NANNY STATE NY=NS

Get the TSA to frisk these jerk weeds.

The trial was delayed due to the defense attorneys being stopped and frisked on their way to court...

UhOh, is Dictator Bloomberg about to get spanked down again?I guess I am the odd one because I assume that when a police officer asks me to do something, he is protecting and serving the community. Most people seem to think that he is profiling, harassing or just being racist.

Forget the race issue. This is illegal according to the Constitution.

If the majority of the victims of this harassment were white, things would change.

She also said that blacks and Latinos are both the overwhelming victims and perpetrators of crime in the city....so she is justifying racial profiling? That's an awful conservative action for such liberals.

The Law is now a tool used to extort money from us!The Law is also used to suppress our freedoms / Rights!The Law is in contempt of the truth and all those who serve it and write it are the most dangerous criminals we have in today’s society!

What's wrong with this?  If it will save lives, oh boy, let's do it!  I say we line people up and frisk EVERYONE that wants to go outside in public.  Why not?  You idiots are so willing to give up any right you have for some sense (false sense) of security.  Go ahead, keep making a police state, see how that works out for you.   Worked great for the Jews...

Where live the black areas are always in the news with black thugs shooting blacks and very often innocent bystanders get killed and injured.  I'd bet that the decent blacks in the area would like the police to stop and search.  At the very least it might stop the thugs carrying guns.

Stop and Frisk is NOTHING but a violation of your rights.

Just another in a long list of reasons why not to live in or go to NYC...

The police look at things in a way that make sense. If you look like a duck and walk like a duck and make sounds like a duck, you must be a duck. So there for you don't go chasing a dog. The blacks keep playing the race card every chance they get, so whats new.'Advocates of stop and frisk, including Mayor Michael Bloomberg, say the police practices have helped to reduce crime.'Michael Bloomberg, champion of Constitutional rights.

Yes, it's still the USA - but it's slipping away and good hardworking people who pay their taxes are getting trampled on by being taxed unfairly to provide handouts to those who don't deserve it and overrun by illegal aliens and lazy people who are sucking our support system dry (orig. set up only for the truly needy) ....... meanwhile thugs think they can rob us because they are too lazy to work and resent anyone who worked hard for what they have.,,,,,,,  In small but effective steps, we're trying to get it back under control - if citizens would only help and not hinder - we may get back the quality of life that we had many years ago - and even enhanced because of other advances........... Too many losers and cry babies out there with no intelligence but big mouths who are too dumb to see we are trying to improve, not go down....

Using NYC's statistics, the police identified more than half a million violations during "stop and frisk" actions.  Don't the citizens of NYC have rights too?  Like the right not to be shot during a mugging, or the right not to have their home invaded, or the right not to have their children shot in drive bys?

Cops can't stop and frisk a person for a weapon in a high crime area but Obama can use a drone to kill you.

This should have nothing to do with race and every thing to do with unreasonable search! this #$%$ of racial profiling is bs stop the seperation of laws Just like at the airports if your looking for middle eastern men stop strip searching grandmas and small white kids! If high crime areas are filled with black men and women creating said crimes by all means start pulling over every car with a white person in it! This will fill your lets treat everyone fair quota but wont do much to stop crime!

Just some more muslim loving newyorkers!

I,m so sick of hearing about the Race-Card since before the election!  Monkey-See Monkey-Do  Policies are ruining this country &amp; White people are losing their Individual Rights everyday with Liberall-Politicians! Excuse me while I go S~H~I~T myself an Obama &amp; wipe it with my Holder!

There are now more black men under the control of the U.S. Prison System.....then were enslaved in 1860. (from Press TV and about 20 other mainstream media outlets).

Interesting timing, given the events of last week.

let me see here marander was a latin guy and now 55 years later from the high court ruleing a lot of states law officers do not read people their rights in 2013 . so if this case goes to the big boys in dc and this kid wins SO WHAT in his life time it will GO BACK to business as usualy .how about this-maybe if the blacks and latinos didnt riddle their neighborhoods with crime, they wouldnt have to worry about these types of things....

If a certain minority group commits a disproportionately greater amount of crimes, shouldn't they get a little extra "attention" by the police? Is that racism or just plain good tactics and common sense?

so where's their proof they were stopped because they were black?

"Suspicion" is not "reasonable cause"!  Never was, never will be. The NYC mayor and police are trying their very best to undermine America!

I will never obey an unlawful order preaching my intrinsic rights

The 4th amendment is more important than a cop's casual suspicion.

in indiana if a cop or public servant tries to violate your 4th rights with out a warrant you have the right to use DEADLY force to PROTECT your self

so much for our 4th amendment rights thecops and all power hungry morons are completely out of control this verdict has to go to the ppl so we can at least walk with our heads held high

It's a frightening and degrading experience for white people to have to walk through most black ghetto neighborhoods.  Should they sue?

The Democrats have removed the 4th Amendment from NY City, and the Liberal judges have done nothing about it.They only target people who look like criminals, It's not their fault that 80 percent of crime is committed by minorities.

United States Correctional control rates are highly concentrated by race and geography:1 in 11 black adults (9.2 percent)1 in 27 Hispanic adults (3.7 percent).1 in 45 white adults (2.2 percent).1 in 18 men (5.5 percent).1 in 89 women (1.1 percent).(From the PEW Charitable Trust).

On January 1, 2008 more than 1 in 100 adults in the United States were in PRISON or JAIL. In 2008 approximately one in every 31 adults (7.3 million) in the United States was behind bars, or being monitored (probation and parole). In 2008 the breakdown for adults under correctional control was as follows: one out of 18 men, one in 89 women, one in 11 African-Americans (9.2 percent), one in 27 Latinos (3.7 percent), and one in 45 Caucasians (2.2 percent). Crime rates have declined by about 25 percent from 1988-2008. 70% of prisoners in the United States are non-whites. In recent decades the U.S. has experienced a surge in its prison population, quadrupling since 1980, partially as a result of MANDATORY SENTENCING that came about during the "war on drugs." Violent crime and property crime have DECLINED since the early 1990s. (From U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

Comparison with other countries: The United States has the HIGHEST DOCUMENTED INCARCERATION RATE IN THE WORLD. (743 per 100,000 population), Russia has the second highest rate (577 per 100,000), followed by Rwanda (561 per 100,000). As of year-end 2009 the USA rate was 743 adults incarcerated in prisons and jails per 100,000 population. At year-end 2007 the United States had less than 5% of the world's population and 23.4% of the world's prison and jail population (adult inmates). By comparison the incarceration rate in England and Wales[clarification needed] in October 2011 was 155 people imprisoned per 100,000 residents;[30] the rate for Norway in May 2010 was 71 inmates per 100,000; Netherlands in April 2010 was 94 per 100,000; Australia in June 2010 was 133 per 100,000;[33] and New Zealand in October 2010 was 203 per 100,000. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

Incarceration rate in the USA for federal and state prisons in 2007 was the highest in history of the country. It was 5.5 times greater than the sharp peak that occurred during the Great Depression at 137 per 100,000 in 1939. Historically, the current US incarceration rate is comparable to the record-high Communist Soviet Union's levels before World War II...when the USSR's population reached 168 million....and 1.2 to 1.5 million people were in the Gulag system's prison camps and colonies. (i.e. about 800 people imprisoned per 100,000 residents, according to numbers from Anne Applebaum and Steven Rosefielde). The Soviet Union's incarceration rates from 1934 to 1953 were historically the world's highest for a modern age country, according to The Gulag Archipelago book by Nobel Prize winner Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. However, the US total population incarcerated is 2,266,800 as of 2010. That amounts to over 719 citizens per 100,000. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

"Simply put, crime drives where police officers go, not race," Grossman said."So why doesn't the NYPD surround wall street with cops?  All the guys there nearly collapsed the global economy and robbed every American of billions!Ohh wait I remember, because not a single one of them was Black!

Criminals would rather be in jail.

The reason they do this is because there is so many lawless #$%$ who commit crimes.This needs to be done in Chicago,and Detroit.

Dicktator DoomBorg is taking aim at anybody who happens to be a minority.  N.Y.C. isn't a good town to be a minority in---or to be a white person either for that matter!

Im ok with this because if even only one criminal is taken off the streets , its one more I and my children do not have to worry about.The black criminal:"I demand the right to carry an illegal gun and not be stopped by any cop so  I can shoot any member of an opposing gang who is dealing crack in my territory or anyone who disses me, looks at me the wrong way, or is in the wrong place at the wrong time. And I don't want no law enforcement person interfering with those Constitutional  rights."

Maybe if the police stopped and frisked all the jews in this city it wouldn't be such a hard issue to decide.  Racist Bloomberg and punk city councilmen/women.

The stop and see if have marijuana so we can fine them procedure needs to stop. The # 1 cited crime in NYC 2010...any guesses?

All blacks keep crying, and crying.  let these cops do thier business.if you don't want to be stopped. Then don't look like a thug. Grow hair. Pick up your pants. Speak correctly. Have manners. Don't talk like you have crack in your mouth. Show respect to all. Especially for white people. If you walk like a duck and talk like a duck. Guess what? You are a duck. Get over it and move on. These cops, will not stop from doing thier job. Part of thier job is to stop you make your life uncomfortable. Talk #$%$ to you. Shake you down. Check to see if you are a run away or a fugitive. If you don't have no warrants, no holds or whatever. You can go on with your life. That is life in the big city. Stop crying black people. Remember, you people weren't the only race that was slaves. So stop crying.

There has to be more to probable cause than race.

Being black constitutes "reasonable suspicion" in N.Y.? The Fourth Amendment is short and sweet. And very to the point.  "The right of the people to be secure in their persons.......against unwarranted searches &amp; seizures shall not be violated". The U.S. Atty Gen and the SCOTUS should have stomped this out a long time ago. Bloomin'idiotberg is a Nazi.

Because of the mayors foolishness this story tempts one to make a smart alecky remark. Bet these black guys were carrying 64 oz pepsi cups! But seriously folks we must find some ways to get these people to stop killing each other. I am not sure this is it but they need to ask the black community for some ideas. Like in Chicago it is mostly their kids and kin folks getting killed. Mr mayor get off the stupid and work on things like this.

How can ANY experience be degrading for a Black? They do a good job of that to themselves just naturally.

Well it appears the gun ban in NYC effectively took firearms away from the law abiding citizens. It seems, JUST LIKE PREDICTED, it did nothing to take them from the hands of the criminals. So, that being said . . . I guess you really DO get what you vote for folks. It's a little late to be crying over spilt milk.

Leave those New Yorkers to their deviant devicesI don't know why they would want to frisk black men. There are so many hot girls in New York that are eligible for the "Stop and Frisk" challenge. Under 18, ineligible without parental consent.

"...tactics were a "frightening and degrading experience" for four black men who are suing the city..."As opposed to the experiences of the people being attacked, robbed, and raped.  I'm not a big proponent of a warrantless search, but when the situation in public housing gets so bad that the majority of people living there beg for help, then I just might agree to it under very strict rules.

The 4th amendment states:The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.Benjamin Franklin:"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."Our Constutional Rights are in jeopardy because of peopel like Bloomberg, and those that believe it is ok to give up liberty for security.

The NYPD may believe in stop and frisk but not even the Gestapo had all the power they wanted.  The constitution demands probable cause.

Black on black crime is no big deal to blacks, let them be. In other cases bring back the rope.

The TSA has been doing this and more for years....Kind of like a police state anymore...fear the gov't and fear the police.

Revolution!

I have only one argument, its not Constitutional!

Pretty soon, in New York, being arrested and placed in a holding cell will be considered "kidnapping" and "unlawful detention" but only if the person in question is black or hispanic.

I've been stopped twice randomly. Once on foot and once on a bicycle. In both cases they detained more for over an hour. One time they made me remove my shirt and handcuffed me and made me sit on the curb. I was very respectful because I didn't want to be beaten. One time they said they thought I stole the bicycle I was riding, and the other time because I supposedly looked like a bank robbery suspect from a couple weeks ago. I was wearing my work clothes in both cases (I was a truck driver at the time, tshirt and jeans). They also photographed me that 2nd time. When it happens to someone else, it might seem like no big deal, but when it happens to you, it's a very big deal. I can tell you it's humiliating and frightening. I mean, what the heck did they do with those pictures? Do I have to worry the rest of my life about being picked out of a photo lineup?The result will be the same as in Chicago. Black on Black crime will skyrocket. But at least Jesse and Al have something to do. Murder rate for Blacks will triple. Break-ins for Blacks will triple.Rapes of Black women will triple. All this can be predicted because of what has happened in Chicago. Police will take a hands-off approach and guess who will suffer. The lib dems will be soooooooooooooooooooo proud of themselves for protecting us po black folks from those mean police officers. Lib dems make me puke.

New York comes up with the most craziest things in the United States. Do they have nothing to do but site around and come up with ways to violate their citizens, ban them from certain things, etc.  I feel sorry for the NY citizens!!!!

loonberg....hope these victims suit your city for mega bucks and win.....your stupid ego trip has been illegal from the start and it's a shame you can't be held personally financially responsible somehow.

One in 31 adults in America is in prison or jail, or on probation or parole. Twenty-five years ago, the rate was 1 in 77. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

The United States has the highest documented OVERALL incarceration rate....and highest per capita incarceration rate in the world. (per capita means the number of people out of 1000....that are in jail or prison). At year-end 2009, it was 743 adults incarcerated per 100,000 population. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

The United States is a prison nation. 1 out of 37 adults in the United States is under some kind of control of the U.S. criminal justice/prison system. One out of every 100 adults has been arrested here. Prisons in the U.S. are disproportionately populated by people of color/African Americans in relation to African Americans population numbers in the U.S. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia)

U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics. Not adjusted for inflation. In 2007, around $74 BILLION was spent on corrections in the United States.The total number of inmates in 2007 in federal, state, and local lockups was 2,419,241. That comes to around $30,600 per inmate. The U.S. has the highest number of inmates on earth....as well as the highest per capita number of inmates. (this means the number of inmates locked up......per thousand of the population).

You can racially profile and stop and frisk US citizens, but hands off illegal immigrants.  NY is one screwed up place.

Is this still the USA??!!!

Non-Black people have to pay more taxes for:1.High Crime areas where more Blacks commits more crime.2.More Police are needed in High Crime Black areas.3.Prisons to house, feed and secure.4. Insurance cost goes up due to the high crime Black areas.5.Property Values goes down due to high crime Black areas.You know for a fact this is true, some people try to be color blind to this.No matter how you look at this it is ture.I hope thier attorney is good enough to recognize that this is a conspiricy to violate the 4th amemdment due to racial profiling.  I gathered that much just a summary of the case facts. New york has done this before, and settled out of court each time. I think this time they should be forced to judgment and face the fact that New York makes selma alabama look innocent by comparison.

I am sure the police had good reason, a very good reason, they try and keep the city safe.

His medical degree is from Havana Cuba. Kind of like someone getting his degree in socialism in kenya

AMERICANS need to learn the phrase " I DO NOT CONSENT TO A SEARCH"

to be fair...if 1/2 crimes (in jail) are done by white people then 1/2 of the stops should be of white people. Same thing goes for blacks or any other color. IMO. If the race is 1% then only 1% of the stops should be of that race. END OF STORY. fact id it does reduce crime. like it or not.

under the bush regime the city of new York has been getting around 50 million a year with no strings attached on how they use it , this in addition  to all the other moneys they receive since 911 ,, this is just one way out of many that they have chosen to use it ,, against the 4th amendment sure it is ,, but money like this and lots of it is flowing all around the country and used as they see fit . my point is go back and start making cuts to all this waste going on in the country , my guess is around a few billion a year could be saved with these kind of budget cuts against waste and fraud and then do the same with the medical and etc.

Whats next, a law against lawful assembly because someone may be discussing a crime?  Allowing police to enter your home to search without a warrant because they think there may be a gun in the home?  Demanding police be housed in your home to help prevent crime?  If they loose a case by jury you could be tried again and again untill the government wins? Not being able to examine the government's witnesses because that may prevent them from winning?  I thought we had a constitution preventing this. Guess not.

@ Wilbur..Are you so diconnected from humanity that you can't see how wrong that is? Why don't you pick up a history book and see if you can find any parallels between these "law enforcement activities" and the tactics the #$%$ used against the Jews in Germany

The systematic"dumbing down" of America has made the unthinkable possible. There would be a national outcry against these"law enforcement tactics" if the people knew American history. Why have we let so many JERKS buy their way into positions of power?

nope, it should be: stop- can I have an ID, then back grn,check,then frisk, then make that arrest, then deportor then make the report for file.They do this in Dallas. They usually target people loitering around neighborhoods, looking for good places to burglarize or rob. This is mainly done during the day when most people are working or going to school.  Stops a lot of crime, i.e. Obama supporters.

Whatever happened to being able to temper justice with mercy? Any comments officers?

These searches are a clear violation of the 4th Amendment.

As opposed to the stop and mug policy NYC has?

Stop and Frisk costs them time to get to their next crime

sounds like the crazy ideal behind gun control !!!   every  one is guilty !!!   so punish the whole crowd !!!!   NANNY MIKE YOU ARE NOT THE KING YOU JUST THINK YOU ARE !!! NEW YORK CITY YOU VOTED FOR HIM YOU GOT JUST WANT YOU WANTED  !!!!

Let me see your papers, now!

I thought officers couldn't #$%$ without probably cause.  At least that's what I thought.They must have had probable cause to frisk these guys.

The Nypd is just another street gang, with better uniforms.

Any time a Black Person commits a Crime, the Non-Black people are automatically Racist…………..Why???When your tactics fail 90% of the time, no arrests, no summons, and your gun rate less than 1%, something is wrong. And anyone that can't see that, is blind. Also forget race, the problem is the quotas. If it was not for the quotas, police would not be stopping people for no reason, to fill their numbers. No quotas, then the police would be stopping people based on some real "reasonable suspicion", and not have a 90% fail rate.

New York cops were just jealous of the TSA and wanted to cop a feel for themselves. Pay the men NYC . . . I'm betting Bloomberg was behind this fubar too!

that attorney is lying. and police do stop people because of race. and they also stop male blacks just because they have dreadlocks.

One has to question the "90% did not result in arrest or summons" statistic. Thousands of blacks and hispanics have been stopped and subsequently arrested for such things as small quantities of pot, when they were doing nothing wrong but walking down the street minding their own business. This is profiling ... plain and simple. Just another way for "the man" to keep the minorities down. Jail has simply replaced slavery.

With the race card in play or not, the stats point to 90% of failure. Reasonable search is not always a factor and the police have fallen into the realm of racial profiling far too often to ignore or simply label the victims of using the race card. Many times that is simply what it is.

Next up.Stop and Hammer time.Then.. Stop, Collaborate and listen

why is this news to any BROTHER in AMERICA ? this has been going on since 18 4? with the KANSAS MISSOURI COMPRIMISE i think ?

Probable reason for the low success rate is thugs know cops are out and don't carry all the time......  Maybe they should tone it down a bit, but if crime is dropping it's a good thing.

You know that feeling you get when you get pulled over and people driving by look in your direction? Multiply that feeling by 100 with stop and frisk. This is not right.

"Advocates of stop and frisk, including Mayor Michael Bloomberg, say the police practices have helped to reduce crime." We could stop crime even more by locking all citizens in cages at night. "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." ~ attributed to Benjamin Franklin.I was still working once but homeless and sleeping on friends sofas. Had a big backpack with clothes, toiletries, work clothes, blanket etc. Walking and Riding the bus at the time and if You wore one of those big homeless backpacks, suddenly the Cops are REAL interested in who you are. I was stopped numerous times and told numerous stories that all ended in them wanting to see my ID. Fishing for warrants.

If police are allowed to continue this practice, I'm moving out of the country, because we will in fact have turned quite literally into a police state. Bloomberg's interpretation of constitutional rights is scary. As best I can tell, he has absolutely no regard for that document, or the ideas it reflects. He's just one scary s.o.b

The United States has 5% of all the world's population...and 25% of the world's prison inmates. African Americans are incarcerated here at a much higher rate than European Americans in relation to their share of the overall population. This is likely the result of 300 years of economic exclusion/slavery/racism and poverty which has created extreme dysfunction in these communities. Brazil...who also practiced slavery on a massive scale..similar to the U.S....also suffers from extreme dysfunction, crime and poverty in their large African Brazilian populations. Poverty and abuse creates dysfunction.....Psychology 101. The U.S. Civil rights Act was only passed in 1964.

The constitutional violations far ou tweight the invasion upon a person. The results simply do not suport the "intent" the Gvt had hoped and even some those might be questionable.Just becasue i am out in public does't mean i want anyone to know what i maybe carring on me. It is an illegal search none the less no matter how they try to fake establish probable cause.

When the search and seizure item was placed in the Bill of Rights in 1787 it had no way of envisioning there'd be gangs of young punks flooding urban areas 200+ years later. While our Constitution is indeed precious , some of the concepts are NOT time eternal.

Well, there goes the NY decrease in violent crime and murder. Now with this and their new gun control laws what are they going to blame?? Oh ya, we have seen this story before. They will blame a nearby state with a much lower violent crime rate and less gun restrictions.

Americans need to stand up to this Anti-Liberty, that is committed in the name of a False Safety. We have Rights that are protected in the Bill of Rights. All the current Unconstitutional behavior of our elected officials needs to be stopped.

How the hell can an open ended stop and frisk possibly pass constitutional mustard.We do still have the protection from unreasonable search and seizure dont we????

So with a 0.15% success rate, can they really claim reasonable suspicion?

Blacks are the schum of the world, they need to wake up and try being a human instead of animals.They might of had a Pizza and a 2 Liter

Gee wonder what race commits the most crime in toilet nyc, he|| just loot rob riot and burn the toilet down, that is all the monkeys can do anymore.

Mayor Michael Bloomberg has to be the #1 public enemy of the Constitution and the Bill of rights.Who elected this guy the Communist party..Please New York city voters get rid of this guy.Here is a idea for a new voter law in New York city.You must prove you read and understand the Following before you vote 1)The Constitution of the U.S 2) The bill of rights 3)American History book.

You go NY.  Have the Police stop this and Violence Surge with a Vengeance!

I dont think people understand how it feels until you go thru it. It is fustrating though most high crime areas are minority based.Though to leave  humane with the power to arrest with cause of suspicion Is dangerous. How would you like a credit card company checking your pay check because they suspect your holding out on them but dont worry there working on that.

Why expect anything less from NY City, they don't care about anyone's civil rights or the constitution.  With NY it always seems to be "my way or hit the highway".

I was driving on the highway the other day when I came upon 2 cop cars behind a 83' Chevy Impala with big chrome wheels and skinny tires. I noticed one officer was putting the unfortunate driver, a black man, in handcuffs. I immediately felt a sense that the world was just a little bit safer

What if I get an erection while they are frisking me?  Do I finish?

Since the "Brothers" all voted for Obama what are they #$%$ about?  Maybe if they had enough sense to look beyond his being black they could see that Obama is bent on destroying the Constitution and Bill or Rights.  As soon as the Democrats can disarm the nation we will all go into chains.

What these guys are failing to mention is that they were caught with having drugs in their possession.What do you expect? Blacks and Latinos still make-up the largest number of gang-bangers!

The "stopping crime" argument is simply reductio ad absurdum;  we could logically end all crime by killing every human when they where born.  The problem with Bloomberg's argument is that it ignores individual rights.  They would also see a reduction in certain types of crime if suddenly the cops could just walk into anyone's house and look around as well--and that's logically where this is headed if this sort of reasoning prevails...

Found out that police can frisk and harass anyone,that's driving through a high crime and drug neighborhood! But here's the thing, No matter your race,If we don't complain nothing will be done about it! Let's turn the table's here.How about we arrest any officer that's using cellphone,texting,looking at women butts on duty while holding up traffic,have 4 or more drinks at the bar,abuse their spouse,tailgate you without siren lights on! We can grab them and search them and handcuff their butts,if they try to resist our citizens arrest!

Bloomburg = blooming idiot

does anyone remember the anal plunger in the NYC police station? that was from a stop and frisk. they drilled the handle up there so far it destroyed his colon and other organs

this is an outrage the people should rise up and take power

When 80% of crime is committed by these people why shouldn't 80% of frisking be done?

I think a nice fat punitive settlement that reaches deep into NY's pocket   will send the right  message to Der Fuhrer Boobberg!

The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.

Stop and Frisk Bloomberg's bodyguards!!!! Got to make sure they don't have more than 7 bullets in their magazine, they don't NEED more than 7 if there are that many of them and they are trained professionals RIGHT???????Merely curious if anyone knows... When they frisked individuals was there an incident or any other report filed ? From the perspective of lawsuits it would stand to reason that any person living in NYC or specifically one of the neighborhoods that the police concentrated their efforts could join the lawsuit filing suit against the city. Not to mention, I would imagine that if a conviction resulted in the cases of weapon seizures that those individuals would have their sentences vacated.

watch how fast these wacks  forget all about the racism, when they get a check.  the one guy is going to cuba to study medicine.  i hope i never run into him in a emergency room.  what, he couldn't hack it in a american medical school?  hugo chavez knew all about cuba's medical treatment, and you see where he is at...............lol

VER ARE YOUR PAPAZ??  Nazi cops.  America is really going down hill isnt it.  Never have so few..been so foul...to so many.  Sad

I'd like to hear what the 'reasonable suspision' they got stopped and frisked for. Of course, the police think everything is a reason just to search people.

"Stop and Frisk Challenge".....Sounds like a gameshow

Thats your liberal buddy you guys keep voting in!!

Do New York Judges "Hear anything" at all.....this is the appropriate header....do they.? ...I dont think they do...I would challenge that fact...so leaning and so inbed with the communist....its leaking stating your case to "the wall".....

It's been said millions of time throughout history.....the ends simply don't justify the means.  Regardless of one's race, conducting a "stop and frisk" simply because someone "looks" guilty is unjustifiable and unreasonable search and seizure.  Hopefully, the courts will see it the same way.

"Grossman pushed back against the idea of an outside monitor, and said that 'there is no evidence whatsoever' that officers operate under a quota system." -- Ummm, maybe there's no evidence because there's no outside monitor looking for evidence.

The Damn-o-craps are control freaks, wake up America.These are police state tactics regardless of the race issue which in this case is police state tactics with enhancement.

"... Mayor Michael Bloomberg, say the police practices have helped to reduce crime" . So would going into every house in New York and searching it for anything that might resemble a crime....Still against the 4th amdndment.

If you have nothing to hide, then why is a stop and frisk so "frightening"?

How does capturing 1 person for a crime while violating the rights of 9 innocent people make sense?  It's even worse for finding guns:  almost 999 people are violated to find the one needle in the haystack carrying a firearm.  Is that really a system that errs on the side of liberty and freedom, people?!?

The pittiful race card

In another article I read that over the past 5 years more than $650K had been paid out to individuals harassed by stop and frisk.  The searches intend to intimidate.  The amounts granted to plaintiffs have increased over this same period showing New Yorkers to have become more sympathetic to those who have been harassed.

What ever happened to reasonable cause? Surely not all the stop and frisks have exergent circumstances. Guess Bloomberg does not believe in the 4th amendment either.

oh its ok to complain about their violation of their constitutional right, but its not ok for other people to have their constitutional rights violated.  Its funny to hear black people speak of the constitution when they want it removed.

I don't think 'stop and frisk' could ever be applied in a non-biased way.  That idea is just flawed, period, so of course the execution of it will be flawed, too.  There's got to be a better way to protect people, and we should make it a priority to find one.

If your elected officials are out of control, then why do you re-elected them? They are emboldened to further push the envelope to remove your freedoms one by one. Either act alike americans and get rid of them in the next election, or start a recall process. You don't have to accept the police state mindset.Tries to jimmy a lock in a high crime area and cannot believe that they "targeted" him?  Not too bright for a medical college student!  If the stops are valid, then by all means I am ok with the policy.  If they are picking up people walking down the street, then it is a violation of rights.  But a guy trying to break into a locked house, I would say the suspicions are well founded. BUT NY and Bloomberg have a pretty good record of violating our constitutional rights.

these are the methods of soviet russia socialism, that will only get worse as the ideology of liberals becomes more common place

he got in office the same way we get most in office They lie to get the vote,look who got in the big office.

They single me out at every airport because my skin is very tan and I probably look like a drug dealer. I don't complain - I don't whine - I'm not weak and stupid like these black dudes.

Can I see your papers please. Heil Hitler! You CANNOT relinquish freedoms for a false sense of safety. Those who would sacrifice freedom for security deserve neither.

Mr. Floyd is just looking to get those student loans for medical school paid for by the tax payers.

It comes as no surprise that Mayor Michael Bloomberg, the king of socialist, would see this program as a good thing and not see the ramifications of it being against the Constitution. He is all in favor of taking away individual rights and freedoms all in the name of safety &amp; health. His kind of thinking requires re-education about the US Constitution and what it means instead of finding new ways to get around it.

This is a double edge sword! if an area contains say 90% of a certain race then odds are more crimes(like 90%)will be committed by that particular race in that area!, that is not racial profiling that is more like laws of probability!!!! but i do totally agree that no one should be subjected to random searches ect!! Wiretaps and all the 911 patriot act #$%$ has gone WAY TOO FAR and gets way to many times missused!!! How much of this over use of power really has had ANYTHING to do with stopping or has lead to any arrest over terroristic activity??? This  just gave police depts way to much leway and authority they shouldn't have!! We are getting closer and will soon be a communist country is a very short period if nothing is done to put a stop to it!! Do police depts really need 30 man SWAT teams to swarm a house in a very little to no danger unarmed house containing 1 pot plant or a cpl stems and a 19yo kid living in it??(take a serious look at how much overkill and tax dollars are being wasted these days in similar situations! Hell i live in a tiny fairly slow paced town(Rarely any major events!) and our own wonderful police dept went and bought a big armoured fully equipped vehicle with big Dare logos on its sides and a cpl other cocky sayings on it!(its almost sadly comical lol!)makes me wonder how this sh^t gets approved(and by who?)sad thing is its true! They also have a program called"weed and seed"(in our same small town) where the set up random rd blocks do random searches of whoever they so decide they wanna harrass that wk ect?, I believe our chief of police thinks he is star of 70's movie walkin tall(you know this is my town mentallity!)why internal afairs hasent been called in to look into all this is beyond me?? and i'm sure there are more towns like mine(O$$ City,Pa)anyone living here would know in a split second where this is! Btw the Patriot act is this most misused thing in the last 100yrs!(total BULL!!)

I am a lowly little mouse. I do my best to survive i do not cause another man grief. Because I am so gentle and silent of emotion, do not see me as a coward. I am silent and peacefull with knowledge of superior manueverability and strength. I may seem passive, but emotion will not tary vigilance and anger results in bad judgement. Yes a lowly little mouse am I, yet self preservation requires no man touch me lest it be in mutual acceptance. If a man steps into my little lowly world with intent to search me or touch me without my approval he shall be met with a lowly little soft spoken mouse of calm. If you look into my eyes at such a time pay note to the icy blue stare, look into my eyes fleetingly with intention to judge my fear. One will notice a man of 0 fear of any living thing on earth for I am a lowly little mouse. You will notice that I am light on my feet and that should tell you I am not armed. I am calm and collected and stood toe to toe with a 20 year old man of 6'3, I was a head shorter, With my chin against his chest and smiling in his eye as i fired him for his rebellion on my job site. All the while with my hands behind my back. No weapons just moral standards and my icy blue stare. You see in my life i have no earthly fear only that wrath of my creator. As i am a lowly little mouse i am succeptable to the deeds of man. HOWEVER and this is very important, if you do wrong by me you will pay dearly one day. Oh yeah I can defend the onslaught of a mans brutal handed attack and rarely will I strike a blow unless I am called upon to do so in my heart of a lowly little mouse. Do not lay hands to me, a hand to my shoulder will make me spin quickly in defence and likely break an arm before or crush a knee before i feel safe from a mans brutality or pressure to consent. I have seen people brutally murdered while hand cuffed by a HUMAN being. My point is NO MAN has a right to lay hands on me nor will he with out he caused my death.

'Advocates of stop and frisk, including Mayor Michael Bloomberg, say the police practices have helped to reduce crime.'Stopping &amp; frisking everone the gestapo chooses doesn't reduce crime, it only creates criminals.  You know what really reduces crime? Locking up and/or executing actual criminals.  Instead of releasing convicted, VIOLENT, criminals back onto our streets as the courts have been doing for decades. 3 felony convictions, death penalty.  PERIOD.Another great way to reduce crime is to gather up and deport all of the illegal aliens... hey wait, what's that word?!?!?! ILLEGAL?  Yes, those who are KNOWN to have ALREADY COMMITTED CRIMES against this country.  Deport them, and you've just eliminated over 11 million criminals.  I feel safer already.With as much goofiness that's going on in NY, I don't care for the stop and frisk law being implemented. Figures are being tossed around as to its success  but as we all know, figures can be adjusted to fit whatever a particular side wants.Look at DC for example. They DONT spend a bazillion dollars on something and then turn right around and say the SAVED a bazillion dollars. Sounds like Fuzzy Math/ doctored figures to me.I don't buy it be it from DC or NY.

If the crime stats verify higher crime rates in minority neighborhoods that is NOT racial profiling. It's the police doing their jobs to reduce crimes in that area. You can NOT have it both ways minorities. Make up your mind....high crime or an occasional pull over for safety.

Both sides are lying out thier azzes

Stop and frisk has been one of the most effective crime fighting tools.  The statistical numbers are being skewed by the civil rights people to their advantage.  In high crime areas most of the residents are minorities, so of course a high percentage of the people stopped are minorities, because that who lives there. If Stop and Frisk ends, you will see a dramatic increase in crime.  Sadly most of the victims will be minorities, so this whole law suit just hurts minorities in the long run.  Makes no sense to me at all.

Don't dress like a thug you won't be stopped like a thug....how hard is that too understand...you reap what you sow......

nothing to do with race--just actions of the lowlife in the area--harassing the good neighbors and the cops cant help due to Judge sh_thead

"U.S. District Judge Shira Scheindlin is "a brainless sh_t head with no respect or consideration for us--the citizens that these thugs harass and commit crimes against--she should be made to live in their neighborhood for awhile then see what she has to say

She has so many techniques to amaze you at_____bubida______

We did a lot of stop and frisk in Iraq...

In other news mayor Bloomberg got a pedicure yesterday!!!Every officer who has taken oath to honor and uphold the law who has enforced stop and frisk needs to start looking for another line of work

This is funny because it involves NYC and liberals.

Sounds like a great tactic to me.

Med student?? what med school would that be?

No such thing as opening arguments. It's opening statements-closing arguements

First, saying ur a med student means nothing since u received that placement to fill a quota, likely dashing the dream of some white kid with a poor family who would have made a great doctor instead of the almost assured malpractice lawsuits ur legacy will bring. Second, u were stopped because there is a greater chance that ur a thief or gangbanger then stopping a 98 year old white granny. Third, crying racism for this, one can only imagine how many times you will cry race rape when ur denied a job, promotion.,etc.

How about i file a lawsuit against the black race for disproportionally targeting me for crimes?

Lets see - make it harder for law abiding citizens to get guns, but make it easier for criminals to carry them.   More Obamanation.  3 + years to go.

White people always are saying that there are not racist, but are always using racist language toward minorities. This is why minorities like myself and others are using the race card, because of you people. Racism will never go away as long as we have people full of hate This is why there are  laws created,because of all the discrimination in our country.white people should never created all this hate in our world this would never happen. This is why it's biting all of you guys in the #$%$. We have a black president for 4 MORE YEARS get over it, and that is why are country is getting BROWNER... peace

God these white people on this site are annoying!!!! They are #$%$ , and complaining about black men being stop and frisk( which black men have the right) to complain about there rights being violated. Because when sandy hook happen all these KKK white people are complaining about there 2nd amendment right being infringe, because they want their semi- automatics WHITE PEOPLE ARE HYPOCRITES!!!!!go practice medicine in havana Cuba you piece of #$%$ Just another professional rabble rouser They ask cops to stop the crime in the neighborhood and then cry racism

Please, don't search me, you will find my gun and drugs. Give me a break!!!

Wait a minute.....whites are the minority according to the latest Yahoo news article...So why are the police targeting blacks and hispanics?

Always wanting to play the Race-Card when no doubt they are told why they were stopped and frisked. What are minorities wanting a James Bond License to Kill. Where minorities can break any law they want because they are a minority.Look this stop and frisk program has reduced crime. So what is the real potential problem here. It is not the stop and frisk, it is usually the police officers that are doing the stopping and frisking. Or even the implementation of the system could be a potential problem.But since the stop and frisk has reduced crime I say it is working just fine. If stop and frisk were removed. Then some of the same minorities that are wanting it removed. Could be crying it is not there due to their loved ones being shot and killed by criminals. The same guns that the removed program kept off of the street.Also the police will tell you why you are being stopped and frisked. Just like you can mark yourself as an easy mark for a criminal. The same is true as far as marking yourself a potential criminal. Let's say that there is a street in NY where between 9pm and 3am #$%$ are out walking on those streets. Now if you went to that street around 1am what do you think that the police would think. If you were dressed like a #$%$, they would think you are a #$%$ looking for a John. If you were not dressed as a #$%$ then they would think you are a John looking for a #$%$.Heck even wearing the wrong color and type of clothes might make police think you belong to a gang. If you were to pay attention to what the police tell you when you are stopped and you make note of where they stopped you. Then you can take the proper steps to avoid being picked up again.Finally let's say some of the stops are random, because there is a certain number that they must have. Then as long as police are abiding by the law then everyone should be fine with it.

when you commit 90% of the crimes what do you expect

Here's the argument.  You have a group of 3 homeboys standing around on a street corner.  They ain't at work, they ain't doing their homework, they ain't photographing the neighborhood, they all wearing black hoodies...nowhere to be, nothing to do...you tell me.

Just getting you conditioned as to whats coming,

Stop and talk understandable people should be familiar with local law enforcement We were taught police were the good guys and if you messed up than they #$%$ and take you to Jail.  Nothing wrong with introducing yourself to an unfamiliar person.

You couldn't pay me to live in Soviet N.Y

No its not hard to be minority in NY! you just move ur #$%$ find a job and do what all peopel trying to do live by the rules! Why would be hard to be minority in NY??Opening arguments: The government is legally barred from doing it by the state's and the federal constitutions.Case closed, right?If you slept through history class and you want a more practical explanation: Stop-and-frisk to reduce crime is about as efficient, affordable and intelligent as having police officers examine the throttle position on every car leaving parking lots to prevent speeding.Muggers and perverts rejoice. All you need is a shave and a NYPD costume!

i think Bloomberg should ban a low life ghetto hispanic and blacks from nycAnd keep just middle class . And remove all those projects move them some where far away where they can live by they rules and they dotn have to be worrie about cops stoping them and cops dont have to worry to get shot

You just can not stop and frisk without proper cause, period ! Who gives a shet what the court has to say !

Folks like bloomberg want the government to do all the crime. This practice is clearly unconstitutional and an affront to liberty regardless the attempted justification as well as an excuse for the enforcers to harass people.

Lol, I think it's hilarious!!

1/2 crime done by whites and half by blacks??Do u know hom much percent is white population amd how much percent is blacks?If lets say just example 30 % percent is blacks and 70% whites and there is half and half jailed so please u do math.

Swede what part u not getting ! The crime is highest now in past 20 years , everybody has guns and palying gangsta wanna be. Kids getting shot cuz some stupid ghetto #$%$ teen thinks he is in movies and starts shooting in middle of the day in park. Last summer got so many kids shot by those stupid gangsta wannabe by accident cuz they were on wromg place! And every almost every night its some one shot in brooklyn or bronx and its gettimg worst and worst so yes if they have to search homes to make us scare free they ca do it

Exactly! agree with hardtimes!

"Among other remedies."  I can think of a million or so other "remedies." If it only to change protocol then I am all for it. If it is for any kind of compensation then I am against it. Some people only want a free ride at the expense of others.

Omg!!! What the idiots! Yea lets stopping a white people and keep eye on whites more even if black and hispanic are 80 percent of those who do crime in nyc but lets just to make them shut up and start stoppingand searching white people and they cars on they way home from they jobs just to make those idiots shut up about that stupid racism! And lets give those stupid blacks and hispanics more respect and freedom that they can feel more free do the crime !!"The second time was in front of the Bronx house he was living in, as he was helping a fellow tenant unlock a door."How many people does it take to open a door? Two people trying to open a door in a high crime area definitely would suspicious to me. Just sayin'.

Welcome to the GOPolice States, AmericA+

What happened to the good old days when the police could use fire hoses, dogs and rope to keep non-whites in check. The white racists will burn in hell.

F New York mayor and his nypd terrorists !!

I'm against it unless they can convince me that only Republicans are being stopped and frisked. Then I'm all for it.

Let the Police do thier jobs. AH's only want this stopped.

F the nypd

Medical school in Cuba? Hmm. Castro funds American students to learn in Cuba. (Obamas infatuation) Karl Marx amphitheater provides the graduation grounds for students.  Tie this to Bloomberg........I'll let you fill in the blanks.  Its a vicious cycle.

Hey Mr. Stop The Corruption, you're using consensus from to different studies.

Profilin' is justified when statistics show who are more likely to be criminals.It's hard to be a minority in NY.

"Almost 90 percent of stop-and-frisk stops from 2004 through the first half of 2012 did not result in an arrest or summons..." meaning that more than 10% DID result in an arrest or summons.  How many other law enforcement activities have a rate of success even this high?

If u have nothing to hide why does it bothers u?? They complain cuz they always full of drugs or weed or guns or stolen items thats why its bothers them! I have nothing to hide and if this make this city more safe i dotn care even if they search me on daily base!