"Let's start that conversation by acknowledging we aren't going to deport the millions already here" - YOU DO NOT HAVE TO. Enforce existing laws that regulate employment, remove incentives that bring illegal immigrants here, and they will leave on their own.

That would only work if every state, county, and city would be on board, and they obviously aren't.  I'm on your side, Guest, but we have to deal with reality here.

Goes you show me that neither party represents me.

Enforce the immigration laws already on the books.

America seem to always give away freebies to people who do nothing, we did not ask these illegal aliens to come here, the employers who hired them should be in jail and or probation and pay big fines,,  for over 30 years America has looked the other way of the amount of illegals who are here, these illegals  cost the America people trillions of dollars, and now again the politicians what to give them something they did not earn, citizenship,Politicians , all of  them is killing American way of living,, when you already have everything written in Spanish and English and many Spanish radio and tv stations , you not that the amount of illegals  are not just 12 million but over 100 million, illegals are in every state per the millions, the genocide of the American people and they way of live will never be the same, expect 3rd world services, look at street, schools, highways, dirty city, cost of living and getting nothing for it, the only people having babies are ILLEGAL HISPANICS

Put Congress on a pathway back home

Stop the incentives for illegals to come here. Stop sanctuary cities, use e-verify, no automatic citizenship unless the parents are citizens.

rand just lost my support aswell as many other conservatives, He cannot  be elected president now, Big mistake!

Tell me Mr. Paul (and McCain) what do we do when the next 10-20 million invade the country? More amnesty?

As the Indians use to say; White man speak with fork tongue. Just like all ourPoliticians do, speak with fork tongue. They will do anything to gain power andcontrol.

Well, so long Rand Paul.There is no solution. Todays 11 million illegals will become tomorrow's 20 million if you grant amnesty. We might as well grant citizenship to EVERYONE in the developing world.

Good theory but Rand Paul is missing something. They can't be tax payers if there are no jobs and, thus no income to tax. If you think we have an abundance of jobs, go to the store and start checking out where everything is made. Start picking up random items through the store and look for the "made in" label.

Both party's are traitors.

I was considering you rand paul but this just sealed your fate with my vote.NO AMNESTY!

Ah, let's just make everyone E Q U A L and why stop there? How about a College Degree for everyone?

Do people still love Rand Paul now?

More destruction of the USA as politicians put party before country again.

DEPORT all ****ing 14 million of them ! This is a slap in the face of the people who wait and do it legally ! Why just not make it a free for all ? Comeon down !

You think the job market is tough now for AMERICANS, wait until they open a path to citizenship for the ILLEGALS, you ain't see nothin yet, our politicians do not have the AMERICANS best interest in mind, they ALL need to be FIRED!!!

Enforce the laws that are on the books please and everything will shake out as it should.allowing illegals to stay = never ending illegals to come.

Ha ha ha.....how 'bout that Tea Party now?? I guess "build the danged fence"  went to...hire the illegal once they cross over into our loving arms." ha ha ha

If the POTUS says they should do this, the GOP's take is that it will be bad for the country, no matter what. But now that they agree, it's a good thing. Such hypocrites in DC.Worst Congressional group of leaders EVER.

Rand Paul is too radical, like his dad.  He assumes everyone is like him.  We republicans have to have a wide tent.  We can not judge people by their economic, race, religion, etc.. Many Republicans rely on social security or other social programs to live.  Real republicans want every one to have a job if they can work.  We want our schools to be safe and turn out good citizens.  We want our federal government (president) to do what the constitution calls for, that is to protect the borders, protect the nation against foreign governments and regulate trade between states.  Education, social issues and all other things should be sent back to the states along with the money that it takes to run them.  A law that fits NY may not be necessary in Alabama.  States rights means that states should regulate everything in their states except what is set aside for the federal government in the constitution.

what about taking care of the actual citizens of the US first? illegals are taking our jobs, benefits and other resources. these politicians are catering to these law breakers so they can get their votes.

BS., Ran Paul i was w/you till this, this is bull its all about votes and you know it.This country has rules and we as Americans have to fellow, what the hell wrong w/them doing the same. Ask the people out here. who have been robbed and homes broken into, we know who"s doing it and it dam sure not Mr. Smith. its the gangs and illegals we let out of jail and across the border that we let back in.

Attention all "blacks".Try reading the testimony to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights."Illegal Immigration: The Impact on Wages and Employment of Black Workers"Jobs Jobs Jobs for legal residents not illegals.

By definition illegal immigrants are criminals. We are talking about giving the right to vote, a path to citizenship, access to all other benefits yet they are criminals. Why are we putting out the welcome mat for them? From the comments I have read on the numerous articles about immigration it's clear that many Americans do not agree with what the government is proposing yet they are plowing ahead anyway. Why aren't we deporting them? Where does it say in our current laws and statutes that it's okay to be an illegal immigrant? It doesn't and isn't, it's a crime to enter a country illegally.

So now the message is all you have to do is come here,even illegally,commit crimes and you will be rewarded with citizenship and all the benefits that come with it..break the law,cut in line,and we will reward you.

Although I find this funny watching tea baggers make a U-turn on this issue... I have to agree with Jeb Bush that it is wrong to make illegal immigration more attractive than legal immigration.  Granting Amnesty will not stem the flow.  We must STEM THE FLOW, this wasa major failure of the 1986 Immigration reform act.  Allowing them temporary legalized status and after a period of 10 years allow them to apply for permanent status should be all that they deserved for breaking the rules.  It sends a message to others that the illegal path is not the way to enter the US.Aww Rand you were doing so well up to now.  It was refreshing to see you act with morals and exhibit positive values but now that you want to reward criminal behavior I am afraid you are corrupted soon after a good start.

Just what this country needs is more criminals.  What are these people thinking.  Oh yes, election.

Rand Paul shows that he is willing to sell out his country if it benefits his personal agenda for personal gain in power and wealth.

He just shot himself in the #$%$, Not gonna deport huh? Great, that is only gonna encouragemore illegals to come here in the hopes of also getting amnesty. Why they always get it wrong? Illegal aliens are here illegally, Immigrants come here thru legal means...Verifying citizenship alone will cause plenty of illegals to leave on their own...

Rand Paul just killed his political career...I will NEVER vote for a person that wants to reward law breakers...  There are plenty of legal immigrants following the proper procedures that want to come to our nation.  We don't need those that ignore our laws...

Why is it I see no good comments about allowing illegals becoming American citizens?  But the politicians are pushing for it anyway?  Who's government is this? The people don't want immigration reform.  They want justice and enforcement of current laws.  You politicians are all useless malingering idiots.

he sold out.  To hell with the legal immigrants, just reward the law breakers(illegal immigrants).rand paul, you are no different than the rest of the #$%$ in washington.

WE the Legal American Citizens are own worst enemy by standing by &amp; watching our Government Take Our tax dollars to Legalize Illegal Activity&gt; ILLEGALS.     WE NEED TO GET PETITIONS ALL AROUND THIS COUNTRY STARTING TOMMORROW BE FOR ITS TO LATE&gt; FLOOD EVERYONE OF YOUR POLITICIAN PHONES &amp; LET THEM KNOW THAT YOU DO NOT WANT THEM TO LEGALIZE ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WITH OUR TAX DOLLARS &amp; THAT BEING THE 11 MILLION or ILLEGALS.

This Guy &amp; the  REST that are2 Face  ARE SELL OUTS. This is what happens when a certain %  Of American Citizens  put the wrong people in office.  Sense when is it right to make Illegal Legal???&gt;??????? Trillions of Dollars in debt &amp; they are more concerned about Illegal activity becoming LEGAL. These people are not working for the American LEGAL Citizens of the country, Their working for Illegal Law breakers= ILLEGALS.

So much for the vaunted Tea Party working for the American people. What a bunch of scam artists. The rednecks are liars and just as bad as the Democrats all the time and the Republicans most of the time.if Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell are the best Kentucky has to offer the Blue Grass state is in serious trouble

Votes first party second. Looks like the Republican party faithful have been fooled again.

I guess the Republicans want to continueto lose elections for the next 100 years!

Why have a border in the first place if you are just going to grant amnesty to all illegals?

The Flea Party needs a new spokesman.

All the Congress and The US Senate are working there pathway back in Office. They main focus is to get reelected. That is it nothing more. More Power-More Money- Reelection.

Sorry Randi,you just lost my vote.

So, tea party types - you say you have a hero in Rand Paul? The wind changes direction, and so does he. What's next on the Rand Paul dance card - approval for Affordable Health Care?

Talk about a 2 face

If someone sneaks across the border, they are a criminal. So now they want to give criminals citizenship but take away constitutional rights of citizens because of one or two nut cases that shoot a few people. If I were an illegal I'd be sneaking back across the border and saying "Forget it, this place is not worth the trouble. I was better off back in my own country."If that nut runs for Kentucky senator again he will find that the people of Kentucky will not tolerate an illegal alien (A)(S)(S) (S)(U)(C)(K)(E)(R)

Sell out.

There already are paths for immigrant citizenship.  This is a path for illegal immigrant citizenship.

Then he just lost my vote. I do not support AMNESTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Conform...Submit...and ...Obey

NO.  Illegals are criminals and criminals should not be allowed to become citizens.  They should be forced into hard labor by the states to pay for their fines and deportation.

You politicians are always looking out for your votes instead of the American citizens.  They say we need amnesty for these 50 million illegal invaders; then along comes the next 50 million demanding citizenship and on and on it goes while the true American citizens gets the shaft.  Our politicians steal our taxpayer monies by the hundreds of billions every year for these Mexican nationals while they tell our elderly to work till death because they plundered social security for the general operating fund.  These illegals are bringing their elderly and sick for SSI and every other social program.  These traitors need thrown in prison and the key tossed.

If you can beat em join em. Right Rand?

What a phony. Will say or do anything if it suits the moment.

11 million , that we know of , im sure the number is way higher of illegals in this country they all need to go back where ever they came from and if they want to be here then do it by the law, neither u nor I can do anything that is illegal and get away with it , why does our government allow someone from another country to do so . enforce the laws we have and use our own troops to patrol our borders , what part of that cain't they understand ?The only path that the illegal parasites need is an immediate and direct path out of the USA, never to return

USA is so bad a group of people with no rights can sue us in our own courts, and come out with more rights than we do.  YOu know what, Americans are cowards is why this is happening. Cant stand together

Rand Paul if you want to save face, YOU NEED to stand firm on whats in the law books  now. NOT whats wrong &gt;      That will not give you the votes from a Huge % of Americans that do not want another sell out.

Illegals DO have a path to citizenship--they always have. They just choose to ignore it. Now they are here in such large numbers, politicians are eager to give them a path to voting for them.

Just another treasonous traitor aiding a foreign invasion of the USA. Off with their heads! Enough is enough. We said no and they won't stop, so what else are we supposed to do?

Provided that the new immigration bill solves two problems, the first is the stopping of the entry into this country for the purposes of gaining citizenship later because we have to many to deport.   I do not care if it come in the form of making it a felony to attempt to work by using an unlawful Social Security Number where both the Employer and the person attempting to work will be fined and put in jail and the undocumented individual is deported.  Unless that problem is fixed then we are back again doing this same thing in 25 years.   If you are caught here with no papers then you go home a hearing and then shipped home.  No ROR must be held in jail until you are deported.  The second thing that must be cleaned up is the Kim Wong Ark Decision of 1898, which established that soil produces citizenship.  We are the laughing stock of the world, the other nations have set up tours for women to come to America to have there babies so they have US Citizenship.  It is wrong and in fact just plain stupid.If we are going to allow a path to citizenship for the undocumented individual that process must be very hard and expensive and with a date certain when you either have to complete the process or go home.

What about all the people who were here legally and have been paying taxes for years. Are they going to be thrown to the side in favor of all the ones who were illegal?

Legal immigration is totally a waste of time and money based on what's going on in this country. It's more humilating to wait in line as a legal immigrant, it makes you looking like a looser.Maybe congress should pass a law banning legal immigration !!!  or completely eliminate it.

Send them all back.

Join Numbers USA. They are for ENFORCING our immigration laws, lowering the work visas, anchor babies, mandatory use of e-verify, etc. They rate each candidate on immigration issues and they have free faxes that you can send to the White House, your Congress &amp; Representatives. It’s easy &amp; free, please join!!!Check out Numbers USA.Feel free to repostWe the people want the illegals to be deported !!!!

17 million unemployed US Citizens......Ran Paul now wants to throw 23 million illegals into the stew. ...and he claims to represent Patriotic Americans??

I would have thought he would take a hard line, but he knows that immigrants are leading the voting polls.... he has to be accepting or he simply will never be president..... Send illegals home.  Deport, deport, deport.

Maybe the 2016 Democratic ticket can be Christie-Paul.

STOP THIS MADNESSPEOPLE FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD WANT TO ENTER=DIVERSITY-and this country is becoming Northern Mexico alreadySPEAK UP AMERICANS!

Deport Rand Paul

NO other western country is tolerating Illegalaliens like the US is.For once Putin has it right:On February 4th, 2013, Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, addressed the Duma(Russian Parliament), and gave a speech about the tensions with minorities in Russia:"In Russia live Russians. Any minority, from anywhere, if it wants to live in Russia, to work and eat in Russia, should speak Russian, and should respect the Russian laws. If they prefer Shari'ya Law, then we advise them to go to those places where that's the state law. Russia does not need minorities. Minorities need Russia, and we will not grant them special privileges, or try to change our laws to fit their desires, no matter how loud they yell 'discrimination'. We better learn from the suicides of America, England, Holland and France, if we are to survive as a nation. The Russian customs and traditions are not compatible with the lack of culture or the primitive ways of most minorities. When this honorable legislative body thinks of creating new laws, it should have in mind the national interest first, observing that the minorities are not Russians.”The politicians in the Duma gave Putin a standing ovation for 5+ minutes!

he just lost my vote.

Tea-Tards duped yet again...Lmao!

Welcome to United States of Mexico, formerly know as America... Nothing good can come from this in long term, take a good long har look at Mexico and tell me I'm wrong.""Granting amnesty or legal status to illegals will generate costs in Medicare and Social Security alone of $2.5 trillion above any taxes paid in” Is Amnesty Worth A National Bankruptcy?"

The path should be to simply do it the right way. I am trying to get my Filipino fiancee here ... it is a 6-8 month process and thousands of dollars.  It should be no different for any immigrant. The drug cartels will just be able to control our government more and easier than they already do.

Must have been paid the right amount to flip. No surprise as all get there and become corrupt. Anyway TERM LIMITS anyone!

i would be ashamed to call myself a politician today

Another politician selling the taxpayers out.I can't figure out why politicians can't see their being here is breaking the law and they shouldn't be rewarded for doing so.

These Republicans are shooting themselves in the foot and falling for Obama's grand plan to garner more and more votes for the Democrats to take over the House and Senate.  Illegal aliens love Obama because he's offering them a free ride in America - food stamps, welfare, WIC and all kinds of other entitlements.  Who wouldn't go for a great deal like that for doing nothing?

Illegal immigration will never end in America. A nation without borders in no longer a nation. We will be a conquered people. And we did it to ourselves..

1/2 of the illegals already here DO NOT WANT CITIZENSHIP....they just want our money and to stay a Mexican Citizen.

wow. and here i thought republicans are against this . i'm not a dem or rep. and i have always said that BOTH parties are controlled by the same faction. this proves my point. TPTB want the illegal immigrants here and that's that.

Hey Ryan! What about securing the #$%$ border?Another pathetic Politician.

The path to citizenship starts in their home country.Go the Consolate of The United States of America and file an application for citizenship.Immigration is a very simple issue to understand.Those here illegally have NO loyality to The United States of America, our Flag, our Bill of Rights, our Constitution or our People.We already have to many LEGAL citizens out of work in this country suffering, with NO hope insite, now they want to add 11,000,000 (11 million) more. Where are these peoples minds and good judgement?My proposal would give all here illegally 2 months to self deport,starting June 15th, 2013. After that date, if you are here illegally you get 5 years manditory prison in solitary confinement. Then after your time is serve, then deported with NO entry for life, if caught each time the minumum stay in prison will be double the previous sentence.For example:1st time = 5 years2nd time = 10 years3rd time = 20 years4th time = 40 yearsFor those who do self deport,if they have any school records showing that they have been here 5 years or longer,can pass a background check and have NO criminal history. Then let those people file the appropriate paperwork, to come to this country and gain citizenship.Other than that,execute all illegals onsite as they are illegal foreign invaders and a possible terroristic threat. Have this done by Janet Napalitano and the Department of Homeland Security.Those here illegally have NO loyality to The United States of America, our Flag, our Bill of Rights, our Constitution or our People.FYI:We have illegals here in the United States of America that are of every Nationality, Race, Religon, Color, Age, Sex and sexual preference.So lets not have a "Pity Party" for the illegal mexicans.If you thumbs down or do not agree,please reply with your reason.

Guess it's time for Marco Rubio (FL, R-Sen) and Ted Cruz (TX, R-Sen) to get on the podium for Amnesty and Citizenship for ILLEGAL ALIENS.Good bye USA.  We will miss you.  It will never be the country I grew up in and once loved.  It has been destroyed by people who chose to ignore our laws and TAKE from hard working Americans.

Coast Guard stops a row boat with four mexicans in it. Ask them what there up to. They said we here to invade your country.  After the CG stops laughing, ask just the four of you.  NO NO Sinor the rest of them are already here.   Some food for thought.

If that is the case, then deny AUTOMATIC citizenship to those who give birth in this country when both parents are not US Citizens.NO MORE ANCHOR BABIES!

Rand Paul just lost my support for good.

Theres no friken jobs here stay were the hellyou are

Over the next 3 years, the press will push Rand Paul over and over again even though he has no chance to win the Presidency...Because as they learned with Ross Perot in 1992 and Ron Paul in 2012...  A split base means an opposition win.

I don't know about the rest of you but if the illegals are made to pay taxes and stop leaching off of govt. handouts, IM ALL FOR IT!!!

How about a path to deportationDeport them all then let them start the process that every other  imigrent has had to go through for all these years. Stop giving them MY tax dollars, while they don`t pay any taxes.

You can't talk THAT much without getting SOMETHING right.

Ryani&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Please Get a clue&gt;&gt; your  statement makes you the &gt;&gt;&gt; Illiterate. AND PLEASE DO NOT VOTE ...

Let's start the conversation by recognizing that I, nor 98% of your other 'honorable' and noble Representatives will do NOTHING which may interfere with the free flow of cheap labor which enhances the profits of those who put us in these positions of power! The 'gang of 8'  plan will secure the border, IMPROVE legal immigration #$%$) and BOOST workplace enforcement. How do you improve legal immigration and does the boost mean a ten dollar fine instead of five? He doesn't want to make a prospective employer a policeman or encumber them in any way, so he must not understand that the match of someone happy to work for some off the books cash and someone even happier to be able to employ in this manner is any factor in the influx of illegal aliens. The quicker these DC jerkoffs just open the border and declare Mexico the 51st state, the better! The amount of money we are throwing away on DHS/ICE/DEA/ATF and gun running will make it worthwhile.

Welfare 2 work -- Not illegals working Thier JOBS -- Senators - Help TAXPAYERS - We vote

------------------------------------STUDENTS Need jobs --------------------NOT illegals

i endorse a path back to the sh:thole country they came from

Its OK Mexicans don't vote Republican so this is all in vain. You give them what they want and they are still not going to vote for you.

All the politicians care about is getting elected-not for what this country needsThis is a travesty that is ruining the USA!

Again it happens. He came to us saying he understood American angst. Now he is at the top of the GOP and selling out. Thanks Rand, you just join the likes of McCain.ITS NOT the 11 million, it's the ANCHOR LITTERS

next up,he'll be telling the tea party to accept Obamacare:)LOL

Whaaaat?  Just less than six months ago, the repukes and teabaggers were wanting to shoot them at the border, use drones, minutemen groups were forming, now they are completely flip flopping?  What is it with these hypocrites?

Et tu, Rand?

Its such false "thrift" when they have so many anchor baby litters.  Total false "thrift", THAT'S where the unspeakable conversation should start .

if you were ordered deported in last 20 years and stayed, you get to be a citizen.  if you followed the law and departed, you have a ten year bar.i do not think the law should punish people for obeying it and reward those who trample on it.

Rand Paul thinks he's running for President in 2016...And to do so is trying to gain favor with the RINO's that currently run the Republican Party.The Tea Party created you...  And we can destroy you as well...  That's what happens when you ignore the people that put you where you are today...

Are there any patriots left in America?

ron paul sell out...YOU ARE FIRED!

Why do they need citizenship? They already get foodstamps, medical, HUD housing, welfare cash, free schooling, and they don't have to pay taxes!"Let's start that conversation by acknowledging we aren't going to deport" the millions already here - I got news for you Rand, that's how the conversation started about 15 years ago.. when they came up with the DREAM Act that you and your fellow Republicans have been against since Bush II exited badly.. Thanks for joining the conversation now, better late than never I guess.

Next he will endorse (A)(S)(S) (F)(U)(C)(K)(I)(N)(G) like Obama

This TRAITOR and TREASONIST has just los tseveral more votes.

I am all for getting rid of the family chain migration.  Immediate family only!  If you're single, you don't get to bring anyone.  I support letting in those with hi-tech and lower-tech skills.  Keep your grandparents, aunts/uncles/cousins/in-laws and married adult children back in the home country.

Google "Banished Veterans"   -   We do deport.  Even veterans.

Ted Cruz doesn't want to make people that came here illegally legal.

Most of those who have been here for any length of time has committed multiple felonies, therefore, they could not pass a background check.

First secure the border first. Then charge about $15,000 fine per person plus $1,000-$2,000 in fees for background checks per person another $1,000 for taking the citizenship test and $1000 for each Anchor Baby. For a green card charge about $7,500 fine per person and a $1,000 for background check and for the green card.We could get about $195-234 billon in fines and fees. They could serve in the military for 4-6 years and when they get a honorable discharge they get their citizenship.

It is a shame that the ONLY reason Paul and some of his party members are behind this is for future votes .Lord forbid  they do it because its the right thing to do!

Another conservative republican heading in the wrong direction....well he just lost another vote.....No -- Help OVER -----------2 Mil -- VETERANS out of Work- Senators - Deport at Business -----------------like -- shop -- truck -- construction -- manufacturing -- car - repair.. - its Time

Oops!Now the t'bagger hero will fall from grace.Wait for it...

this is not what white, black, native amercans, and most likely asians americans and even a healthy percentage of mexican americans want for this country.......big business/corporations want to adjust our compensation packages to slave wages, and the politicians, both parties, want to split this new voting block.....we, the people lose.......

Well, if the tea party wants to continue you have to come up with your own candidate and quick.  You are being sold out by your own party.

At least he is smart enough to know you can't win without a chunck of that minority slice.

Illegal Immigrants should be paying taxes just like us Americans.   Legal or NOT!   If we Americans who are legal pay taxes so should they.  That would cover pretty much what they spend in our hospital Emergency rooms, schools, medicaid for their born USA children.  Just make sure they have a legal Social Security number, not a stolen one!

Watch rand paul start pandering,  he is nothing but a HYPOCRITE

TAXPAYERS!...not citizens but taxpayers…these clowns just will never understand that they are talking about human beings not commodities …and the only reason they "outreach" is for themselves...sheesh!

Peeps, don't think about just the 11 million - REMEMBER THE ANCHORS .  Litter upon litter of SEDITION .

and to think I once toyed with the IDEA of voting for him for POTUS...NOT ANYMOREG.O.P. that's taking a tough stand on illegals....you and Rubio he wants to give them AMNESTY...what a bunch of bull

This is ALL about the almighty VOTE - nothing more, nothing less! What a pathetic bunch of lowlife, corrupt, LYING, "bought and paid for", pricks these politicians are, IMHO!!!

51% of illegal immigrants are on welfare. How much in taxes will they pay on that?

Needing to get MORE Latino vote??  This is SEDITION .

As a CITIZEN OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, if I break the law I do not get rewarded.  But they do, huh?  #$%$ YOU!

is rand paul turning into chuck schumer?  he seems to enjoy the limelight a little too much.  they say you should never come between chuck u schumer and a camera.

want to be a citizen.. ok.. fifty thousand..cash.. may not vote or receive anygovernment related benefits for ten years. children born while here areten thousand each for their documentation for citizenship, and becomecitizens at age eighteen, if there is a clean criminal record. so yeah.. its for salelike everything else in america. no fifty grand, no can stay. comprende? adiosthose without money. welcome those with ways and means. and send the ones in jailback to thier country of origin. and pay the going rate for encaration for thier doing thetime in their homeland.. we dont need to feed em..or hand out medical treatment.. jail islike vacation to some of these people. and it would reduce our criminal population by abunch.. viva america!!

This Guy looks like LARRY STORCH from F-Troop... If he wants people to listen to him maybe he should go get a hair cut...

Do we have a LEGAL path to citizenship ?

Well he is off my Christmas list.Another false alarm from the (Ayn)Rand Paul. we will tell people we are for Immigration Reform but everyone knows it will not pass so we can be a inclusive as we want

Why doesn't natural born American just move to another country, open the flood gates to American wealth to all who want to rape and rob us?The fight for Americanism will be over and we will have lost the war.  Say ba-bye to the American culture.

Apparently Republicans aren't quite ready for libertarianism. Too much acceptance of brown people for them.

NO TO IMMIGRATION REFORM!!! No to making lawbreaking ILLEGAL ALIENS CITIZENS. No to letting them stay in this country under any circumstances. They broke our laws the moment they crossed that border. And they have been breaking them everyday they are in this country ILLEGALLY. The fact is that most don't want to be legal because then they have to be responsible for their actions. If legal, they have to start paying taxes, paying for healthcare, paying for housing, paying for education. This does nothing good for the legal citizens of this country. It creates more competition for jobs, housing and healthcare. It will drive wages down and create tension across the country. And yes, it will create more crime even though these politicians won't admit to all these things. JUST SAY NO!!!

OK, Paul is supported by the Tea Party........Wasn't the Tea Party against "(?)Amnesty" just a few months ago?  Is that sound a "Flip Flop?"  Republicons and The Tea Party are going to be so liberal before long liberals will look "ultra conservative."

His inner libertarian is coming out...and I like it.  Why not make illegals into taxpayers.  They already get the benifits of lliving here, why not get the negatives too.  Immigrant haters are just xenophobes from another generation that is dying.  Don't forget, we were all immigrants.

This is funny... The tea baggers are having a hard time swallowing their crow on this issue.  Rand Paul doesn't look happy to embrace giving citizenship or AMNESTY to illegal immigrants.  His facial expression suggests he would rather get butt-penetrated by space aliens than to give Amnesty to illegal aliens.

Now the GOP has turned its back on the federal laws and upholding our Constitution regarding illegal immigrants.  The GOP is selling out the hard-working middle class for what?  GOP is not going to garner that many new Republicans with amnesty!

He just lost his Kentucky voters. Nobody around here has anything good to say about that traitor.

No he doesn't. This is a lie reported by the libtard media to make conservatives sour on Rand Paul.  Rand Paul talked about expanding the work visa program and having border security and enforcing the current laws.These republicans candidates are between a rock and a hard place.  They have to impress their Tea Party base to get through the primaries, and then they have to leave their base behind to get elected.  The GOP has sunk so low.

first portman endorses gay marriage then rand endorses immigration. this is the republicans becoming democrates to get elected

Say good night Rand! And goobbye!

Anyone read the news? Case being heard by the Supreme Court: Is Arizona's law forbidding illegal immigrants from voting, constitutional? Is this really open to debate?!!

Libertarians..they embrace immigration..liberty for all...

I think we all need to listen to a verse of Romney singing ...From the Mountains...to the Prairies..etc.

Yes... No Amnesty.Control the borders...DO NOT ALLOW ANYMORE ILLEGALS INTO THE COUNTRY!Find a proper and legal process for the current illegals residing in USA to become citizens...While you are at it, make sure to exile Nancy and Harry to AlcatrazHad it with the Left- Wing politicians who have been talking from all side of their mouths!  SoFitUp.

12 Months ago FOX and the GOP was screaming how Obama was dividing this country. Now they are doing everything he suggested. WOW!!

Well, another GOP presidential-contender bites the dust ---- as far as I am concerned anyway.   No person who supports "SCAMNESTY on American CITIZENS" will EVER get my vote or campaign contribution.   To offer citizenship to those who have deliberately invaded America and demanded "rights" and "privileges" is to spit in the eye of the law-abiding.  For shame, Rand Paul.

It's interesting to see Rand Paul becoming the Republican sweetheart. Another wackadoodle. Republicans are under some bizarre impression that they will get more votes by becoming more right wing.WOW when Obama said something similar he was divinding this country all the GOP said. NOW they have a plan to do the same that Obama siggested 2 years ago. Imagine if this was done two years we would have one less issue to deal with.

What a tool.

Wake-up call for White House and our leaders of the country. Because they illegal aliens are producing babies like rabbits at a speed of geometric progression; whereas our economy is moving at rate of arthmatic progression. Then how our econmy are able to handle this situation. 100 percent are depends on our social welfare. Our tax payers are tired to feed them and their anchor babies. How long we are going to afford....

All for thirty pieces of silver.

"...we aren't going to deport" the millions already here, the potential 2016 presidential candidate told the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce."The Justice Department Has A Law Which PROHIBITS Citizens From Aiding And Abetting Illegal Immigrants, But The Zionist Infiltrated And Controlled US Congress Has OBVIOUSLY Decided Not To Require The JD To Enforce THAT Law.   The Sole Reason There Are MILLIONS Of EMPLOYED Illegal Immigrants With Drivers Licenses, Bank Accounts, Food Stamps, Section 8 Housing; And MILLIONS Of Other UNEMPLOYED Illegal Immigrants Receiving Welfare, Food Stamps, SSI And Medicare.

F*** Rand Paul. F*** the GOP. F*** the democrats and f*** everyone who wants to betray the country with immigration "reform."

NOT the 11 million -- MIND THE ANCHOR LITTER AVALANCHE!!!

After 400 years of conquering Native Americans, cutting down the virgin forests, polluting the clear lakes and rivers, blowing away the topsoil, draining the aquifers, strip-mining the mountainsides, and crisscrossing the landscape with railroads, highways, power-lines and housing developments, it’s time to stand up and say “Gee, we better build a fence before anyone else gets here!” LOL

Chief Teabagger Senators, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio are already on board. The President should have the legislation on his desk (with a path to citizenship) by the end of April.

Who cares what this Podunk from the sticks approves, he has no power to put the program into action.Got to love politicians,always looking out for America...

RINO

Does Rand look ready to burst into tears ?

Mr. Rand Paul Doesn't look too happy in this picture , endorsing this nonsense, By the Way, Its not You to decide , Its the American Citizens that should have the Last word on this issue, MHO

no there should be no way for theme to become us citizens ,they jump the line of thosewho waited there turn to come here the right way

Mass immigration harlots cry they "can not round up millions of illegals".So, what are they going to do when millions of US Citizens Tax revolt?

Wow!  Another Rino, another Republican sell out.

The US might as well absorbe Mexico and rebuild it... then the Mexicans will want to move back.

It is always about the money!  Principals and law never seem to quite come into play. It is like living on the side of a sandy slope and watching the changes take place every day.

They have already commited illegal imigration in a Country where citizens cannot walk away from crime! We no longer have any respect for Laws that are pick and choose, and citizens loose to Law breakers! I do see the situation Obama has created to be voted in as US President by another Country-Romney 61 milliom votes/Obama 66 million votes- 11 million of them illegal!!!  The fraud election put us in this mess!! We have to handle this ,So lets go through with it and be smart at the same time! If any illegal commits the smallest of crimes other then a parking ticket or speeding ticket not repeted over and over,before citizenship, they must be deported for not obeying our Laws! And those who commited crimes Obama let go need to be found and deported! Why he didn"t let citizens go who are not guilty of invading our country instead, Shows us not to leave anything to Obama, He is an Enemy to us and the USA!!!Another sell-out so he can get the big PAC money.  What a POS, much like Obama.

I was cheering Rand Paul for his CPAC speech but now I see that was just a bunch of political hooey.  Anyone who allows lawbreakers a free ride is an enemy to me.  I will not vote Democrat for any reason but I certainly won't vote for Rand Paul.

A couple months ago they told us the Tea Party was dead...

Rand Paul endorses immigrants bathing before citizenship

Where are the mexicans going to run off to when they turn the US into a 3rd world sh.t hole?

Rand Paul is not a Republican Conservative as he claims. He is a Libertarian who ran on the Republican Party line.

TOO MANY RAISED WHITE FLAGS, from the GOP'S RINOS means that it is a sign of PARTY'S WEAKNESS from within. a party divided will FALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.

i have NEVER begrudged giving aid (money) to my fellow americans in need. i am even happy to help those in other countries if i can afford to. however, i am absolutely against giving money, etc. to illegals. we have too many of our own people who are destitute and without hope of jobs and this moron (Paul) is deciding it's ok to take care of people who can't even cross our borders legally. shame on DC for destroying this once great nation.

Wow, quite the xenophobes in this comments section. I didn't know so many Republicans liked big, aggressive government.  Wait...yes I did, that's why I became a libertarian.

""Let's start that conversation by acknowledging we aren't going to deport" the millions already here, "   That one line of the article says it all. Considering that 70% of hispanics vote democratic and nothing will change this, the republicans are toast as a viable political party.It's about time you woke up &amp; read the tea leaves!

Leave it up to OUR Government to turn this Country Into "4th" world Country&gt;

It is so much fun watching the Republicans backpedal on immigration reform until they fall off their TeaBicycles.

The Republicans are in a hurry to get this immigration bill "done."  They know they can't touch immigration in 2014. After that it is dead on arrival until 2017. So, by process of elimination the GOP has to get it out in 2013 before the Teabaggers can put a stop to it. Even teabagger members of Congress know the reality of immigration reform.

Cut the freebee's and they will self deport. Enforce the laws and that's our new immigration policy.

Looks like the republicans are finally learning that you can not have an all white America.  Welcome to the 21st century.  What's next, you are going to back equal rights for gays to allow them to marry?

LOLLLLLLLL oh my 8 months ago during the GOP debates was lets lock them up, deport, execute, chain them, etc...

some of the die hard neo-cons think this is a plot by the DEms to disgrace Rand...no he's doing that himself...hilarious..

"Mongo just a pawn in the game of life "....

The only “pathway” the illegal immigrants need to be shown is the same one they used to get here in the first place. Four things that will cure the illegal problem……1. For those hiring illegal’s, a fine of an amount equal to one year’s gross income.2. Reform immigration laws that will allow an expedited legal immigration as needed.3. Strict border control.4. Proof of citizenship in order to obtain any government assistance of any kind.I feel sorry for those who are doing the right thing and trying to immigrate here legally.  These morons who are allowing line jumpers to get ahead are doing them a great disservice.  This country was made great by legal immigration, too bad we are letting those that cut the line and sneak in get ahead of the legal immigrants.

The first thing we need to do is secure the boarder.  No President, no Congress has done this.  So before we talk about reform we should talk about deFENCE!  LOL!

The GOP should never have run this TP scam. Remember the days when they were saying they had nothing to do with the republican party. That was lie number one, told by the Koch Brothers, now those chickens have come home and its obvious what they were all along. Too bad for the voters who that it was really "grass roots"

I keep saying the GOP is dammed if they pass it and dammed if they don't . If they vote to pass Immigration tea party Voters are going to hate them . And if they don't vote for Immigration voters that they want to win over will hate them . But it doesn't matter either way our plan is to divide and conquer . Texas will be the next RED state to turn BLUE , then Florida . And then a Mexican in the White House ....

I used to think the republicans had to get rid of the tea party loonies. Now I think the tea party needs to separate its sane members from the loonies and join the rest of us in a rational debate.

The "Freedom to Farm Act" in 1996 attempted to bring more free-marketinfluences to some commodities, prompting critics to charge that the Republican-led Congress was "phasing out" farm programs.The last decade has seen expansions in farm programs, including extended direct and countercyclical payments to additional crops, including soybeans and other oilseeds, and new spending on ethanol and food stampswithout massive Western subsidization, much more of the global food supply would be grown locally.Instead, we have the Western Agriculture Model. Countless millions of small farmers bankrupted, and doomed to poverty and/or slavery. Insane/dangerous over-concentration of agricultural production in Western (corporate) agricultural production.Through the years, farm subsidies have been seen as doing more harm than good.

I wonder if this hillbilly is related to Ru Paul.

we should have a 3rd big party which is against amnesty and illegal immigration. The majority of Americans opposes it as well.. The Dems and Reps don't represent us.

If you want to avoid illegal immigration, you have to start by forcing farmers to pay decent wages, so that Americans will want to work picking vegetables. Sure, we would have to pay $50 for a little box of strawberries, but I am sure we would be happy to at least not have people speaking Spanish within us.

As on contributor noted, neither party represents him.The people in Washington could care LESS what the citizens that elected them want, they all have their own agenda and spend 3/4 of the time in office working to get re-elected.... NOT working on the people's business.George Washington's original ideal was that people in office came from common folk and could not be lawyers, they would serve 1 term and go back to their previous occupation and could not run for office again.  Lawyers have corrupted everything.I hate to say this about the country I love but we are so screwed.... things are only going to get worse for us *all*.Already Campaigning For 2016.  Pathetic!

LOL  You can only be a US Citizen through Naturalization or by joining the Military.This is just another scam to give people fraud ID and tax them. But what would comy America know about freedom.

Sorry Rand. Bad call. The Tea Baggers and Republican Party will toss you like a dirty wash rag. Your Party only allows billionaires and millionaires. That's how they get re-elected.

Don't hold criminals accountable for thier actions. Put the rights of illegal aliens ahead of legal citizens. The US government is disgusting.

AHA, SOOO ,, now they are not Illegal Immigrants ?! they are future US TAX Payers, THey didn't pay any taxes till now , what makes you think they will in the future, Ask Any Illegal ,, He/She will tell you that , USA is the best country to Live , But Illegally Is the Best Way,, And Will they be Required to pay all the back taxes , penalties and interest ??? Looks to me that both parties are trying and competing to be a SUGAR DADDIES for all the Future tax payers ??!!MHO.

F U rand paul.  why r u giiving america away.  send them back without the legal possibility of coming back legally.  there are enough honest people tring to get here.  give the legalimmigrants the benifits

The sellout of American citizens continues.  Too many law breakers in this country who can and should be deported.  When people knowingly break laws and sneak into another country they shouldn't have any rights in the country they invaded.  Scr*w compassion for illegals, prudence and thrift towards illegals, Rand, and show some compassion, prudence, thrift and support for your fellow countrymen.  According to Republicans, this country is in poor financial shape with everyone looking to cut medicare and social security and many other programs for LEGAL citizens.  Democrats want to raise taxes to pay for their growing wish list of dependency services, to stay in power.  What makes our representatives think that allowing all these criminals to stay will help solve the debt and deficit and maintain the quality of life, jobs, services for citizens, whom they were elected to serve.

Would like to thank Rand Paul for making this statement now, while I still have the chance to vote against him in the primaries. NO Compromise!!!

It's funny seeing republicans acting like Democrats

Good job Senator Paul, you just shot yourself in the foot.  I guess the apple did fall far from the tree.Who does this idiots hair lol straight from the trailer park

Rand Paul gets dumped like Chris Christie.Conservatives prefer staunch idealogues like, lets say A-dolf H i tler, or Moosolini.

No United States Of Mexico.

To quote Rand Paul "I am a conservative politician. I don't like big government, yet I gave up being a doctor to spend my entire life on the government payroll. I can fix things, but I cannot agree with anyone even my own party on how , blah blah blah. Immigration ,terrorists blah blah blah, blame Obama. Cut taxes, spend more on the military, blah blah blah blame Obama. No budget tax cuts blah blah blah blame the Democrats and the liberal press. Blah blah blah , blame someone."

the government should pay 50 bucks for every mexican scalp. The problem would end today.

The Republican party seems to be falling apart from within. What is the Republican Party's message? Because to me it seems all over the place, some are for this, others are for that, while others are for nothing at all.

I'm sure those IllEGAL  immigrants just can't wait to start paying taxes.  and get off of food stamps, free medical care, welfare, how quaint. get them to pay taxes as the first step to becoming US citizins.  I've heard some silly stuff come out of our leaders but this one takes the cake.

These aholes will really do anything to stay in office.

Belize require it's new citizens to show proof of a minimum $25K annual income prior to applying for citizenship and there are a number of fees required. The illegals here, both male and females, could do this by serving a minimum two years in the U.S. military (without being issued weapons) and selling their anchor babies to the Arabs. If they do these things, along with killing a white shark with a pen knife, I'd say that they should be allowed to pay the $10,000 administrative fee to begin the immigration process. Fair is fair.

"Adapt or Dye"?Are we going to hear about every little thing that Rand Paul thinks or says.  We are not even six months from the last election and all you keep hearing is what Rand Paul says.  I say, who cares.

Yea, sure he wants them to get citizenship, they are voters and he wants every vote he can get! LOL

It is to bad neither party cares about the American worker.

So much compassion for illegal aliens, but none for the law-abiding American taxpayer. Pathetic.

They still don't get it. It's not that their ideas weren't explained well enough. It's that their ideas are wrong. Here are a couple of suggestions(that I am certain will go "unheard").1. Distance yourselves from the evangelicals. The country is becoming less religious and less tolerant of the ignorance and bigotry that so often follows it.2. Give up on supply side economics. It has been long since proved to be an abject failure.3. Advocate for a reasonably sized military. When we spend more than EVERY other country combined, it's time to severely downsize.4. Lighten up on anti choice planks. I think abortions are a horrible thing, but I do not have the right to enforce that idea on anyone else.5. Drop the NRA like a hot rock. It's going to happen eventually, might as well capture the fence sitters in the mean time.Sincerely, An American Independent.

by next year the republikans will say that spanish must be included in all government forms. if they keep on kissing butt, we will start a new party.

It is both entertaining and enjoyable to watch the disintegration of the GOP. A bigger group of ignorant bigots hasn't existed since the days of the clan.

Beware Rand Paul supporters this is your first indication that he isn't going to look out for your AMERICAN rights after he gets your vote.

Traitor. I will not spend even a penny anymore for Republicans. I'm sure these illegal rats will give republican fools all the money they need. But I do not believe that they will need any money as their will be no republicans in the government very soon.

"those who work for reform must understand that a real solution must ensure that our borders are secure," Paul said.Yeah, that is what they said when Reagan signed the amnesty in the 80's and it never happened. By not securing the borders over all these years the republicans have signed their own death warrant. Now they refuse to even discuss deporting them and since 70% of hispanic vote democrat and always will, the republicans are dead as a political party long term."Acknowledge we can't deport them?" Seriously? So the U.S. should apparently get used to the idea of becoming a colony for whomever decides to come here? So we have no problem spending trillions on foreign wars or to bail out banks, but we can't spend a few billion to deport illegal foreign invaders that exploit our borders, disregard our sovereignty and break a myriad of laws? The American people acknowledge that our politicians have no spine and apparently have as much regard for sovereign law as illegal aliens.

I stood with Rand during his 13hr filibuster because I thought he was standing up for my Constitution, but what good is it to stand for one Law Of The Land, if you trample another?

How do the tea-partiers now feel about Rand Paul, when he wants to amnesty tens of millions of poor, uneducated illegals, all of whom will support budget-busting big government programs?

Disgusting; why do the rest of us have to follow the law?

i like the old republican message lets fry them illegals, and get our jobs back... paul needs to stop acting like a liberal.

So what will the bigots turn to if the RNC gets its way and the Republican Party supports immigration reform and gay marriage? I mean cpac just got through telling gay Republicans to stay out of their conference. If they accept tax reform they might even get a few more votes. But not Ryan who keeps advancing a budget that keeps te taxes from the health care law but denies the health care it is to pay for.

LOL

The Ronald Reagan pathway to citizenship will be used again (gave them all citizenship) because it means millions of votes for the givers.  So, that said, why not simply open up the border and get rid of the border patrol, it could save a lot of money for us.

close the boarders down and let the boarder patrol do there job and if that means shooting them then so be it enough is enough we need to vote everyone out of office whos in there now starting with mayors all the way up to the prez

I got an idea, absurd as it may be.... How about pandering to AMERICAN CITIZENS!Think about it people they give them citizenship they give our enemies millions planes tanks and god knows what else all while the peoples house is closed there selling Americans out and we can't stop it we'll be the illegals THIS IS SERIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

NO #$%$ ILLEGALS!!!!  What is so hard to understand about that?  Start listening to those paying your salary you brain-dead politicians.

Ashley Judd has them all running scared in Kentucky...lol

Good job screwing the pooch, Rand.Anybody who's been around for any length of time fully expected you to be just another pol.Some white hope.

He said what????I thought he as a TEA Party guy???Is there anyone left that represents the TEA Party????

Yep now that he is considered a possible GOP 2016 presidential candidate watch him flip/flop for votes. Next he will be kissing black babies.

RAND -- WHY are you railroading Obama's cause??

Stupid Republicans, give 11 million illegals amnesty, 9 million will become Democratic and vote that way and there are not enough conservatives to make up the votes, then the progressives will really have a free hand!

hmmmmmm this is what Obama suggested 2 YEARS ago. ANd every GOP said Obama was dividing this country. LMAOOOOO

Why are we spending trillions on border patrol?  Let's just open the borders &amp; allow the Chinese &amp; Russian in too.  Once they get here they can vote to make us a communist country. Stupid, stupid, stupid, politicians!Rand Paul is right. We all need to think and consider that many of the kids our kids go to school with, play video games with, play on the youth sports teams with &amp; have over for sleep overs are some of the kids that will benefit from Immigration reform. It is simply not logical or feasible to believe we can round all the illegals here up and ship them out. Secure the borders FIRST then set a 2 year registration for all here now. After that any caught here that either refused to register or caught after the borders are secured are deported within 24 hours.Problem solved.

The only citizenship that we need to back is one straight back to mexico for these  AMERICAN tax burden locust!

HE MAKES ME  PUKE!!   A SELL OUT FOR VOTES. DO NOT SIGN ANY OF HIS PETITION THEIR ALL CAVING ITO ANY THING &amp; EVERY THING FOR THE STINKIN VOTES&gt; HILLARY CAN GET IN LINE ALSO WITHTHE2 FACE ONES.  SICKkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!

Rand is the GOP's brand for tomorrow.This a great first step.Sure miss his Dad.He's got to be so proud.Libertarianism beats in every Republican heart.

Sure bet them teabagers are not happy about the turncoat

if you are a Gay Immigrant  in America       youv'e  got it made .....

I am a democrat, but I believe  Rand Paul is more intelligent than most in the senate. Poor old mr.Reid is senile !

90% of the people hiring illegals are Mexicans themselves.  We need to send ruse illegals into their businesses, who will tell them under the watchful eye of a hidden camera that they are illegal and then see what happens.  At the same time, the penalty for knowingly hiring an illegal needs to be made a felony, with 100% forfeiture of all assets, business, real estate or otherwise - possible a death sentence.  Two birds with one stone!

white house are real #$%$.

Rand must stand for Random.You'd think the GOP would do what they do best...........think of a 'money-making' deal to make this work...........

Paul's 47% speech.

Maybe he's taking a page out of the Democrats playbook... say anything to get elected. Once in office, do as you really want.

We have laws on the books already...the point of these illegals contributing to the tax base is obsurd...ENFORCE THE LAWS WE ALREADY HAVE!!!!!I have one of the filthy illegals living next to me,yard is always trashed,police are there 3-4 times a week for domestic disturbances,the house is now run down hurting property values,pays no taxes at all,(even boasts about it),has been in jail for petty and felony theft,free school for his kids,medical care and subsidies to even have the house!!!!!I'm seeing what this mess out mis-representatives are creating!!!IT'S JUST FRIGGIN' WRONG PERIOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Should amnesty be given to illegals as a last resort, congress better include as part of the terms that these individuals will not be eligible to vote for at least 25 years. If the Republicans vary form this term, they might as well shut down the republican party.

Oooops!  The "kiss of death" to this "showboat".  Oh well, I'm sure they'll find some other loon to take his place.  The repuKKKes are full of them.

RAND PAUL...A Vote for Illegals is a Vote against Americans....This Idiots needs to be kicked out of American politics..He like Obummer is agaonst America.

We have immigration laws, but the powers-that-be have refused to enforce them. We don't need immigration reform, we need someone in the WH who isn't aiding and abetting criminals for breaking the law of the land. Obama and Eric Holder is where the blame lies.

cant find one that right there all liberals #$%$, go figure

Well, thats the end of Rand Paul's run at the White house. He will be severely chastised by the Tea Party and they will mount an offensive against him from the right in the next primaries, not only will he never be president now, but he may not even be a Senator soon. LOL, you've got to love these pin heads. If brains were cotton they wouldnt have enough collectively to make a Kotex for a pizz ant.He's got no choice but to cater to the immigrants if the republicans are ever going to win back the White House.  Hell, with all the liberal pandering going on the republicans have a lot of catching up to do.

This makes him even better in my eyes.

He's got my vote.

RAND 2016!

RAND 2016!

He won the CPAC straw pole - Crazy People Acting Crazy!!!

Of course Rand Paul is slippery... He's from KY!

DEPORT'NALLN'PAUL?  No exception!  AUSNZ? Austrailia and her neighbor New Zealand do not want you the American citizen to come and immigrate to their country unless you have $250,000.00 cash money to invest in their economy or generally under the age median age and can prove a need to their existence, i.e. critical skill. Woundn't you think our country should assert it's sovereign rights over illegal aliens? Duh? Why does our country need immigration reform in the first place?  Why not enforce immigration and protect us against alien invasions?

Yahoo, could you have found a picture with a more beat down expression on his face?

Our Politicians are stupid and they all have forked tonques.  Paul is just looking for votes and does not care about our Country.employers should check the status of each employee....its responsible...even now if an employer is required to do a back ground check for a specific job such as a teacher does that make them the police? its prudent

now even the Messiah of the Baggers realizes hatred of the brown-skinned will eventually cost him an election.

As an immigrant myself, I wholly agree on immigrant having a pathway to residence/citizenship.  I do know, however, that the job-market is such that doesn't allow to employ them, thus government asistance furthermore, per current administration's agenda.  Seems there is no winning here.

ILLEGALS!!! Grasp the concept!!!!!

the GOP will not be here in 2016.

Anyone,(under the law),who comes here as an illegal,is justified invasion of our soil,everyone is on the terriorist game and don't want them in our country,but our southern border is not even close to being secure...ANSWER ON THAT ONE WASHINGTON DC!!!!

Hear that flushing sound? That's Rand's political future going down the toilet.

looks like Mr. Paul wants to be leader of the party of the Rich and manipulated &amp; ignorant poor. He must have changed his mind during the 13 hour he could not pee while talking on the senate floor. "If I keep saying &amp; doing things they will like me mother"..lol

i wont read any more of his emails

i hope your children are proud of you giving their country away.  they are the ones who willreally pay for this.liberal writer, correction he only endorses it if they secure the boarders first.  He said without secure borders any system will be a waste because the problem will only continue.....  Why did you not report that part???  That is right, you #$%$ biased liberal!!!

Before Ayn Paul would endorse this he needed the okay on his racist dad's glue-on eyebrow toupees.

Just as long as they ain't black and not ordering a ham salad sandwich at Woolworth's lunch counter, hey, Ayn Paul?

I don't begrudge anyone the chance at making a better life for their families.  I don't even begrudge someone who came into this country by "alternate means."  But can we please trade the hard-working ones for some of these shiftless, entitlement-minded Americans?  We can send welfare queens and the ghetto-fabulous to Mexico in exchange for them.  I'm down with that.

Rand Paul will say what ever it takes to win elections. Even if it's not true.

DEMOCRATS BUILT THIS.corrupt/insane agriculture policies.The obvious example is ethanol, where the ridiculously excessive ethanol subsidies mean that the U.S. currently wastes roughly 40% of its annual corn crop producing the world’s most-inefficient (and most heavily-subsidized) bio fuel. Put another way, insane U.S. government ethanol policies by themselves waste more than 10% of total, global corn production.

who is rand paul

who is rand paul and HANG JOHN GALT

This guy just sealed his fate for being re-elected.  NO AMNESTY.  Stop selling America for votes.  #$%$ is so hard to understand!!!!!!!!!!!

Hahahaha!!!! Even #$%$ Rand is embracing illegals!!! I thought it was only liberals, democrats, who "catered" to illegals.....Love it! You conservatives fall in with these guys and they blow your stupid azzes up with something like this. The impending death of the Republican party. You will soon be like the Whig party. Go look it up morons.

So what else is new?  Rand Paul is a "libertarian" who ran on the Republican ticket. He is NOT a Conservative.

Rand Paul must come from a district with a huge population of illegal foreign invaders providing donations for his re-election campaign. What a loser.

Sir, whatever office you run for in the future, you have just lost my vote. You have just delivered a profound blow to your political future. Illegal is illegal. What is so damn difficult to understand about that statement?

Libertarians have infiltrated the Republican party and are destroying it from within.  I'm not sure which is worse... the far right religious extremists, or the Libertarian conspiracy nuts.  The GOP has it's hands full trying to figure out how to silence the nutjobs they've been pandering to.

GOP's Big Tent of Hate is fracturing into a bunch of Hate Boutiques, all at war with each other.

Betrayed by the last almost conservative politician in congress. Why can't they understand that we don't want any reward for the illegals?

Every American citizen should claim 9 dependents on their w-4. Then, do not file at the end of the year. No more speed limits, drink and drive,rape everyone you see, do and sell drugs, rob banks, ........if the Mexicans can break our "laws" then by GOD we should be able to also.

LOL.  A country educated  to be stupid.  You're going to be poor or in prison for the rest of your DUMB lives.

If you don't stop new illegals from crossing, giving the ones that are here a deal will just encourage floods of more to come. Reagan did that 30 years ago and look what it got us.Sounds like someone is attempting to position himself as a moderate for a Presidential run.  He doesn't really care about Latinos (except like most Southerners who like their cheap labor), but when has insincerity ever affected a politician?

Let's remember, Rand is NOT Ron Paul.  He is getting to sound more modern every week.  If he can avoid catching "Curmudgeon's Disease', he may make a fine candidate.  Let's see.

Make it a felony to be an illegal alien subject to the death penalty. Execute all 20 million of the freeloaders and their American traitor supporters!

Of course he does he's looking for votes.  Beware immigrants he's just another republican phony.

I hesitate to endorse ANY politician... however, Rand Paul sees eye to eye with me on more things than any politician in the past few decades.

"We will say anything to stop losing national elections." ~ GOP

"We keep getting our @sses handed to us, so hey, here's an idea...lets give the liberals 10,000,000 instant voters"- #$%$ Republican Strategists

wasn't this guy the GOP's prize, YESTERDAY...  LOL.

All people of different races, go look up these fakes and see how they voted on this issues before they found out they need your vote to ever get a chance at a White House seat.Rand voted down reform, until he needed you..... now it is I support this or that, but what happens after an elections tells you want happens and it is not what you voted them into office for..Good Example Republicans stated run on jobs, promise jobs, promise working on jobs once elected they worked on Woman's vagina's not jobs except to state give job creators more tax cuts...../

( Connie W  •OK - anyone who is an illegal immigrant, either came into this county illegally or overstayed their visa, can come out of the shadows, and obtain legal status and stay as long as they like. BUT, BUT, they can NEVER become a US citizen unless they return to their country of origin and get in line. Otherwise, their legal status will be something less than full citizenship, and as a result, they will NEVER be allowed to vote.What's wrong with that? They can stay, they won't have to worry about deportation. They can work openly and pay taxes, their kids can even get in-state tuition. They just can't tip the elections with their votes. They jumped line, broke our laws, and they should not be allowed to vote or become full-fledged citizens.The only reason Democrats want to grant citizenship to illegals is because they believe the overwhelming numbers of Hispanic illegals would all become Democratic voters and create a permanent majority.)WOW Connie are these Democrat Presidents, I know you want to give the Democrats GW Bush but you keep himPresident Ronald Reagan signed that bill into law with great fanfare amid promises that it would grant legal status to illegal immigrants, crack down on employers who hired illegal workers and secure the border once and for all. President Ronald Reagan approved this "path to citizenship" amnesty in 1986.GW Bush proposed sweeping legislation that would include a guest worker program, path to citizenship, and increased border security.Paul, like so many others have come to the realization that turning this issue around is like trying to slow down a dam break with a dixie cup. It's gotten too far out of hand now to even think of trying to change it, and that's a shame. Going forward the only way to stop the bleeding is to enforce the borders and I really don't see that happening any time soon in our current political climate. Good luck trying to get these people to actually pay taxes.

@###hole!

Paul and McCain are idiots like the rest of the GOP who thinks courting illegals is a great way to get those Hispanic votes.  The problem is MOST of the Hispanics in the US are here legally and have been for several generations.  WE don't want illegals just waltzing in to scoop up citizenship after breaking the law to get here.  You're going to ignore OUR voting power and you'll be sorry.  We're not ALL illegals you dorks.  Get these people back to their own nation and if they want a "shot at citizenship" they can start there.

He looks thrilled.

For the life of me - I do not know why the American people keep voting these clowns in. In talking about  both Republicans and Democrats.  Get new people in there that makes a difference that has our interest as well as the country's interest  instead of their pockets.  It is not their fault it is ours for keeping them in.  SO WHAT ARE GOING TO DO ABOUT IT PEOPLE.

they are illegal send them back, let them apply for citizenship the rite way and welcome them to the united states of america.

Hey Rand, Thanks for the "heads up" on the total failure of the Republican Party.  I can now officially throw in the towel and join the majority in DOING NOTHING for this country.

Just when he saw a path to the presidency he lost his way! Just another opportunistic politician, not the patriot we so desperately need.

What dont they understand about the word illegal ???? NO TO AMNESTY!!!!! Its not fair to the people who come to the US the legal way.

Rand Paul is another traitor to this country.  All of these politicians took an oath to uphold the laws of this country and they are all backpedaling now for the God almighty vote which apparently means more to them than upholding the laws of this country.this picture looks like he is ashamed of this statement before he made it

If you cant beat them, join them. -  Rand PaulThat is how I see Rand Paul with his thoughts.

Treason.

The pathway to U.S. Citizenship is and has always been in place, there has always been a law for that and for your information it is called "I&amp;NS LAW, All the government has to do is ENFORCE THE LAW! The math kis simple, 12 Million Illegal aliens out, 12 Million Jobs open for our U.S. citizens and Legal Resident Aliens. Less spending for our government in trying to supply those who have no right to obtain any type of benefit. And for sure, let those inspiring immigrants who did knock at our door to immigrate first, they have waited in their country long enough. WAKE UP POLITICIAN OF THE U.S.! We don't need new immigration laws, ENFORCE THE LAWS YOU ALREADY HAVE ENFORCE THEM

The Bible says "Whoever gives to the poor will not want, but he who hides his eyes will get many a curse". Not to mention “When a stranger sojourns with you in your land, you shall not do him wrong. You shall treat the stranger who sojourns with you as the native among you, and you shall love him as yourself". The USA being such a Christian nation should think about doing right by these people who come here seeking to work hard. They are not evil and they are not criminals.

how many times are they going to give people that can hear illegally citizenship!!! reagan did it and they keep coming and taking

LOL He's hoping to buy the Latino vote, always amusing when Cons go Lib.

Date your own race like a beast.

Republicans realized they need the Hispanic vote to win. It's so obvious that is why they are changing gears.  What is new?  wherever the votes are.

As long as the Republicans dont know the difference in Medicare and Medicaid...they are doomed to second Place..  Social Security is not Welfare....Old People Vote..you better find another place to cut..Religion has done a masterful job of turning much of this country into a bunch of ignorant bigots.Nice work, Christianity.

The republicans never would get serious about securing the border, they never really pushed the issue. Now they have all these hispanics in the country which they refuse to deport who 70% vote for democrats. So the republicans are done long term all because they never had the internal fortitude to secure the border.

Good, he wants to be part of the solution on immigration. Now if only he wanted to be part of the solution on the budget, poverty, and public education.

Go AWAY Rand

Come back Sarah Palin, its obvious,  our country needs someone who doesn't mind standing up for America.

Still the Party of Cheney, Palin, Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, FOX News, all the posturing will still end up being a Party angry old white men.

The people in Washington DC get to pick and choose what laws are enforced so I guess the rest of us should get to pick and choose what laws we feel like we should obey.

Rand Paul for president

The Terrorists Embed in American(tea) party is Flip----Flop---Flip---Flopping !They will Flop again in 2016 !

Now we get to sit back and watch the GOP implode.It's gonna be a great show!"Blah, blah, blah..." ~  idiot son of a kook

This is nothing more then the same bu---hit,we already have laws. Just enforce the freakin laws already..

Is it me.is the GOP becoming LIBERAL minded?

Our governemt is already giving these illegals FOOD STAMPS...story is on Foxnews.

Amo América! Todo es gratis!

The loser party is caving in. Now they're bigger losers. Keep the path of hate GOP! It's the Republican way! How dare you compromise on your values of hate!

its not good for our country nor the american people. its only for republicans and gop to try favor votes. you are disgusting greedy sob's. you ignorant people now made our land lawless. wait till election, all you republicans will be next standing in the unemployment line. forget jobs...illegals only has rights for jobs!

Wow, who would have thought that the Republicans could get so desperate to win the next election.  What's next, gun control is OK? Paul is just doing whatever he has to do to boost his chance to win in a slimy way.

Where and when does it is stop with these illegals. Mexico permitts its citizens to leave because they can't or won't take care for them and why should or would they want to when America does it for free. Can you imagine if the Terrorist had waited until they recieved immigration Amnesty...... the world could have claimed we were attacked by our own adopted citizens. None of them would have supported the US in going to war unless it attacked its self...............which in some perceptions might agree is happening now.

Rand Paul is a douche. Ovomit is a douche. Why are there so many douches in D.C.? I guess it stands for Douche Central.Cross Rand Paul off our good conservative list! Bye-bye! Put criminals in jail, then deport them!!

Rand you were doing so good! Why did you throw it all away? Yes you can deport all illegal people. I voted for your dad twice but you lost my vote! How much money did you take to change your path? They all walked in here they can all be walked back to the border and sent home! A law breaker is a law breaker! Enforce the F****** law! Thanks Rand for jumping ship!!!!!!!!! Another two faced politician, unbelievable!!!

No matter which side of the aisle they're on, they all tell you what they think you want to hear at any given moment.

Shouldn't we remember who started this exodus, and why?

so this will magically get hispanics to vote for the GOP, huh?

Paul is full of it.Secure the border? Only a fool would think that we can secure our borders, but hey, Paul wants you to think it.And no E-Verify? That's pro-business Paul in favor of changing nothing. He is encouraging American business to continue and use illegals with no penalties.

Just what we need in the US...less jobs for the actual citizens born here...

Without a solid mandate to completely seal off the borders and regulate incoming traffic, any attempt at dealing with this issue is pointless. I am quite conservative, fiscally, and I would be satisfied with a plan that would allow employed, law abiding illegal aliens a pathway to stay and work in the United States and even eventually become citizens. But there would have to be trial period with a few conditions:1. You must learn English. No more multiple language accommodations.2. You must stay employed. Can't find work? Then time to go home.3. No welfare. Cant make your own way here? Our taxpayers won't foot the bill.4. You must abide by our laws. Trouble with the police? Instant trip home. No exceptions.5. You must pay your taxes as if you were a citizen. Can't pay? Can't stay.6. YOU CAN NOT VOTE UNTIL YOU ARE A CITIZEN. ID should be required for every ballot. Any other stance is an attempt to manipulate the system.Abide by these conditions for a couple years, you can apply for a permanent visa. Continue for another few years and apply for citizenship.Why can't lawmakers use a common sense approach? Because they don't want to lose votes. And we the taxpayer will end up paying for it.

Here's an idea, MAKE A BETTER BORDER!Make it like the border in North-South Korea with the following:Double electric fencesLand minesUnderground scanning to anyone crossing underground24/7 patrols with snipers and dogsand Heavily armed Ports that patrol the Gulf in Texas and the Pacific in California.And if anyone wants to protest this idea, they are required to go through a background check to see if anyone in their family are illegals.YOU WANT TO COME TO MY COUNTRY TO STEAL OUR JOBS, DESTROY OUR ECONOMY, AND BRING DRUG WARS TO INNOCENT AMERICANS, EAT MY LEAD!If I EVER become leader, I would do these solutions...

This news is as close as it gets to Our Government not working right.  Usually it's the old farts who don't want to leave their cushy job and sell out.  Rand Paul-Tea Party, wow!  Next Members of Congress will have "invite the other party to your side of the isle" parties.I'm a fan of Rand Paul's.  I'm also a fan of employers being heavily fined if they hire illegal aliens.  Asking employers to verify their employees eligibility to work is not "policing".  Employers routinely check out employees - age, credit history, etc.  I like Paul because he seems to be a straight shooter.  Since his excuse of "policing" is so obviously not true, he is risking his credibility on this issue.

Get the little slimey mexicans out of our country!!!!

He won't be singin' dat song when he loses his job to a "illegal citizen"  Period!!!!!!!!!

Secure the Boarder FIRST!

I want a pathway to a balanced budget.

sell out

Another misleading title by yahoo..what else is new.  He said border security first.

smoke and mirrors, the idiots in the tea commie Anyn Rand party need the minority vote to get elected. The tea bags are too dangerous to this country.  The party for and by the rich

What part of the word "illegal", don't these politicians understand ? I payed through the #$%$, and went through miles of red tape paperwork and interviews, to get my wife and daughter here ...legally. Allow them to take the steps legally, and wait and pay the Same.. as I did. Meanwhile , anyone residing here illegally.. needs to be considered, a criminal.

What Yahoo is not talking about ...Dems preserve US-Mexico food stamp 'partnership,' while USDA prepares for meat inspector furloughs.U.S. funding higher education for its "Benedict Arnold ally" Pakistan when the Pentagon is cutting tuition assistance for American troops.Our government helping other countries at the cost of Americans.I'm for anything that gets those people to pay taxes!

just like all other politicians. A criminal and a traitor to the people who should be hanged from the neck until dead!

I was brought up to believe if something is wrong, it's wrong.  Why are we doing all this nonsense to make illegals citizens?  Catch them and send their butts back to where they came from.  Wrong is still wrong, isn't it?

So if a Mexican man moves his family to find work. He's a criminal. but if an American man moves his family to find work. he's being a response individual who wants to provide for his family.

Some of the best US citizens I know overstayed their visas and were in the country illegally. It's illegal but it's not a crime as so many of you xenophobes believe. Being a documented resident is as easy as marrying an American citizen or having a child who 18 years later can claim you.

stop and think , every one running for pres. is saying the same thing , about illegals, ,but some of the dumber ones are saying they will not vote for a person because he or she want fix the illegals mess we are in. so is say no vote for one of them cause of it , then you should not be voting for anyone.

i do too. they get deported with a number. they submit $500,000.00 and apply for a green card.

I think conservatives are starting to get it. (not their base of course, just read the comments on here and you'll see they haven't wised up yet) conservatives are now starting to realize, that not every person from south of the border is here illegally. many of them are current citizens in fact. they have the right to vote. and yes, they must be listened to as well. they are Americans. many Americans want many things. Some people want universal healthcare, while others want to make it illegal to video tape animal cruelty. everyone concerns will be listened to.

ANNEXATION? Deportation or annexation of Mexicans?  I favor annexation of Mexico?   Why not start a revolution and overthrow the Mexican Government because it's mismanaged to the lowest level with corruption and drug trade?  This way we could get cheap gas from PEMCO, supervise the construction of new refineries outside the jurisdiction of EPA, give all those Mexicans food stamps and they would stay a home?  Being cynical here because if the Mexican Government was responsible and worked they would and heavily invest in protecting their borders against us?  Little interest on their part because they would rather peacefully regain ownership of the Southwest by assimilation without stealing a single hubcap?

Tea-bagger want to let all the illegals in for free so they can pay taxes and give the politicians more $$$$$ to waste on federal give-away programs... #$%$!not GOP comments................. what a suprise.  LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

He just lost my vote!!! Somebody got to him!!!

Say anything to get the mexican vote, actually thats the only was a republican will ever win again and out vote the black ignorant vote!

I Give Up !

I voted for Ron Paul, and since he retired I am following Rand. Rand has some issues I don't agree with and this is one of them. I hope he will change his mind, and realize that we can't just award people who broke our laws. There is a fundamental wrong in this. The other thing,  I don't want to give citizenship to the illegals is because majority of them are from Latin America. Don't get me wrong I like Latino culture, but I just can not go over the issue of language. If this Central or South Americans really want to be members of our society at least they should have learned english. When I came to this country(I was 21 years old) the first thing I did is learned english. I have known people who came before me as a child(!!!!!!!!) and they speak worst english than I am! I find it rude when they speak front of me in spanish, and taunting us knowing that the americans generally nice people, and they don't mind it. I also find it troubling that we have signs in spanish in official places. I used to tell my latino friends that if I would be them I would feel stupid that society has to cater me, because I am not able to learn something in this case english. That issue is never will be solved, and I am afraid it will just bring us closer to hate each other. Do you think if we going to legalize them they will learn english? I think it will give them more "power" and they will tell us that they can speak whatever language they want. It is also troubles me that as a Comcast costumer, I see so many spanish language channels. I understand that this channels are make business, but no other group has this status. English should be the national language of these United States of America.

NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOThe committed a crime!!!!!!!!! Send them back to their own country's jail. What is wrong with you people, they don't contribute to the economy they send the money back to MEXICO, Go to any Western Union store and see who's in line. Mexicans sending money back to the homeland not investing squat in the USA. 11 million !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG

Wait...Ayn Paul endorses what for pure political positioning, now?

If the only thing that comes of this discertation is that the Federal Government actually would close the border....   then all the rest would fall into place.I firmly believe the issue of illegal immigrants already here needs to be dealt with on the State Level, specific to the social and economic stresses imposed on that State.

Run Paul; if people are coming and staying here to WORK AND RAISE A FAMILY WITHOUT THE FEAR OF DEPORTATION it's not necessary to have a pathway to citizenship We have other forms of "documentation" that can be issued without Spitting in the face of those who have and are doing it correctly.

Rand paul boarder security? It's about time the light came on in washington! Thank you senator! Now we can have a real conversation about Legal immigration.This is absolutely nut! you cannot reward someone who's breaking the law.

Just like Politics start with one ideal and mid stream change your politics because your not getting enough votes to get elected.None of us are foolish enough to think we can deport the millions here but we know that the laws can and should be enforced and immigration has to be tightened and controlled.Cut off the hand outs to these illegals and make it to where they wont want to come here.Make the ones here follow the laws and quit making it easy for them.But some days I dont know wether to keep the illegals and deport the politicians or visa versa.

The Government knows they have let this go too far. There's no way to round up and deport  millions of people. Immigration should have been addressed 20 years ago. Since they have no other way out, they're going to give citizenship to them all. Politicians such as Paul are using this as a way for votes. The Federal Government wants this for tax dollars. No matter what I or anybody else thinks, Citizenship is not far away. Some states tried to pass laws to not allow Illegals Benefits and Jobs, but as we all know the Federal Judges struck those down. America's borders should have been closed to ALL foreign invaders 25 years ago. They use taxpayer monies for education, business loans and any other way to get a free ride, then never repay a dime. They commit so much crime, there's not enough prisons to house them, and costing taxpayers billions of dollars a year. Hospitals are closing because they never repay for medical service. States benifits programs are going broke from them draining the money, meant for American Citizens. State school systems are being overun by them and monies used for their education, instead of my and your children. The list could go on and on. We can moan and groan, but it will change NOTHING. The people have no say so anymore in this country. Freedom is just a hollow word to our Government. We have NO Freedom anymore.

Drones on the border, that would slow them down

we already have a "path" for the illegals to become citizens: return to your own country, apply to come here legally, work toward citizenship like all the other immigrants used to do! No reason to give citizenship away like potato chips at a party!...

Send them all back first then we can talk

if you have never killed a mexican, you really have no right to comment here.

Ronald Reagan gave amnesty to some 3 millions illegals back in the 80's. He later said that was the biggest mistake he made during his presidency. So now we have over 11 million illegals hoping the 'Gringo" will make the same mistake, again. Not just no, but hell NO.

BULLSH-T.....

The Republiklans(KKK) are nothing but losers with outdated ideas. Normal Americans don’t believe the krap your trying to sell about dumping guns into society makes you safer !!!  Lowering tax rates and increasing spending lowers the deficit !!!  Murdering children with semi automatics is an acceptable price to pay so Rhednecks can get their assault rifles.  As long as the NRA and the Religious nuts control the Repukes they will never be elected.   Ha, Ha, Ha !!!  NRA (National Rhedneck Association) As soon as immigration reform passes then more non Rhednecks will be voting and the Repukes will never be elected.another teabagger with no backbone...an #$%$ kisser.

Say it ain't so Rand!!!!

Enforce the laws in place you stupid idiots, no one wants these criminals here were they will be a burden on the ecomony.......................Deport them all and shoot them if they try to cross again..................... Our stupid government, all they care about is getting the vote........

I knew he was an idiot, If illegals are getting EVERYTHING now, why would they become legals and pay taxes, get licenses and pay their share.

No where in this did he say he supports passage for citizenship.. Horrible reporting. If you want the real scoop check out Rand Paul's Facebook page..

Now what person in their right mind would believe this man.  He need to have a psych evaluation.  He will give you a Nazi in every clothe.

Th only path to citizenship for illegals should be to pack them up send them back to their country of origin and let them begin the application process from scratch....which is what millions of others have done to come here legally.

The whiteys took the Hawaiian islands at gun point and deported the Hawaiian King , killed 4,000 cherokees and 700 arapahoe indians, and now they claim this land as theirs? funny!

Paul:  you are just like all the rest of the politicians, don't inforce current law just look for a vote.  You have become one of them rather than one of us.

What now RP, trying to woo the hispanic vote?  You would make a terrible door.  Everyone can see right thru you!If they become citizens, I hope that they can FIND a decent job to pay their taxes....

It's amazing what people will do and say to get votes.  They would all but give this country away to anyone who they think are potential voters. They are not taking into consideration how much these illegals cost us everyday in medical, education, &amp; welfare. Not to mention the jobs that they are taking away from teens, and other unemployed Americans. I  hate when I hear some idiot say"Oh, they are doing jobs no one else will do" yeah right. There are veterans and homeless people that will gladly be bellmen, cooks, and servers in hotels. There are millions of teens that would gladly flip some burgers to help their single moms. There are single moms out there that would say yes to being maids at some 4 star  hotels so that they can provide for their children.  Let's invest in America with Americans...stop selling your souls for votes...we will wake up one day, and it no longer be America, just like Los Angeles, isn't Los Angeles anymore! It breaks my heart to see what the "Powers that Be" have allow to happen to this once great city.

We need to pay Border Patrol agents more, getting an offer of $10,000 to not search a single car is too much to resist for some

"Tea Party favorite Rand Paul backs path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, with conditions"If this isn't spin I don't know what is... Caesar also had his Brutus. Bush had Colin Powell... so I guess the TEA party has the ideological descendants of Neville Chamberlain embedded in our government - for shame.

I endorse getting rid of all these illegals in this country or we are going to have another POS like Obrahma again and agian, it will tear this country apart. Why is it the majority can't seem to stay together as much as the minorities to get what we want and protect our lives?

Looks like Rand Paul is trying to drag the "illegal Hispanic immigrant-hating" Republican base kicking and screaming into the 21st century.  Hmmm...good luck!

Well, that's too bad.  I liked Rand Paul.

This idiot still do not understand.  The undoccumante ARE already paying taxes. Aout of everry check they are deducted loke everyone else and pay sales taxes like everyone else. What they cannot do is file and get any returns owed to them.  In fact, they pay on the dollar way more than anyone else on their pay level. Still it is welcomed his hipocryte effort to provide a path to citizensship and it is hipocryte because if it weren't for the fact that oposing the reform means political suicide, he, like all the rest of the haters and radical extremists of the right would have never even considered it.

He comes back from tasting the saliva of all the previous congressional members, president &amp; vice presidents, secretary of states, and even candidates who kissed the wall, and is now pushing for the cornerstone of the cultural marxist agenda, which is the immigration invasion of millions of high birth rate muslims &amp; third world immigrants to break down and destroy western white nations cultures, societies, and nations

Somebody's campaigning for 2016 already....i thought he sad no citizenship for them

Boy he looks so happy he did that, NOT it is pandering and nothing more.On Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky, U.S. Senate website, he makes clear he does not support amnesty and considers illegal immigration a “clear threat to our nation’s security:”I do not support amnesty, I support legal immigration and recognize that the country has been enriched by those who seek the freedom to make a life for themselves. However, millions of illegal immigrants are crossing our border without our knowledge and causing a clear threat to our national security. I want to work in the Senate to secure our border immediately. In addition, I support the creation of a border fence and increased border patrol capabilities.

No matter what Republicans do for the  immigrants, the majority of them will ALWAYS vote democrats. If Rand Paul is thinking that this is the way to gain the immigrant vote, he is totally WRONG!!!   Amnesty is not the answer. Reagan under his good faith trusted the democraps and gave ammenty back in 86 and now instead of 2.5 millions illegals, we have 20 millions and so. What we need is to enforce the laws we already have and be PRO-AMERICANS and dignify the legal immigrants that went through the whole process in order to come to this great country  obeying the LAW!!    Rand Paul good bye !! I was consideringh you, but you are showing yr real face, now.

I knew I'd see this day. The day when Republicans open their minds to the fact that the US is no longer a starched clean cut blond haired blue eyed image. We are many people, many religions and many nationalities. What maes us united is that we can say "I am an American" in almost every languge the world has spoken. The last 8 years, the Republicans focused on "The Basics" of America, the visualized the yesteryear of the nation. The 50's 60's image of what you see as America is no more. With time came change and with change one should evolve. When you see a racist, most call them a back woods yolkal who is stuck in the past. Unable to evolve with the times. The Republicans were the same way in terms of values and ethics of the nation. They were so against immagrants, but one fact remained untouched:We have non US citizens serving in the very military you support. To go against immagration with no alternative, was a sure fire way to lose the support of the open minded of the nation. Which is what happened these last 8 years. I hope the path to diversity is one that the party will stay on. There's more to this nation than christian whites. Once we realize that, then maybe us Republicans can finally say, United We Stand. but, that also means we have to stop cannabalizing ourselves. But we'll get to that later. baby steps for now.

The government is like a baby's alimentary canal, with a happy appetite on one end and no responsibility on the other.

One last thing.  Democracy is now defined as....the freedom to vote for any candidates that conform to the established power structure.  Rome is calling.

When the government of U.S. throw out the Constitution that they took an oath to uphold, because of the vote they may loose in and up coming election. He looses my vote period. Watch facebook and other means of campaigning against Paul. Thousands of Americans are out of work. This is a slap in the face. We need to get rid of all elected and start over, with Patriotism.

Just another politician saying whatever to get votes.  I don't believe any of them.

And I here I thought we already had one.  A guy I work with, going through the system himself, says it's the best there is.  Reinventing the wheel....

AMERICAN DON"T GROW UP IT A TRAP,!Assume, assume, assume!  When we hate all we do is assume and think it's true because our gut tells us it's true, I think it's called.....oh yeah 'truthiness'

Look at Rand Pauls photo.. You want him to run our government?

Rand is a wacko.  Please oh please run for POTUS is 2016.....signed..The Democrats

this is why history repeats itself in this country...republican's brand of garbage is to lower taxes and always put US in debt when in white house..democrat brand always cleans up the mess the products of daddy banging granny, I mean, ignorant republicans create and balance the budget by raising taxes...and around we go

Different from other approaches, Paul would not attempt to crack down on employers by expanding working verification systems, something he says is tantamount to "making every business owner a policeman"So, what Paul is saying, with all the things you do to see if your potential employee has a work history, lives where he/she says they live, you're acting like a policeman for checking if they have a valid SS #? For a moment I thought he was a politician who didn't speak from both sides of mouth....my bad..

OUR IMMIGRATION LAW IS FAR FROM PERFECT. WHAT IS IT TO BE ENFORCED?So many illegals people were not illegal because they jumped the fence, but simply because our law is too bad and has too many loop hole that only benefit immigration lawyers.We need reform. What we don't need is a reform that cost tax payer. Charge penalty, registration fee, yearly fee and any fees to those 11 millions people, we should have enough money to make necessary reform. Amnesty may not be popular, but if those 11 millions people pay taxes and fees for some years, free from criminal record and claim no benefit from fed, then they should be given green card and citizenship. That is all.

rep(reap) what they sow!!!!!!!!!!!,,,, rand - the tea party is over!!!!!,,,,presidency- not!!!!!!!! never!!!! IT'S CALLED 'HILARY CLINTON' found SOMETING 2 UNDO!!!!!!!!.....NEED  MILK!!!

Sellout, sellout, sellout.

joeB it wont help we natives tried but you white guys spread like weeds.

Finally............. good news !!On list of 20 issues that are most concerning to Americans, immigration ranks 17th!! (Pew Pole, 2013)  So why do Republicans think they need the Hispanic vote? Over the last 30 years Hispanics have overwhelmingly voted heavily for democrats no matter what was promised to them from Republicans. Republicans need to stop listening to the media and start listening to the people.

OK - anyone who is an illegal immigrant, either came into this county illegally or overstayed their visa, can come out of the shadows, and obtain legal status and stay as long as they like. BUT, BUT, they can NEVER become a US citizen unless they return to their country of origin and get in line. Otherwise, their legal status will be something less than full citizenship, and as a result, they will NEVER be allowed to vote.What's wrong with that? They can stay, they won't have to worry about deportation. They can work openly and pay taxes, their kids can even get in-state tuition. They just can't tip the elections with their votes. They jumped line, broke our laws, and they should not be allowed to vote or become full-fledged citizens.The only reason Democrats want to grant citizenship to illegals is because they believe the overwhelming numbers of Hispanic illegals would all become Democratic voters and create a permanent majority.

Mexicans come here to do the jobs the millions of Babies Killed with Abortion would be doing...

Why dont Obama stop lying to his Braindead Followers about Republicans and cut taxes like Reagan did when he created millions of jobs that saved the Economy from Jimmy Carters Wacko Liberal Policies???

We need to at least curb foreign remittances by these illegal workers.If they want to stay in the USA and pay 30% in taxes to pay interest in Chinese loans and pay for our wars, they are welcome.We need working , tax paying bees. And we need cannon fodder for our wars so bring us your sons, too.

"effing" sorry left it out on last rant! Doah

Somebody needs to an  grow a pair and send these effers back! And if you ain't gots any, you can always borrow mine! Cheers

Somebody needs to an  grow a pair and send these effers back! And if you ain't gots any, you can always borrow mine! Cheers

I'll bet if the people wanted to shoot and tag the illegals the political puppets would approve that too

More leaf blowers! Please...lol yeah rightPeople call Mexicans a lot of things but one thing you never hear them called is smart. Really think about it, has anyone ever met a smart Mexican?

Whitey...just EXACTLY how did you end up here 6000 miles from home?

Who cares what this tea bagger blow hard endorses!! The only reason he is doing it is he is hopeing Hispanics will be dumb enough to vote for his loser repub party!!!

What choice did he have? He could build a fence and start shooting?

2014 is coming.  The right wing conservatives are  becoming Liberal.  Proves who was right.  Obama got  elected  (thank god) and Tea Party is stuck with Palin and her  Big Gulp.  Wont win elections that way.  .

white man wants to give citizenship to those immigrants to push away blacks, the federal government engeneering this. !

Whitey man...was my Bentley....here's your dollar tip....LOL...can you imagine that??!! LOL....Ha!

Awesome.  Once again.....being in power, is what drives the decision making process on issues.....instead of...(I know, novel thought coming here) MAKING THE DECISION THAT IS BEST FOR THE INHABITANTS OF THIS COUNTRY ON EVERY ISSUE!  (Taxpaying or non Taxpaying)  Friggin idiots!!!  Let all people come in and compete for work.  Hey!!!  Then EVERYONE would have to compete!!  When capitalism is a competition for the most educated, productive and best workers.....without regard to their miniority status, immigrant status...etc....it works better.  Oh...or maybe we should just keep electing former presidents sons, cousins of the english monarchy.....etc....to our government institutions and continue turning our backs to the Imperialist, Colonialism that we've always implemented with Nuclear weapons....opium/rum trade. Or maybe...."the melting pot".....is really just a loaf of white bread....

Whitey man pick those strawberry's....Ha! Ha! Ha! Right!!!!

Rand Paul has officially come out - as an #$%$I'm getting sick of a "representative government".....that only creates laws and backrooom deals that line their own pockets.....I don't need representatives any more.  The time for internet voting has come.  More than just allowing us to vote for a stacked lineup of candidates....(see Skull n Bones choices for Prez....Bush/Kerry)....in a limited, 2 party system that guarantees power will remain in power.  Freedom?  What the hell is that?

There are those stupid badges again by stupid yahoo

We need good Mexican gardeners...in L.A. You filthy whites suck at gardening...Ha!!!

I have relative in prison..where's his F___g amnesty !?!

Assimilation, without bringing that word into the dialogue I afraid that this is just a voter grab that both parties are salivating over.

Ahh, Mr. Paul gives in. Along with Rubio and countless others. Is there NO ONE who stands for what is right and just and won't back down???? Does that person even exist? Where ARE YOU??????

whitey....too bad!!! LOl....

Looks like the GOP finally wants to win an election

Bill Gates needs to get busy and kill off these 3rd world piles of #$%$.

Is there anyone out there that represents the will of the people?Is the slime infecting Washington a disease? Don't these #$%$-holes understand that these new illegals will tip the balance in this country?Have they ever heard of the "fifth column"?Are they all brain-dead?NO!NO!A THOUSAND TIMES NO to illegals.No amnesty,no fast track,no benefits,no free health care,no presence.Screw the republicans and democrats,they are selling us down the river.The history of this nonsense,will be read by future people,will be the root cause for the beginning of the end!Go tell this to Rush Limbauga who run the republican party he is bashing the ilegals right now on his radio show

I'm an angry old loser.

".....how the border would be made more secure but..." Fired all the corrupted/fortune maker border agents with the soldiers who in charge at the border between N. Korea and S. Korea. The illegal immigrants will be drop near Zero..

Screw Rand Paul. How about No, as in no amnesty for illegal immigrants. C'mon folks, head over to the Numbers USA website and let's put a stop to this once and for all. Remember we gave out an amnesty in 1986, now here we are with 11-20 million more illegals in the country .....so how long before they start demanding the next amnesty

First it was Romney becoming more liberal after wining the primary, House passes Violence against Women act, then Portman changed stances on gay marriage, now Paul supports path to Citizenship...  Poor white conservative males are systematically being disenfranchised!  Time for the tea party to split and create its own!!

Looks like the cement is starting to crack on the GOP &amp; tea party bozos foundation. I think Rand Paul tasted the Kool-Aid and liked it. One solution is stop giving welfare to the rednecks down south and force them to do migrant farm work. Then the illegals will leave and billy bob will earn his money instead of an entitlement.

Illegal Immigrants are already allowed to be US TAX PAYERS-They are issued an ITIN# .. They are just not under the  microscope like the rest of us whenever they don't declare all of their earnings...  Why not start there?.

Evil whitey. Kill whitey!

It's good to see the Republicans following our President's position on so many different wedge issues.  Happy to see your change of heart.  Guns next and then abortion.

"illegal immigrants should be allowed to become U.S. taxpayers" they already pay taxes!!!guess who is not getting an invite back to CWAK

Atta boy Rand, now your acting more like your Libertarian father. Thanks for finally coming around!

If they are here ILLEGALLY, they should go/be sent home at their country's expense (cut foreign aid to their home country by $250K PER illegal person) and then APPLY through normal State Department channels LEGALLY to come to this country and become AMERICAN citizens. And I include the children. They only become burdens as illegals to our welfare, medical and school systems and take away available benefits for our own children BORN AMERICANS.

ANY DAMN THING FOR A F'N VOTE.  THESE #$%$ HAS SOLD THE AMERICANS OUT. We have no one to represent us at all.

We really need to get the illegal immigrants out of our good country NOW. Round them up, send them home on their own dime. If they don't have the money or won't pay for it - we should Auction them off to legal Citizens. Furthermore, this is the time to make English the only recognized language in the Great United States of America. No more signs in another language, No more ordering Tacos in another language, no more pressing 1 for English on the Great Telephone. Any business that is handling a transaction or otherwise communicating in a Non-English language will have any employee and the organization fined significantly - similar to hour the liquor commissions monitor underage alcohol sales. This is YOUR LAND this is MY LAND lets take it back!

Eventually, every single wedge issue that the GOP leadership has used to win elections will fall.  Why don't you Republicans just become Democrats and be done with it?

F)ck all racist whitey boy animals!!!!! Kill whitey!!!!

I was really starting to like  Rand Paul,  if he endorses this, he will be like all the others.  Worthless.

When are you people down south going to realize that the GOP leadership doesn't care about abortion, gays, immigration or countless other issues.  They want your vote.  That is it.

Next English as a second languageIs there any patriot in our government?

Even Rand Paul is becoming a RINO when the party thinks it will win them an election!

Another one bust the dust

There's also talk of changing their position on gay marriage, gun laws, right to choose, prayer in school, definition of rape, Affordable Health Care Act and raising taxes on the mega rich.  Wouldn't it just be a lot easier to vote Democrat?  Knuckle-heads.

Stooping to the demoRATS level will get us nowhere, except a run down country like our southern neighbors have!

This country was built on immigrants. hey tea baggers get out of America, you are not wanted here

Another dumb jackass wearing republican clothing.Just as scumbab,illegal vote grabbing traitors as the democrats they point their fingers at! How much of a payola is he taking to hop in bed with.Mohammed Abdu Obama?

If you get rid of the illegals and the perminent unemployed can be sent over to the farm to work instead of sitting on the porch whinning about no jobs and where's my check! There would be no where for the farmer to go with a complaint and these lazy POS's can do an honest days work or starve for all i care!

I wonder if the American Indians and Mexicans who by the way were the original homeland security were having this discussions when the illegal immigrants were coming into their lands raping, stealing ,lying and killing over 700 years ago.

I agree with Rand,make them pay taxes .. no free loadingDeputize the People (militia), through a volunteer roll call. Man-power:check. Begin round up. Fire up those old trains collecting rust and pay American companies to get them back on the rails. Set up government contracts for bus companies and travel agencies, etc. Logistics:check. This solves the problem of deporting them and it puts a lot of American citizens back work, thus spurring economic growth.

"Let's start that conversation by acknowledging we aren't going to deport" the millions already here"...- - -That contradicts reform. We've had that policy for decades and it doesn't work!

The Republicans would be smart to find the courage to put the RINOS in a museum, and listen to what Rand Paul and Ted Cruz are saying.

whitey boy is doomed...lol...Ha!

Viva la raza... We r ready to place EEUU under everything and show to everybody we are humans and STOP THAT RACISM AGAINST US, ALL WE ARE ONE...

How can you explain when in other countries there is a legal way to become a resident or citizen after living for a year in any European or Latinoamerican country's  paid taxes and here in US you don't  have that law?? Why all the people who already did that paypers with inmigration are still waiting for your decision to speed up the process for the ones already waiting ?? there is people who already did that in the last 10 years and they can't cuz of your negligence Mr R Paul

His TERRORISTIC FELONIOUS SON won't let him climb no higher than where he's at right now.  We should classify people like his son as DOMESTIC TERRORISTS, charge them as such, and give them the longest federal prison sentence as possible!

America  will fall soon

I'm sorry i have been a two face.

Bring sanity back you people, the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof. No single tree can make a forest and come to think of it, without immigrants, most countries of the world will not survive economically, militarily, even socially. Common now be reasonable. Live and let live.how do you spell hypocrite? Rand

Hey racist whitey boyz don't be surprised in the future if your daughter is now Mrs. Suzie Garcia....lol....Karma is a payback Mtr)Fkr....it is going to be great when your lil' brown grandchildren are teaching you how to eat a taco...lol lol lol lol lol U stupid hicks!!!! F)k all U!!!

Viva la raza... We r ready to place EEUU under everything and show to everybody we are humans and STOP THAT RACISM AGAINST US, ALL WE ARE ONE...

Congratulations we are learning from the past mistakes... The republican party is learning how wins the next Elections !!!!!!

Yahoo readers are basically 95% meth addicted trailer inbreeds. Can't you tell by their ignorant comments?

"illegal immigrants should be allowed to become U.S. taxpayers" WRONG! Undocumented immigrants already paying taxes, social security and medicare without the way of getting a refund of getting any of the benefits (since non-citizens not entitled anyways), while all those haters and lazy a**es out here complain, complain and complain without knowing what is actually taking place and rather be unemployed claiming all the benefits reaped from the paying immigrants by sitting at home on the couch being lazy and don't even wanna work in the farms that provide food.

Did your criminal murdering p)edophile forefathers have green cards?.....LOL...Ha!!!

Hey racist whitey boyz don't be surprised in the future if your daughter is now Mrs. Suzie Garcia....lol....Karma is a payback Mtr)Fkr....it is going to be great when your lil' brown grandchildren are teaching you how to eat a taco...lol lol lol lol lol U stupid hicks!!!! F)k all U!!!

Mexicans have destroyed California and once they suck it dry they will spread like a plague looking for handouts and a another host to suck dry

The whitey pig man should have thought of this when he invaded and committed genocide right on Mexicos door step....LOL...Ha! PAYBACK paleface!!!!I can no longer support him.  I know that illegals are about the only persons who accept jobs in slaughterhouses and processed meat packing, tree trimming and landscaping and other menial tasks that the coloreds refuse to do, but they are illegal and in my mind, criminals, who should not be rewarded for their crime.  Let them pay taxes, then deport them.

There is a Guy named Andrew Wilkow on youtube that articulates the conservative view on immigration....He Nails IT....IF You're Tire of The Rinos, Check Him Out

Well, he lost me as a supporter. And if this is the "new" Republican party, then I guess I will buy more guns and stop voting.

WOW! a republican with something constructive to say!! how refreshing...

Everyone here has an extreme right wing view. Pathway to citizenship will happen!

Good for you dummies...........forget unemployment, increased homelessness, highest deficit in our history, lets let them all in , give them school, housing, employment, aid and citizenship, and let's pay for all that with a 50% reduction in our government's salaries,  elimination of the cia and homeland, elimination of free health care for life for everyone in the government, better yet let's just fire all you dumb idiots that think you tell american's what to do.........bottom line your our flunkies.........do as we tell you.........period !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Tea baggers ruined America!

This is a very complex issue that must be debated!  I applaud Mr. Paul for at least beginning and contributing to the dialogue.

Another ObaMao butt boy that will only accept no questions asked open borders and allowing illegals to be immediately eligible to receive welfare, SSI, Medicare, free healthcare, free college, etc.

Hang Obama and this little piglet Paul for treason. You fools voted for this pile of #$%$ illegal alien, communist satainic homosexul pig and have handed the once greatest country in the world over to the 3rd world. May you all burn in HELL.Whitey invaded and committed genocide on an entire people.....payback time!!!!!

The sooner you turds accept the fact, that not every “brown skin” person is illegal, the less foolish you would look. Before the republicans got on this, anti-immigration kick, most Hispanics in Texas voted Republican. But because the tea party, and Republicans,  lumping everyone in with the immigrants, most Hispanics turned on the party.The irony of all this was, that most Hispanics didn’t like the immigrants either.  Hell, most 3rd or 4th generation of Hispanics don’t even speak or understand Spanish. They hated it when, when people would talk Spanish to them in public. But because of the right-wings instance of saying every latino was illegal, they had no choice but to turn on the party. Mind you, the very party, they supported for so many years.   The Republicans #$%$ up, bwhahahahahahaha

the n****R president is a complete failure.

Did whitey invade this land murdering an entire race right on Mexicos doorstep? Then they cry FOUL??!!??!! Hypocrite pink skinned animals!

Only whites can invade? LOL....payback you dirty trailer hicks!!!!

Who cares? He's a born loser like his father.

Pale face is becoming the minority...lol. How funny....white turds!!!

All you old codgers make me laugh, I hope when my generation turns your age, we do it Gracefully. Unlike, you loudmouth, self-important, retared old farts. Keep trolling, cause we are all laughing at you. Your time has past, and its time to move out the way

Whitey American forefathers called themselves 'settlers'The Natives and Mexicans called the filth 'invaders' I believe they were correct.

Yahoo commentators = unemployed white man trailer hicks on meth.