Time will tell....

If North Korea, on of the poorest and most isolated on earth, could  manage to make nukes, it is naive to expect Iran to stop their quest to be the next nuke power now, after they have spent so much efforts and have come so close to their  goal.Obama will haveto act forcfully now before Iran tests its first nuke and sends shock waves to the whole middle east.

Not too sure how world war III will be fought, but world war IV, will be fought with sticks and stones.

Iran says it has a sovereign right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes, and wants to fuel nuclear power plants so it can export more oil.Nuclear energy has NOTHING to do with oil!

Alarmed countries scramble to offer concessions while insisting that there is a line beyond which they will not allow the rogue nation to go -- but the government of that nation, though willing to play endless head games, is bound and determined to proceed anyway.  Shades of 1939.

The open and public debate on what course of action the West will use to respond to Iran's desire to develop offense nuclear weapons will soon prove effective or otherwise.  At some pt in the very near future, Mr. Obama will need to conclude that either diplomatic negotiations are useful or actually harmful towards his vow 'not' to allow Iran to become the next N.K.  It's now crunch time.

Is that very nice Picture above the 'before Picture'

Iran wants the MOABs now!

New sanctions; The Sic super powers give Iran 1 week to invite eh powers in, or in 8 days they come in.

Has anyone seen the water source for this so called power plant?  For everything in print over this issue it seems elusive as to the generating capacity of this nuclear facility.One day The Sparks will be flying, its just whom makes the sparks fly is the question..Ya know what I mean Vern?

Oh well, the war monger United States is ganging up on smaller countries again, why don't they pick on china or russia once in a while and the reason they don't is because they will tell the US to back off, but, no, the US is all about bullying smaller countries that don't have a chance to fight back, usual same ole #$%$ from the bully!!!!

Century II Quatrain 91:At sunrise one will see a great fire, Noise and light extending towards 'Aquilon:' Within the circle death and one will hear cries, Through steel, fire, famine, death awaiting them.

They are going to keep talking right up until Iran shows the world their new mushroom cloud making device.

if iran wanted nuclear bombs they could have bought a few dozen from the formersoviet countrys , they didn't have any use for them .most sane people know nuclear weapons may  detere attackes ,but cant be used in warfarewithout endangering all human life  on earth

a gentile ask a jew , if your gods choosen ones ,how come there is no oil in israel ?the jew said , but we got the matches

One you guys have overlooked. Stop making nuclear weapons or we will blow you in to the future...or the past, whatever.

no deal////

when   news about a failure will  float to the surface?

Why is anyone expecting resolve with Iran?ayotollah made it very clear ,There will be no negotiating on Iran's nuclear ambitions..anyone who thinks otherwise has wool IN their eyes!I think they should have gave them a warning that the countries are tired of them, and once they get in the air bombing will commence on all there nuke sites.  If the United States took out Ghadaffi's Tent where his daughter was why cant we do that little wet rat leader of iran

Be crazy but funny as H----super huge mother ship comes to Earth sends message to USA and the world leave these Arabs alone to build Nuclear Missles or we'll vaporize the whole planet ....NOW!!!!!  Oh and we want free cable and no commercials anymore ever except for SUPER BOWL- LOL!

To Reuters:  Please stop playing this broken record.  People really are no longer interested in the journey of Iran and its nuclear whatever.  How about we make a rule.  You can no longer post articles about Iran or N. Korea, unless their is a definitive action taken by somebody, or an agreement drawn. WE ARE TIRED OF THE WORD GAMES!

maybe we just have to believe that the iranian mullas are sincere about not wantingnuclear weapons ?  if we or israel bomb iran , iran surely will seek nuclear weaponsfor its self defence . the only way then would be total occupation of iran for decadesif our war promoter think  this fallacys would turn out better than the ones they cooked upin iraq and afghanistan ,they better get ready to their hanging

There's only one way that Iran's weapons plan will be derailed.  They're coming up on an election for president.  Those moderates who were marching four years ago must take to the streets again.  Unfortunately there will be blood and probably dead.  A complete ouster of the loon and the mullahs who keep him in office is the only way.  Some of them need to swing at the end of a rope.

How do you spell Iran?N o r t h K o r e a

Iran don't give in to the West/Israel's demands.  Israel doesn't do anything the U.N. saids, much less allow an inspection to their facilities.  Have your surface to air missiles ready, and try to get as much weapons from Russia, China, and N. Korea as you can, to the defend yourself against the aggressors.

we spend 9 years in iraq an behalf of israel and changed things in favor of our enemyswe are 11 + years in afghanistan and see no hope to change anything there for the good .with $ 16 trillion in debt, are we realy looking to fight a new war an behalf of israel ,the veryisrael wich has nuclear and chemical weapons and subjugates its neighbors

Why should Iran not have a Nuke? I don't see them invading other Countries, like some Countries do.

Nobody is perfect, we all know that, but the best way out of this crisis, is getting this lunatics out of power like hackmedinajohn and pingpong from north korea, and problem solved, much better and wise to try to take lunatics out of our way, than to face a war that could cripple the world economy, i really thing the iranian population is not that stupid. Riot take that lunatic out of power.They need to flat out tell them, we will obliterate you unless you stop.  The problem is that Iran knows Europe has no stomach for a fight and that Obama is spineless.  What they don't realize is that Obama, a spineless lefty wimp, is still very dangerous.  He could try to overcompensate for being viewed as weak, by starting a major war.

Russia's state run nuclear power company Rosatom.....is spearheading Russia’s burgeoning influence in the nuclear energy world, and is openly ambitious with its plan for the future to construct 20% of nuclear power plants WORLDWIDE. But will old school politically led deal making work in a commercially driven marketplace?. By the end of this year, Russia’s state nuclear corporation will have deals to build 21 nuclear plants in bilateral agreements with NINE COUNTRIES. There are to be four plants constructed in TURKEY and INDIA, two will be built in CHINA, VIETNAM, BELARUS, BULGARIA, the UKRAINE and BANGLADESH, with a single plant to be developed in ARMENIA. Ties with established nuclear energy countries like FRANCE have also been secured, recently a cooperation declaration was signed to seal a bilateral relationship in nuclear power. “We are confident that we can build on our current success as the global  market is growing. Nations, such as Germany and Switzerland, may have decided to turn away from nuclear power, but most have stayed with nuclear post Fukushima creating significant demand,” says Sergey Navikov, spokesperson for Rosatom. (from Nuclear Power Insider-2011).

How can you negotiate with a President that said if he had a nuclear bomb today he would drop it on Isreal tomorrow.

Iran will build nuclear weapons.  I don't like it  as much as the next guy but they are determined and have moved so much in underground fortified bunkers that we couldn't stop them now.

international law states ,every country has the inalieable right ,to develope,research.produce and use nuclear energy .for peacefull purposes ,without discrimination .the united nation agreed to and ratifyed this law . why does israel with illeagal nuclearand chemical weapons arsenals have a voice in the united nation on this matter ?israel has ignored and show's total disrespect for dozens of UN resolution broughtagainst them ,for grave human rights violations and war crimes

More cart and mouse games from the US/NATO New World Order Gang.  Why are we waging ongoing covert {CIA destbilization} and overt {unilateral sanctions} wars on Iran?  The last report of the NPT body, the IAEA, that does the monitoring of member's nuclear activities declared this in last Fall's report: WE CAN FIND NO EVIDENCE THAT IRAN IS DIVERTING ENRICHED URANIUM TO A WEAPONS PROGRAM.  But Big Brother News never even mentioned that in its report, but rather blew up the western intelligence "suspicions". Amano, from our Japanese protectorate is the head of the body and the leader of the inspectors, Naeckert, is from Belgium, a NATO member. So the accusers, the judges are in the same boat and the victim stands in the way of that New World Order Gang's .goa lof total hegemoy in that area, the breadbasket of the world's energy resources.  Oh, such cozy machinations to justify more neo-imperialism.  But Iran has the total support of the NAM {Non Aligned Movement} coutries, a majority in the world, which will eventually render void the illegal unilateral sanctions of the US and its NATO lackeys.

Start inspecting/adressing Israel's nuclear sites. This will give substance to negotiation - otherwise it is a waste of time

I have a feeling not thing will change this time around too ...

LIES LIES LIES. You need ~20% enrichment to dilute with the aluminum to make reactor plates. "The West" has lost all credibility. Ask any real Physicist. This whole thing has shown the world that Israeli politicians have penetrated US/UN policy, and the consortium is now out to kill us all in WW3.

Obama talks tough now... right when he is overseeing a major reduction in our armed forces.  Are all liberal policies designed for failure or does Obama do it on purpose?Talk a few hours. Wait a few months to talk again. At this rate we will get them to agree to talk again about talking again before X-mas. WE GOT EM ON THE ROPES!

Nuclear power for peaceful energy research?  They have the third largest natural gas reserve in the world.  It would be cheaper than free for over 100 years.  how long can these terrorists keep saying this?  Till they build a nuclear bomb, put it in a freighter and park it near the USS Abraham Lincoln.  A couple of miles away would do the trick.

Jesus said if you love me you will keep my commandments! i see room for improvement amongst the 6 powers!

let them have nukes, just destroy the country if they use them, russia had nukes we thought they were nuts , they didnt destroy the world, just tell them it doesnt matter if we have proof or not you were behind it , if it happens you country is gone, want them now? all too soon all these people have forgotton horoshima and nagasaki, maybe we need a repeat as a refresher course ,

Nuclear Plant Construction. Most reactors currently planned are in the Asian region, with fast-growing economies and rapidly-rising electricity demand.Many countries with existing nuclear power programs (Argentina, Armenia, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Czech Rep., France, India, Pakistan, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, South Korea, South Africa, Ukraine, UK, USA) have plans to build new power reactors (beyond those now under construction). In all, about 160 power reactors with a total net capacity of some 177,000 MWe are planned and over 320 more are proposed. Energy security concerns and greenhouse constraints on coal have combined with basic economics to put nuclear power back on the agenda for projected new capacity in many countries.In the USA there are plans for 13 new reactors, and two combined construction and operating licences for these were issued early in 2012 while five more are under review. All are for late third-generation plants, and a further proposal is for two ABWR units.  it is expected that some of the new reactors will be on line by 2020.In Canada there are plans to build up to 2200 MWe or more of new capacity at Darlington in Ontario.In Finland, construction is now under way on a fifth, very large reactor which will come on line in 2014, and plans are firming for another large one to follow it.France is building a similar 1600 MWe unit at Flamanville, for operation from 2016, and a second is to follow it at Penly.In the UK, four similar 1600 MWe units are planned for operation by 2019, and a further 6000 MWe is proposed.Romania's second power reactor istarted up in 2007, and plans are being implemented for two further Canadian units to operate by 2017.Slovakia is completing two 470 MWe units at Mochovce, to operate from 2011-12. Bulgaria is planning to build a large new reactor at Kozloduy.Belarus is planning two large new Russian reactors at Ostrovets, the first to start in 2019. InRussia, ten reactors are under active construction, one being a large fast neutron reactor. About 14 further reactors are then planned, some to to replace existing plants, and by 2017 ten new reactors totalling at least 9.2 GWe should be operating. Further reactors are planned to add new capacity. This will increase the country's present nuclear power capacity by 50% in 2020. In addition about 5 GW of nuclear thermal capacity is planned. A small floating power plant is expected to be completed by 2014 and others are planned to follow.Poland is planning two 3000 MWe nuclear power plants.South Korea plans to bring a further further four reactors into operation by 2017, and another five by 2021, giving total new capacity of 12,200 MWe. Of these, all but one are the Advanced PWRs of 1400 MWe. These APR-1400 designs have evolved from a US design which has US NRC design certification, and four been sold to the UAE (see below).Japan has two reactors under construction but another three which were likely to start building by mid 2011 have been deferred.In China, now with 15 operating reactors on the mainland, the country is well into the next phase of its nuclear power program. Some 26 reactors are under construction and many more are likely to be so in 2012. Those under construction include the world's first Westinghouse AP1000 units, and a demonstration high-temperature gas-cooled reactor plant is due to start construction. Many more units are planned, with construction due to start within three years. But most capacity under construction is the largely indigenous CPR-1000 design. China aims at least to quadruple its nuclear capacity from that operating and under construction by 2020.On Taiwan, Taipower is building two advanced reactors (ABWR) at Lungmen.India has 20 reactors in operation, and seven under construction (two expected to be completed in 2012). This includes two large Russian reactors and a large prototype fast breeder reactor. (from World Nuclear Association).

It appears to be most important to end the stand-off. If we need to change the criteria for compliance apparently we will, now 20% which seems far off from the 90+% needed to weaponize (it’s not). And after all, there is another year before we really need to worry.  But if Iran is unresponsive Obama will talk sternly to them, and don't think he won't! And if after all that they still end up achieving nuclear breakout, well we did our level best.....

Radiation poisoningA dose of under 100 rad will typically produce no immediate symptoms other than blood changes. 100 to 200 rad delivered in less than a day will cause acute radiation syndrome, (ARS) but is usually not fatal. Doses of 200 to 1,000 rad delivered in a few hours will cause serious illness with poor outlook at the upper end of the range. Doses of more than 1,000 rad are almost invariably fatal. Soon to be tested.

It is interesting to note that the pro-Iranian trolls (such as iran-mortal &amp; tigeress) are absent from this discussion. Usually they are proclaiming Iran's inalienable right to have nukes. But in the past I countered by saying that Iran's "supreme" leader claims Iran does NOT want nukes, so just who is running Iran? Apparently the Iranian trolls don't have an answer ...

Iran's walking a tight rope right now.  The longer they hold out, the more conssessions they'll get from the weak-minded Obama; but at the same time, they're trying to avoid Israel striking them...interesting how this is shaping up.

Lets see, muslim country + nuclear missle = big problem for non muslim country (INFADELS).nothing is peaceful there.

My solution to this problem is simple. Have Israel sign the NPT and have inspectors in their nuclear plants. Then make Israel sign the Middle East Nuclear Weapons Free Zone that they have been avoiding for several decades since they are the only Mid-East nation to reject it. If Israel refuses then we cut their foreign aid, and once they start following the rule of law then Iran will have little leeway. Sorry but I'm not going to be dragged into WW3 because Israeli politicians would rather have me fight and die than to relinquish their arsenal of precious nukes.

What right do the US and Israel have to deny Iran the right to enrich uranium and even develope nuclear weapons?  The world should fear the US, we have dropped two nuclear devices on civilian populations.

If Iran can walk the walk, and talk the talk  but I think not

Just like Saddam, a bunch of fanatic lunes that believe they are the choose people will never yield to logic. Only force will stop them. If Saddam had yielded to western pressure, he and his cronies would still be alive and in power.

Fordo must not and will not close down.Enrichment must not and will not stop.Talks must only be about a nuclear arms free Middle East &amp; the world.I am American and consider Israel as US's main enemy.

The Sanctions won't work. Iran will continue to develop in private sites.

everybody knows bombing Iran will not change the situation , but talking to them and lifting sanctions will , God Please Bring Peace

I thought the proposal was already very clear.You stop processing and building nuclear material, then we stop sanctions.Simple.

Russia's nuclear power industry now has plans to build nuclear reactors in 9 countries worldwide including: Bangladesh, Turkey, India, Vietnam, Belarus, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Armenia, and France. The total number of reactors to be built number 21. (from Nuclear Energy Insider).Get serious, Iran will never give in, they have too much hate in their middle evil minds

The issue is iran not isreal iran is a clear threat to the world its not a matter of IF but when they build the bomb and they are not like other countrys that have them they will use them.

The US is far too weak to stop them, or NK.  We cannot even deploy anti missile defense without getting permission from Russia and china

We have been begging them too long.

It's sad and funny how the US still trys to control....Have we not learned from Isreal, once you have nukes you can bleed the US for welfare payment FOREVER... Iran is not supid.... Its money in the baG

tic tic tic tic tic...they're stalling!!!!

Pretty soon everyone will have bomb's and know one will know who's fired first,when that happens everyone else will fire theirs until there's nothing left,can't we since we are a super power just take them all AWAY,how super are we,just say a pray and hope for the best.

The nation that illegally has nukes, that extorts over $4 billion every year from the US tax slaves in additional debt bondage to the criminal bankers are the real threat, not our fellow white people in Iran who hate the Sunni wahabbi Arans from al-CIAda as much as the people of the US do, while our government &amp; media love them when they are murdering Syrian christians &amp; their moderate secular muslim friends and neighbors

obozo has a plan ,,to give iran the bomb,,, then obama will yell alla is great

yuh...yuh... ok?? meantime that insane aminidibbiefukker is going to lauch world war friggin' THREE and we just sit around thumbless (up our #$%$) and -philosiphize.   . . rotasruck, there, ooh, btw, BOOM  friggin BOOM on Tel aviv and now we have to get involved. Thank you,   HUSSEIN Obama.   Go bow to the #$%$ east, #$%$.   do it several time a day, as is your habit.#$%$."Iran says it has a sovereign right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes". What a biased reporting! This right is granted to Iran by Non-Proliferation Treaty US, among others, signed. Now US government pushing absurd claims against Iran while completely ignoring and covering for real abuser of nuclear bombs - Israel, the country in so many violations of international laws it is sick!

What are you fluffy Democrats gonna do about this nut Amadinerjacket ?? Buy him a taco ??

when is the ahartide rouge country israel gonna get its nukes seen to the world?

Will a cyber attack on Iran's computers suffice instead of a costly invasion of their country?

No one can stop to Iran ambition they already prove to the world they can built their own war machine: tanks, ship, planes, submarines, guns and missiles. Iran fools the world especially America and Israel that their nuclear is for peaceful purposes.

To the haters and war mongers: please get your facts straight. The US (along with UK, France, and the rest) know very well Iran is not aiming at producing nuclear weapons. Why they are not reaching an agreement? Here are the simple facts: Iran has about 187 Kg of 20% enriched uranium (you need 90% enriched to make a bomb) which it needs to run its nuclear plants that generate electricity. Iran and Russia offered that this amount be transferred to another country (to allay the western fears, just in case they had honest legitimate fears) and in return the west will process this uranium and give it back to Iran so that it can run its plants. Iran wanted to do that in installments; Iran transfers 20 kg, say, it gets processed and returned to Iran. Then Iran transfers another 20 kg and so on. The west's answer which Iran has been rejecting was: Iran immediately transfers all the processed uranium it has outside the country. The west will process it on its own time and return it when it sees fit. No commitments on the part of the west. Why should Iran trust the west?Iran was a monarchy for 1000s of years, and when in the 1950 they toppled the monarchy and established a democratic government, the US planned, financed, and directed the overthrow of that government. When in the 1979 Iran's people toppled the monarchy again and elected an islamic government, Saddam Hussein attached Iran shorlty afterwards  believing that it is an easy target as a result of being in a state of transformation. The US and the west fully supported Saddam Hussein. They provided him with arms and intelligence and money (thru the arab gulf countries).The question again: Why should Iran trust the west?

Iran as well as North Korea will never give up their nuclear ambition until they are hit. Their stupid and stiff adherence to physics away from chemicals is really worrisome. Alas anyone who smells gun poweder?

AK dont forget china in the equation of NK nukes, They use NK to deflect their unquenchable thirst for power. NK cant afford a dollar burger in McDs. Saw they were eating dirt for food. Feel sorry for our younger boys. I am sure they will be at war with them They will be if not already our biggest enemy. I just pray our society will let our boys be men and stop trying to have a.... oops i better stop there

If America doesn't act forcefully, neither will the other other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council. Still in Afghanistan, struggling economy, doesn't seem like a sound move to attack another country for trying to aquire weapons the U.S. and its allies, and its enemies already have.

Is it just me or does the UN have a #$%$?Isnt this the same thing as the pot calling the kettle black?

STALLING- I mean, #$%$ are they kidding.They will not stop until they have nukes and anyone giving them proposals is wasting time. The only thing that will work is to bomb the stuffing out of them.

The powerplan look very clean and beautiful. I want my wedding to be in fornt of it.

Iran can not be trusted....... They are Terrorists looking to hold the world hostage with a nuclear weapon,  Iran President Mohamoud AMadNutJob looks like "Satan" "Omen" "Lucifer"if Iran or North Korea are able to deliver a Nuke..........The World will be Anihilated.

for the no name idiots that wonder why israel has nukes and not iran??..you have to be not only ignorant but an anti semite jackass,you also know nothing about those people...the majority does not want peace they want distruction,look at their freaking dwelling places,slums..why you ask the question again why they cant have this or that remind your self how stunted you are in life..better yet go over there and live..not even the ones from there want to go back..and as for nukes,several countries should not have them at all.....im pretty sure the end is near....

Why can some countries have nuclear weapons and others can't?  Seems that's a bit hypocritical.  Each country is sovereign.  Can Iran tell USA or Israel to have no nukes?  I don't think so.  If Iran makes a nuke, they aren't going to use it, if they did, it would be the end of them.

Never fear George Bush I &amp; II were here for 12 miserable FAILED years!   Suck on that duncesuckershi'ites!!!!

Who says that only Western powers can have nuclear weapons? Where is that written on? The Bible?,  US Constitution?, where?.  We are the only country who ever used one...I guest we know how to handle them more than anybody else.

Seems as though The United States of Shi'ite-for-Brains CAN NO LONGER STAND DOWN ITS ENEMIES REAL OR IMAGINED.   DunceSUCKERshi'iteNATION of primordial ooze fecal matter knows NOTHING ABOUT ANYTHING.  The End of THE LINE U.S. OF SHAM-O-CRACY.

Bulding a nuclear bomb is not a big deal these days. Keeping the peace is the one.Why are we being so tough on Iran having nukes? Because they have made threats against Israel? Many countries have nukes and all of them realize the real damage should they be used and these countries restrain their use. Their main purpose for the nukes is defense. If Iran were stupid enough to use them, pretty sure Iran would be turned into a total sandbox within hours by many neighboring countries!

If Israel and America and other countries have them why not Iran....because now you have to sit down and talk or mutual annihilation....or ALL nation should get rid of them...but to say Iran can't have them....We are no better....Look at our human rights record....We got blood on our hands too....

6 NUKES TO ISRAEL!!!!! PROBLEM SOLVED!!!!!!

Have A mushroom Obama it call Iran mushroom will have it soon in 2013

Guess what world either they play or they pay in the world for their nation, huh?

Iran wants the bomb, if the don't already have it from N Korea. They'll whiz on your leg and tell you its raining all day long....

to fuel a research reactor? Why would they lie?

IRAN will take full advantage of NPT bylaws, and will not waver to any bulling under the pressure from sick Zionists.

This means that we will send them billions of dollars to not make nukes like Clinton so effectively did to stop the North Koreans from developing nukes.

hinted at the prospect of a unilateral Israeli attack!! Please They all know anybody can start a war with them Iranians, but the ending will be in the hand of them Iranians. They are patient and after 1500 years the REALLY believe the Messiah will come, holy mother of #$%$ oh sorry forgot some believe that in the educated civilized WEST. LMAOwe wont do squat till we lose a city, the all the wussie Monday morning quarterback expert know it all's in this country will be whining and crying about how we should have prevented it, and why? cause we're the Grizwalds!!!!

I the land of unlimited oil and fuel, why do they possibly need nuclear power?

it is to get at the Iranian oil, stupid

KA-BOOOOM!.....coming soon!

Iran needs many nuclear weapons from the war monger israel and USA and UK

I'll believe Iran is goin to wipe off Israel out the map, go go go Iran y'all can do it #$%$ those Jews.

Flesh out???....

NO one has the right to stop someone else doing something if YOU are doing the same thing in your own back yard, since no one stopped you, what gives you the right to prevent others.Oh what a waste of time.....regurgitating  SOS............same old #$%$.Why cant the West work to take care of their economy and stop interfering in others affairs, and become responsible for their own actions.Why that coward Nut-case doesn't want to meet face to face with the Iranians and "thrash" it out across the table, like 'gentlemen' without a shouting match..............is it possible, perhaps...! but not likely..he would rather hide behind the American skirt.

all the world talks about..war..war  #$%$ sad

Iran is stalling there waiting till their scientists get their bombs. Once they do they'll show the world by using one