Let's honor all other nations' sovereignty by stopping all monetary aid.

Ziggy,what kind of drugs are you on ¿¿¿

Bring our troops home, stop the financial giveaways to Afghanistan and Pakistan, and leave these countrys to solve their own problems. We have enough trouble at home without having to try to clean up someone elses #$%$! We aren't in these wars to win, just to perpetuate the fighting. If we were in it to win, it would have been done years ago. WW2, a world conflict against 2 very worthy adversaries, was won by a coalition of free world countries in only 4 years. So, why are we still there after over 11 years fighting 7th century fanatics? Does the welfare of the defense industries have anything to do with it? D'ya think?

I have an idea - why not stop all the drone attacks in Pakistan to make them happy.  Then stop all monies going into that country, since I am sure they do not want infidel money.  Use those billions to pay for the servicemen college fund that got pulled due to the "cuts".  Good thing there is still money to send Obama's kids on vacation in Mexico for Spring Break on our dime, though.

Well according to Pakistan Bin Laden wasn't in their country. So should we believe them on this?

First. I don't believe anything Pakistan says. Second, I don't believe anything the UN says.Third, I don't believe anything the Associated Press reports. So, just bring our people home and let these thugs kill each other, just as they have for 10,000 years.

That's funny, I never saw any Secret UN Missions into Taliban camps to make sure our Prisoners of war were being treated according to the Geneva Convention and the rules of war. I never saw any UN Condemnations of Taliban violence or of Pakistan's clandestine support of Terror groups or Human rights abuses (like shooting women in the throat for dare getting an education). The UN Sure likes to pick and choose their outrages.

Haha, CNN isnt even allowing comments on this article on their website.

The drones can't be all that good.  There is no indication that they have "brought justice" to any of the Saudi businessmen or government officials who were identified as partially funding the 9-11 attacks.

We're on our way to a drone controlled society. The next 30 years will be messy.

If Pakistan wants us to quit killing terrorists, then pull all funding going to Pakistan both military and humanitarian.The USA reminds me of how some of our young kids are being raised.  Give them everything and they turn into shnit

Alright, no more drone strikes.  And no more aid, Pakistan.  You're on your own.

The UN is a farce.

Remember:  the Obama administration claims it has the right to do the same thing in the US mainland.

of course it is in violation of their sovereignty, why is it the media that wants to hammer bush for the CIA interrogation of terrorist aren't there to say a word about this.

Hey, Obama doesn't care and he has the Nobel Peace Prize to show for it!

Okay, I want to throw this out there to the people that still believe the official 911 story. Innocents killed. This is a tragedy and the people that have done that are monsters. So...let's throw this card down on the table. The drones are out there killing innocent people. Yeah, I'd classify that as a tragedy as well. Do you think they think we're monsters for killing their innocents? People need to think about this long and hard. It reeks of shades of "Do as I say and not as I do." Now flip it. "Our American innocents being killed is a huge deal. Your innocents being killed isn't a big deal." Do you buy that?

We're looking more and more like the bad guys, bring out troops home from this hell hole region, stop sending billions in aid while we cut off funding for vital programs that benefit our people

This was or "terrorism"is perpetual.  US bombs people killing innocents, and as a result their relatives hate the US and join the "terrorists" which then the US targets as "terrorists" and bomb more people killing innocents, and then their relatives join the terrorists.... it never ends... and those who don't get it need some good meds..

If Bush had done this we would have people marching on the White House, its all politics and its tearing America apart.Dead civilians only matter when Republicans are in office.

Hilarious.UNITED Nations, WORLD Bank, WORLD Trade Organization, WORLD Health OrganizationNational sovereignty died a long time ago

Innocents being killed--you think we're making friends? You think they understand? Would you? "Wow, my friend or family member was just killed by a drone. Oh, War on Terror? I got it. We understand. It's okay. It's fine." NO WAY is that the thought process going on. I imagine we'll get to experience it here sooner or later. Everybody was fine with drones in other countries. Why? Because we're getting those terrorists! Except when innocent people get killed! OH! Let us monitor American citizens in this country using the drones. Outrage? Fear? Worry? NOPE! "I'm not doing anything wrong so I don't care what they see." or "lulz, I lead a boring life anyway so they'd probably just be bored to death." NO! I don't care if you're the most boring person alive or if you're the most exciting person ever--you shouldn't be watched as if you're guilty of doing something. Innocent until proven guilty? NOT ANYMORE! It's all foot in doorways. They'll have a false flag and people will swallow this garbage one more time. "We just gotta use these drones to keep you safe from the boogiemen." "Alright! Thank you so much for doing such a wonderful job on keeping us safe." Talk about living in bizarro world.

Anyone remember someone winning a Nobel Peace Prize? Somehow I fail to see how killing people with drones is peaceful.

Send Obama to Pakistan to stand trial for war crimes.

Drones killing civilians by Obama's hand......waterboarding....uhhhhhh.....Where is the left on this one?

An innocent person is an innocent person no matter where they live or what they look like.

has this IDIOT ever checked out a suicide bomber site to see how many children were killed , wake up stupid WAR is not how nice you can be to others it is about killing

I never have heard the UN condem the Taliban for killing 3000 civilians on 911.

Question for the Board: If the Nobel Committee had opted to wait and see how Obama's presidency turned out before deciding whether or not to award the prize, do you think he would ultimately have received it?Bwahahahahahahaha ha ha HA.See, the Democrats were right as rain.  All we had to do was elect Barack Obama, and the world would love us.LOL.

So, let's get to the nitty gritty. The American Left is still calling W Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, and Condoleezza Rice war criminals who should be tried for crimes against humanity but is either silent or full of excuses when President "Disposition Matrix" Obama is blowing away civilians, including American citizens, in sovereign countries where the US Congress has not authorized military action. And the week before his Attorney General writes the President has the "right" to shoot targets in the US. The American Left has written the book on lying and hypocrisy. What else is new?

O's warm up for the The "terrorists" of the USA

Nah, they're just practicing before they violate your sovereignty.

The hypocritical liberal...

Speaking of Drones, has anyone seen Joe Biden lately?

Really UN? So...terrorist groups training in Waziristan to attack Americans around the world isn't violating our sovereignty?

Yeah, but 0bama received a Nobel Peace Prize!

And the UN's Point is what?  Their  border is getting Our's and Nato's troops killed , they call their own Tribal Lands  dangerous'

We need a President and Congress that will Stop funding the U.N.Obama heeds Taliban warning brings home all drones to use against US citizens

We kinda sit on Pakistan's Government , because they are the only Islamic country that has nuclear weapons. The truth being is there are two branches of the Pakistani Government. 1) the part that sympathizes withe Taliban and the terrorist. 2) the part that is paid off by the CIA to keep the nukes in check. They are also the part that lets the CIA do what ever they want so long as they get paid.

If there was a foreign army on American soil and you attacked them, you would be known as a terrorist. Think about that. We do not belong over there. We are there to steal the Lithium from the Afgan mountains.

US citizens say US drones will invade privacy and kill US citizens.

Can't wait for drones from all over the world attacking the US.

When the ( expletive deleted ) are our politicians, who are supposed to be OUR ELECTED SERVANTS, going to wake the ( expletive deleted ) up, get the ( expletive deleted ) out of the rest of the world's business, and START TAKING CARE OF AMERICA!

Leave these people to their own fates, get out of there, and stop all the money.

saying precision weapons help avoid significant civilian casualties. Your setting down to a Friday supper with friends and one of them are suppose to be with the militia that is against the government, you put the name of a government here, a missal strikes killing everyone but you and the supposed leader.  That is who the significant civilian casualties are.

allegations denied by the United States.--The govt loves to cover up and lie about a lot of things. Why wouldn't they cover up and lie about this to?

US should stop funding the UN and leave the organization altogether.War Drones. Only the U.S. has 'em. Only the U.S. uses them. Bang! Bad guys DED.Of course the U.N. can't pass this opportunity to pizz on their benefactor. They always do.Gee, blow up the WTC and get Preditors. Pay back!

drones....coming to a city or town near you soon.  :)

Obama is really pushing these drones, even having the balls to fly them in the US to spy on civilians.   If our country continues their nefarious ways, there will be a price to pay.Unfortunately too many of our population are too lazy or stupid to do anything to root out the corruption and criminal elements in government.   Continuously voting the 2 party system which is basically contributing to the problem.   Both parties are criminal to our constitution and our bill of rights.   We, the people, need to stop this now before we become a police state.Unmanned drone strikes should be outlawed across the world, just as land mines.  They have proven again and again that unmanned planes can not distinguish between enemy and ally.We shouldn't even be allowed to have drones or fighter jets in Pakistani air space as we are not at war with them.   You think we would be happy if another country had drones flying over US lands, claiming they are used to target islamic militants?

Drone strikes are bad, they have even been OKed for use in the US against its own citizens. However, that being said, the UN is making us look bad to the world. They are not heros! They encourage us to do their dirty work, and then criticize us for what they encouraged us to do. They are instigators who want to see the US fall, and even want to lead us into civil war, so that they can take away our liberties. Wake up USA! We are being played like pawns. We need to worry about the UN violating our sovereignty!

And Obama wants them here, What a piece of work.

So what's the UN stand on the sovereignty of the United States when it is being over run with illegals.

Okay, Obama, you criticized Bush for flouting the concerns of the United Nations and acting unilaterally.  You were all righteous about "respecting international law."  So whatcha gonna do?  Keep up the drone overflights, or comply with the United Nations?DO TELL, MR. NOBEL PRIZE INTERNATIONALIST.

Obama is giving the Nobel Peace Prize a whole new meaning.

The US trusted Pakistan so little that they didn't tell  them about the Osama Bin Laden raid until after it happened. That should tell us something.

Serious question.....do the families of the terrorists count as civilians? If they do they shouldn't Males will be raised to emulate their fathers, and women of those guys are just as crazy.As long as Pakistan let al-Qaida and Tiliban stay in their county they are open to fire from our domes. It is what it is.

Give the UN what it is implying . Pull our military out of all other countries.  We could use then to secure our own borders.

A total of 3 people were waterboarded in the Bush administration. Liberals wanted him impeached and tried as a war criminal. What say yea hipocrites?

The US government uses drones to spy on it's own civilians, they are not going to stop spying on other countries. This is exactly why the US has many countries who wish for it's demise. They can't keep their nose out of other countries business.

I had a dream the other night.  It was the year 2015, and I was walking in the streets of Washington, DC while snow was falling -- or at least it looked like snow, even though it was really a fine ash.  I walked among the smouldering ruins of what had been the White House, and picked up a battered piece of metal.It was Obama's Nobel Peace Prize medallion.

The loss of sovereignty is the price to be paid for the safe harbor of Taliban and al-Qaida non uniformed combatants.

Not when you're harboring the enemy that keeps attacking the US. What happens when we leave? Who will the taliban be killing then? Answer:other Muslims.

How can it be United Nations when half of them hate each other?? Nothing but a joke

Aren't "militants" civilians?

Given the type of "transparency" we get from Obama, it's dang near impossible to really know who to believe.We need to leave now......... and take our money with us......

Until the UN pays the tab for itself perhaps they should keep their mouths shut,  better yet since tge UN likes to go behind our back we board up the UN HQ in New York and auction off all of their #$%$ sell the building and tell them to suck it.

when the white house is the kings house only the king can invite others he can cut through the laws of the land and the world after all he is king

So I wonder what the U.N. (Useless Nations) would say if the U.S. stopped paying and supporting two thirds supporting the U.N....?  Get out of the U.N.!!!!

Does the money we give you violate anything

The Nobel Foundation saw fit to honor Obma with the Nobel Peace Prize. Since he received the Peace Prize, he has been involved in placing troops on the ground in Africa, been involved in Libya, refused to become involved in Syria until thousands upon thousands died, has used drone attacks in Yemen and Pakistan, has not closed Gitmo, and has promoted class warfare in the US. TheNobels should be proud.

I feel if another country were putting drones in our skies and accidentally killing civilians we'd disallow it too. That said, the Pakistani government has shown it lies and has no interest in helping combat extremism within its borders, so SOMETHING must be done, ask India.

So our guys are getting killed there but our drones are violating their air space ? Plus we give them billions in aid each year. Get our troops the hell out of that vile country, cease all aid and let them fall back into the 11th century where they belong. #$%$ is Obama doing ? I dont think he has the slighest clue.

It's time to Drone the UN!!!!

Pakistan publicly objects, but privately agrees to the drone strikes.  The UN can make noise, but I doubt much will change.  We need the overland roads through Pakistan to bring back our men and materiel.  So we need them and we will have to pay them off for a while longer, through 2014.  Then I would hope we downsize our aid to these countries.Nothing to see here folks. As long as it's a Democrat doing this it's okay, but gawd forbid a Republican do such a thing. They would picked a part by the media. I have no problem with who kills the #$%$ but the media on the other hand is only good with it if it's their people who do it.

[@Dr. Phil Osopher wrote: "Obama is a Black Bush, same ish deferent president"]Obama is more cynical, ruthless and calculating than Bush ever thought about being.Even Bush never arrogated to himself powers to spy on the Internet or act as judge, jury and executioner and carry out drone strikes on American citizens on American soil without so much as the necessity to give an explanation.What Bush started, Obama has consolidated and extended and formalized into policy.Libs could care less now; they're all obsessed with blaming "Shrub" for spilled milk.  After all, they imagine, Obama is basically benign, so it is not really disturbing that he should reserve such powers for himself.  Ah, but even if that were true (why was al-Awlaki's teenaged son killed by a separate drone strike, again?), it ignores the obvious fact that Obama will not be president forever -- and that the precedents he has set will be inherited by his successor.  THIS IS HOW FREEDOM IS LOST AND AUTHORITARIANISM REARS ITS UGLY HEAD.Liberals have failed us.  We need new liberals; the present crowd is just a bunch of cheerleading tools for the Dem establishment, shills, poseurs.

Interesting that the UN has to have a "SECRET" investigation.  Why did they need to keep secrets from Obama?

While we have sequestration we should stop funding the U.N.

carpet bomb pakistan,light up the whole country,then come home

Maybe dumbed down Americans need to see some photos of kids being blown up by these drones..But don't worry, soon you will have your own drones flying in your head since it is obvious the average American is too stupid to realize they are losing their liberties.

I think that when any nation sponsors hate and violent jihad against any other nation the soveriegnty of that nation is null and void.  Criminals and their hideouts will be sought out andbrought to justice however the circumstance may or may not lend themselves to the fact.

the press would go ape poo if this were happening under bush. they and many others crucified him on water-boarding which is at most a mild form of torture. but there are reportedly at 400 civilian deaths here. i wonder how obama supporters feel about the president's approach. don't water-board anyone but hey, if ya end up killing civilians- well, that's ok. btw- i don't oppose the use of drones. the terrorists hate them because they can't kill an american pilot so no real glory in it.but this won't be too big a deal these days. the american media loves the current president and thus- it won't get much play.

yeah never forget they were harboring bin laden

What could of been done in the U.S.with the billions sent to Pakistan?--Bail out struggling home owners--Invest in MORE JOBS that will stay IN AMERICA.--Feed hungry children in the U.S.--Buy school supplies for school education system.--Pay some loans back from China.... anything else but giving money to the enemy..#$%$ violates US sovereignity by training and supplying terrorists on their soil to attack American troops in Afghanland. The UN, on the other hand, can eat my huge American salami. They have no authority in the United States.

The road to Tyranny is a long one. First lose respect for the rights of others and of other nations and treat them as if they are below you. Next lose respect for your own rights, allow the government to treat you as if you are below them. One step follows another until a peace loving people who only wanted to live free have change in oppressive monsters.

As a former soldier, I find it somewhat unusual that a precision drone strike that results in civilian casualties is ok, and the collateral damage goes in the category of "s--- happens", but when a young service member in fear of his life makes a bad call and kills or wounds a civilian with a $500 rifle, all hell breaks loose and he gets totally crucified.

Is President Obama headed for The Hague...........?

The UN "says" lots of things, but little that has a real affect on life. It is a useless organization and deserves teh same end, as teh League of Nations, though that end was finalized by WWII. In the wrold of expensive suits, words are cheap and men are hard to find.

Down with Barry Obarry!

One drone fires a missle and people die.  I guess Mr. Emmerson would rather that US Troops should die while trying to get to the "enemy".  Pakistan is playing BOTH sides for their own advantage.  The Pakistani government doesn't want the Taliban OR al-Quida to get any foothold in the country knowing full well that the nut cases would take over and they would be killed.  The Pakistani intelligence service has knowingly given information to the CIA for the drone strikes in their country.  Why is it that US Citizens won't believe the US Government, but will believe just about everything the Pakistani Government says?  Since I am an American, I tend to believe the information my government puts out over what a foreign government says.  In a country were every male person big enough to carry an automatic weapon always has one, HOW do you tell the difference between a "civilian" and a "fighter"?  It's not like in the old western movies were the "good guys" wore white hats and the "bad guys" wore black ones.  40 people attend a Taliban approved wedding, all the males in the wedding party carry automatic weapons, the Pakistani Intelligence Service gets word through the "grapevine" from someone who doesn't approved of the marrige for some reason, and the Service is led to believe that it's a gathering of Taliban fighters and an "important" leader will be there.  The Service then contacts the CIA with the information and the gps coordinates.  The CIA sends a drone, the drone operator sees 40 people with guns, fires a missle and 20 people die.  How many were civilians and how many were "fighters"?   Change the scene from "drone warfare" to troop fighting.  A team of 20 US Special Forces is sent to "attack" that Taliban group of "fighters", they sneak into the area and start shooting, the fighters start shooting back.  How many people do you think will end up dying that day?

The report prepared and printed courtesy of US taxpayers.

The UN should move to France.  Let them fund it.

SCREW THE UN.This is a war, people get killed.

U.N. does not like us using drones to kill terrorist............. SO!!!!!!

a secret research trip?yea right.how many of those do you think they do in a year?humans suck.

"The head of a U.N. team investigating casualties from U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan declared after a secret research trip to the country that the attacks violate Pakistan's sovereignty."Yeah... that sort of thing happens in war.  So what?I wonder though if the UN is as concerned by the violations of Pakistan's sovreignty by the terrorists operating within that country.When Pakistan decides to clean house and take care of its business and stop allowing terrorists to operate in their country with impunity, we'll stop using those drones there.

What irony if Obama is hauled up on war criminal charges by his own fellow liberal-progressives in Europe.

They are absolutely right. We should stop any violations by stopping aid.

9-11 4000 civilians dead, pakastan had a national yard  party in the streets, Is it still funny?

Pakistan is an insult to the US. Tell the UN pisants to go pound sand! If Pakistan will stop harboring terrorists, then we will stop killing them on Pakistan's land.

Oh hold on a minute...cue Obama and get the tear factory flowing..C'mon...wipe that fake tear out of your eye while you tell us how we just have to ban drones we just have to...for the children!  Let's take some pictures of the children (oh yes when they are Pakistanis or Afghan kids they don't count...now do they??!!) with their arms and legs ripped off.  I want to hold the pictures up while you tell me how YOU ordered the strike!  How YOU are in charge!Oh yes...but YOU care so much for the children YOU just have to ban AR15's.You sir most certainly do NOT represent me or any of the values I believe in...and I believe I speak for the majority of Americans!

Maybe our Military should do a few drone flybys on the UN Building. Pulling banners that say, LEAVE NOW or we come back.No drones,no money and that goes for the UN...

Maybe the U.N. can ask Pakistan nicely to stop protecting terrorists?.... Make book they knew and know Bin Laden and all the others were and are there.

If a Republican were in office there would be 5 articles a day for the last 5 years about this. This is wrong. Killing 15 women and children just to kill 3 men who we label terrorist is not okay. No matter who is in office. I know we "save" our men by being able to do this but a robotic war and soldiers makes war too impersonal. That sounds like a weird thing to say but its true. We should stop armed drone warfare. Still have Recon Drones for overseas but not armed to the teeth with missils. JMO that we're on a way to a drone controlled society so we need to stop now

To h_ll with the UN.

Aid money!!. Call it what it really is. Its bribe money, pure and simple.

At least get the government's approval Obama. Technically this is an act of war. Then we wonder why the terrorists hate us more.

Move the civilians to the borders and put the targeted people in the center or get rid of them your selves ,could work in any country so place them and call the drone delivery service.

Of course it violates their sovereignty. Just imagine if China had drones over the US all the time shooting random "terrorists". I'm pretty sure we would say that violates our sovereignty.

It's amazing that people still think that Osama was behind 9/11. Not only did the CIA help create him, but they have provided ZERO evidence that he was behind 9/11... this is why people hate the US around the world. SO many dumb gullible freaking people here.

So..........Let them take oblunder in for war crimes. Then stop all foreign aid to any country that does not like us (that would be all of them)

They went off of reports that the Pakistan Gov. gave them regarding the Death Toll, what does  this tell you. Happy Hunting Boys,keep those Drones a Firing.

Well If Pakistan would take care of the problem we would not have too but since they seem to offer support to these terrorist that the USA is currently at war with we will take care of the problem.Also, no innocent Civilians live near these terrorist, they are supporters of these terrorist which makes them legal war targets.   If you are not part of the solution you are part of the problem and we use drone strikes to fix the problem.Just like if you harbor a figurative, you are breaking the law and will be charged, this is no different, we are at war with Terrorist, if you support or shelter these terrorist you are also our enemy.   Its not rocket science here.

the thing that should worry us most is ...... someday all countrys will have these things911 will be nothing to what will happen

I care what the UN said as much as what Ahmadinejad said.

Forget the Taliban per se. Let's just look at Pakistan in relative isolation as it relates politically and militarily to the US.  What kind of ally fails to control belligerents against us in a critical border area letting said belligerents have a free hand in an otherwise safe haven (except for the armed drones' intervention)?  What kind of ally would knowingly give sanctuary to a mortal enemy of an ally (Bin Laden)? What kind of ally extorts vast sums in order to pass logistics and war supplies for an ally (stopping trucks etc en route to Afghanistan)? KEEP THE ARMED DRONES ACTIVE OVER PAKISTAN! Better yet get our troops out of that viper's nest altogether. Bring them home today...

The UN does little or nothing to stop the terror upon civilians of the world. Pakistan known as the harborer of terrorists and armed with nuclear weapons should be considered an enemy of the world. Bin Laden hid in Pakistan for 10 years under their protection.If our President sends drones to eliminate terrorist leaders, it is a wise decision. It beats sending troops and these are troops whom volunteer to protect our population from those who believe a military draft is unlawful and those incapable of fighting a war. We are at war no matter how much we don't want it.This prolonged war is the direct result of Bush's invasion of a soverign country, Iraq. That attack awoke the Muslim world to where it stands today.A President has always had the power to kill Americans. Don't be fooled to think they have not. What do you think the CIA does.As for Ryan, he is an imbicile. A father and his son who have never had the courage to serve their country in battle like so many politicians today, yes, including Obama, yet one attempts at destroying our enemies, while the others want to destroy our government calling it liberty.

I wonder if the relatives of those 400 INNOCENT people got mad and joined the "terrorists"   what would you do if CHina dropped bombs on your friend sand family because they didn't like some people here..

King Hussein does not care about innocent civilians.. over there, or the ones here.  He's only interested in his agenda and being greedy.

More like Terminators in the sky.Good riddance.

Maybe if they weren't hiding terrorists we wouldn't bomb them. They take our money while they hide our enemies.

So many problems with this1. If Pakistan is an ally ( which one would hope by the billions we're giving them ) why are they harboring terrorists and why did they give Bin Ladin sanctuary?2. Why do the terrorists live among people that we are calling civilians? If they live among terrorists willingly doesn't that kind of make them terrorists too? If they are among terrorists for reasons out of their control ( see # 1 ) then why isn't THEIR government doing something about it?3. Why is the UN, which is almost completely funded by the U.S. conducting secret investigations using U.S. taxpayer money to investigate the U.S.? Is funding the UN to investigate us the best way to use our tax dollars when we are spiraling down in debt? Is conducting secret investigations of another UN member even legal or allowed?4. Why is the drone program hush-hush here? If it is good why isn't Obama bragging about it? If it is bad why are we doing it?5. If the UN decided to make a secret investigation of the U.S., who approved it? Does the UN NOT answer to anyone? If so, isn't that a little scary?

Pakistan is so full of it, they've been up and down and whining about us for years now, that is until it's time to get our "hand-outs", like the billions of dollars they're given every year!!  I wonder how much the terrorists give them to "look the other way"?!!  I vote to keep the drones flying, they're saving our soldiers lives!!

UN says that we violated Pakistani sovereignty.  They are quite correct.And their point is?

"President Barack Obama has stepped up covert CIA drone strikes""the Pakistani government told him it has confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones on its territory"Now if they could only find a way to blame it on Bush...

We should quit giving money to countries that hate us. I'm quite sure, they will do that for free!!

Coming soon to an area near you and me. Stand with Rand or bury your head in the sand. Your choice.

Lets just skip the drones and point out the fact that he wants to shoot missiles at people. This is the guy that wants to ban 9 bullets in a magazine, but he's cool with the indiscrimination of a missile....

i agree bring our drones home and our money also they are using us .the U.N. is an arm of Islamists and serves no useful purpose.

Does this mean they want the peace prize back?

And we should care what the UN say because......?

The UN and Pakistan? Sorry, I do not spend much time worrying about what they think.

watch out the drones are coming to your neighbor hood soon.  Who can you trust. When will this stop when one of our senators is assinated by a drone

You mean Obama has killed more innocent people than the legal American gun owners.  We need to ban drones.

Candidate Obama, before he was elected for the first term, and even since his election I believe, stated on more than one occasion "we need to repair our damaged/diminished reputation as a nation around the world."  While I certainly don't believe everything a country that was harboring Bin Laden says about all their alleged casualties, I also don't believe every single strike has been so pinpoint accurate that NO civilian casualties at all have occurred.  I also don't believe Obama has kept this, among a multitude, of campaign promises.  In fact, one could argue he has sullied America's reputation more than he accused Bush of doing.

does the killing of non-combatents in a nation in which you did not declare war on, make you a war criminal? a murderer? if that is so how can you be awarded a Nobel Peace Prize or still have one??

It's amazing to see how many people here actually like drones, but I like to ask you a question.  What if China drone bombed us here?.  Would you be upset?  And what would you do?  China would label you a terrorist if you did anything or spoke out against them... if you don't get the point, you are an idiot..

We aught to be 'slamming' the use of Drone over the U.S. to spy on American citizens, and the Presidents claim that he has the legal right to vaporize citizens who he decides are terrorists without giving them their right to 'due process.'I'm too fat to fly. I'm too scared to fight face to face. I'm too dumb to know better. Bring on the game boy warriors. LMFAAO

Pull our kids out of that hell hole, wait four months, drop the big one on kabul and knock out 80% of the bad guys in the area.  Pull the drones and stop the payments to pakistan.  Case closed in that part of the idiot terrorist world.

Obama's drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty and murder its people.

Drones, what drones? Just like Pakistan said, Osama bin Laden?  He is not here what are you talking about.

When Pakistan stopped going after al Qaeda in their country they basically ceded that territory to the terrorists whom they have no control over, it is no longer Pakistan.  If Pakistan will not go after the terrorists that attacked the US then we will.

I find myself in the unenviable position of backing our current President in this.  If there are civilian deaths involved in these attacks, they were either willing to shelter these murderers or the cowards were hiding in the civilian's midst.  Perhaps when these "civilians" learn that hiding murderers can be deadly, they will quit doing it.

Oh. but flying Drones over US skies is "Perfectly OK" though!!! Our Government sucks!!!

Let's see an "investigation" by the UN of US drone attacks in Pakistan. The only "proof" provided regarding the number of civilian deaths was a confirmation from the Pakistani government? The same Pakistani government that protected OBL for years. The same Pakistani government with an "outstanding" record on civil rights. The UN is such a joke. To bad we keep it afloat with our tax dollars.

the cold fact of the matter is this INNOCENT PEOPLE GET KILLED IN WAR  IT AINT RIGHT BUT IT HAPPENS all you have to do is READ SOME HISTORY  how many of OWN MILITARY  where killed when air strike missed ?? or ANYONE  OF A NUMBER REASONS

OH! WELL! If the U.N. say so.......Pakistan violates the sovereignty of Afghanistan, the United States of America, and many other nations by allowing the Taliban and other Islamic jihadists safe haven within their borders.

Is it better to kill American citizens with drones over there or better to bring them back and kill American citizens over here with them?

Drones do strike wrong/"innocent" targets regularly. They have collateral damage(kill people other than the intended target) regularly. DRONES ARE NOT SURGICAL. The only reason people think these things don't happen is because they don't see it. Drones are just another tool of war, and should be used as such. Use when warrented and it is the best method of achieving the military goal, not the political illusion that people don't die in war.

Good luck! This admin. thinks it is okay to kill Americans here on American soil if they so please!

How about the Paks controlling their own country. The Pak government will not or can not control the tribal areas. The Paks just dislike being shown to the world their impotence or corroboration with the stone age islamist of the tribal areas.

Tell me again. What did Obama get the Nobel Peace Prize for?

maybe if they would give the Islamic fools we would be doing it. They want our money and Islamic fools

But it doesn't violate anything if they are used to kill people here.

Considering that Pakistan denies exporting terrorism while allowing terrorists to operate with impunity in their country, the conclusion the drone strikes violates Pakistani sovereignty is questionable due to the duplicity and corruption of their government .

Come on, it's not as bad as what Bush did, pouring water on people's faces.The stinkin UN and it took a trip to make this claim?? How many Americans were killed by these so called "civilians". They get called innocent civilians when they are killed but taliban when they are alive. We need to stop all aid to this #$%$ country and pull out or blow up anything that we had their buildings included.

And the Pakis hid Bin Ladin for 9 years. Collateral damage. Who cares? We should quit giving them money as well.

We didn't start it. but i doubt we are going to finish it. sadly. WW2 we help end a World War in 4 years. now we are having trouble with idiots and taking voer 11 years. What happen to the Might of America?

coming to america real soon

UN tried to investigate journalists killings by US Helicopter gunships in Afghanistan &amp; US put pressure &amp; stopped that investigation. But CNN Anderson had a report for 1 week on a  Libyan prostitute "apparently raped" by Libyan  soldiers. Later he did not file a report saying that the prostitute made up the story &amp; now in US with a green card ~~. We the stupid Ameriklans .

It's their country, if they want the US out, then get the hell out.

First they give Obama the Noble Peace prize for doing nothing and now they are making him a war criminal for using the least lethal weapon for taking out terrorist. Got to love this planet.

Just imagine the outcry if the headline said Bush instead of Obama. Two faced liberals,do you wonder why you are despised.

oh wait. i get it now. The govt wants to use drones in the us because it is not sure it can convince national guardsmen to open fire on citizens. plus the rearming of the REAL militia.

War is war , civilians who hide and support our enemies will die , that's what war is about.i think O-Blame-o has killed more people than all of the other Nobel Peace Prize winners combined....just like the national debt......and a lot more civilian deaths than "evil black rifles".....

The UN reports state nothing about the Pakistanis hiding terrorists and criminals among their civilian population so that any attack will result in collateral damage. Pakistan is the reason why these criminals still exist.

If this had occured during the Bush administration,the two faced,doubly standared,liberal news media would have been all over this.Understand,people,that the liberal media are laughing at you because they are controling what you do and think.

emmerson be poisoned next...

When the ENEMY chooses to hide among the innocent people in the area HE is the one that is putting those people at Risk not the US !

I love the New York insignia on the drone picture---Priceless Payback...

I say we need to just start dropping the BIG ONE on all these lttle whine #$%$  countries and be done with it.

...and do the American people hold the commander in chief accountable or his administration? Can we all remember this moment, that this is occurring under a democrat presidents watch.

kick the UN out of the U.S.

I say #$%$ Pakistan and quit giving these #$%$ holes American taxpayer money.Someone help me out here.  Does this come under the category of "hope," "change" or "forward"?  Thanks.

The only problem I see is that the warhead on Hellfire missiles is rather small. We need a bigger drone that can carry 2000 lb JDAM's.

Is owe-bamay a war criminal?

What was the last time anyone cared what the UN said?

If they kill bad guys it is good.

As much as I hate the drone program, Pakistan was caught red handed harboring Osama Bin Laden.

Hunt the terrorists everywhere on earth 24/7. They are anti-civilization and do not deserve to live. No borders. No restrictions. KILL THEM ALL. NO MONEY OR US LIVES SHOULD BE used. MORE DRONES. GET IT?

Pakistan is not a sovereign country. It is a collection of WARRING TRIBAL AREAS.UN needs to pull their collective heads out of their butts. Take their highly biased high minded marcisstic principals - and graft -  and get the hell out of the US!

BUT... The UN says nothing about how Pakistan supports terrorist who kills Americans... Hell, it wouldn't surprise me the money we give to Pakistan is the money they pay the terrorist to kill Americans

but yet these drones are OK for our own government to use on usDrone is Pakistan's national bird.

This atheist is starting to think there must be a God after all.  Who else could play such a practical joke on humanity as to cause the Nobel Committee to award a peace prize to the American president whose feckless foreign policy culminated in the Third World War?

Can you imagine the liberal outcry if this report was about the Bush administration?  How's that Nobel Peace Prize looking?

Ok, now what building did that report come out of ?

Obama's Nobel Prize will furnish a lighthearted moment in an otherwise grim historical period.  History students until the end of recorded civilization will be overcome with a belly-laugh when they learn that the man whose feckless, ideologically-driven policies were most responsible for dragging the planet to the precipice of  the Third World War, was awarded the most prestigious peace prize before he had even accomplished anything of any significance, let alone anything positive.

I say its time to stop giving aid to Pakistan as they are not our friends and to reduce funding to the UN and help the people in the United States and use some of the savings to reduce our debt.

Way to go, O.  Turn on that world-renowned charisma, that famous Obama charm.  They'll clap loud and hard to your face.  They love you -I mean, really, genuinely love you.Just make sure you don't turn your back to them.

Time to cut bait and run with Pakistan.  They harbored and hid bin Laden, and they're still supporting the Afghan Taliban.  The way to win in Afghanistan is by dropping Pakistan and wooing their arch-enemy, INDIA.  I'm talking missile shield bases, tech transfer, military aid, the whole shebang. WATCH HOW QUICKLY THE HORRIFIED PAKIS CHANGE THEIR ATTITUDE AND PLAY NICE.

Time to play hardball with the Pakis, who are the real instigators of Afghanistan.  Obama should announce that all troops will leave Afghanistan as is safely possible, given withdrawal logistics, and all foreign aid will end too.  At the same time, he should woo India with dramatically increased military and financial ties, ballistic missile shield bases, mutual protection agreements, technology transfer, etc., etc.  The strategy of Pakistan has been to cause trouble in Afghanistan so that we would be dependent on them, forcing us to remain aloof from India.  I say cut the Gordian knot and show the Pakis that their cynical policy is only working to drive us into the arms of their mortal enemies.  The Pakis will play nice REAL quick.  And even if they don't, well, hey, an Indian is worth a hundred times as a friend and ally than a Pakistani.

At least we TRY not to kill civillians, unlike the barbarians we're trying to kill that seek civillians (oh yeah, "infidels") out in the name of "god".Well if Pakistan says that they support the attacks, their outposts get attacked, as they have agreements with the Taliban. Therefore they are going to deny they support them. As for civilians getting killed, there is collateral damage in all hostile actions, either by drone or by pilot. The thing is that these cowards surround themselves with civilians (their own people) in order to try and protect themselves from attack.

Since the UN has such power, let them take over the problem bringing peace to Afghanistan and Pakistan!

Screw the UN!

"The remaining 56 were either civilians or tribal police"  that's called murder.

So, after a 3 day secret investigation this guy comes away with those conclusions. I like how he says the "pakistani government" opposes the strikes but he fails to mention anyone by name, wonder why that is...??? There is no way a pakistani official will publicly support these strikes, they would be killed within days of making that statement public....and I'm betting that some of those "civilians" that have been killed are family and/or friends of the terrorists. Sorry but if you know who they are and you don't turn them in you are no better than they are and deserve to meet the same fate!!!!!!!I say no problem, if Pakistan won't go after and KILL these terrorists (because they know where (and in some cases "WHO") these people are) I say it is time to STOP ALL the financial aid!!!!!They are NOT our allies, never have been and never will be!!!!!

Not a problem.  Lets honor our sovereignty through a simple act and statement.  Withdraw 100% all financial support and our military.  From here forward, if we have one attack from one terrorist from your country or any country for that matter, we will retaliate with extreme prejudice and destroy that city from which we can verify your terrorist organization is derived from.  Yes that would include your women and children no different than the point made during WWII when the Japanese lost their minds and attacked the US and refused to stop the war even after the US was positioned to defeat them.  Your government can either manage your people or we will manage them for you.  Peace through Strength.

Maxwell Smart - "we were this close" to the bad guys.

You know its pretty strange that we are thinking of using drones to kill terrorists and criminals in this country but we need to change gun laws to take away most guns from law abiding citizens and this is sounding like Nazi Germany pre-second world war 11. Disarm us and blow us up without a trial.......as freedom rings.

Yes it does violate Pakistan's sovereignty.  If any country did that to us it'd be war!  BUT...  Who's gonna stop us?  The UN?  No...it's good to be Rome!

If we are broke and Obama is on Yahoo 20 times a day telling us that all services here will soon stop, how can we afford drones over Pakistan? How can we afford a vacation in Florida and golf with Tiger?why should america care when the US government uses drones on its own people? where is americans sovereignty?

And they are just now figuring out that drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty?

People are so easily fooled! These drone attacks in other countries are to foster an attitude in the general US population that drones are good. They are doing this so that when the drones start killing people on US soil, there will be no opposition because the sheeple have been brainwashed into believing that drones are good.

Not to defend our drone policy, because it may be doing more harm than good, but it is a freaking UN report so who cares what they say.

TruthNFreedom- you said it best. and I do think you speak for most of the people.

their outrage against drone strikes does not preclude them from cashing checks sent by the US

You know what else violates a countries sovereignty? 20 Million illegal immigrants.

after the pakistanis were caught red handed hiding OBL, kinda hard to believe anything that comes out that country anymore...

drones violate sovereignty, terrorists violate humanity...

What about our Sovereignty, where was the UN in Sept 11, 2001 !!! keep the out of our business and Pocket books and let them move to another Country where we aren't footing the Bills !!When the UN investigates and vilifies the Taliban and al Quaeda for mass murders by suicide bombers, I will care what the UN thinks about using drones.

Islamic terrorism violates world peace.If there was a way to stop Islamic terrorism by sending flowers, it would have been done, because professional soldiers don't like fighting. They like being with their families.

Left Logic: Waterboarding the masterminds of 9/11, evil. Vaporizing a low level suspected terrorist and his family, good.

Killing even 1 innocent civillian is NOT going to win hearts and minds. The usa USED to be the good guys, not so much anymore. ALL top people in our govt NEED TO GO.

You stop harboring terrorists, we stop sending missiles up your butt.

I think we should withdraw the aid we give to Pakistan, then cut off ALL our ties to THE " U.N.,;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; also any nation who we give aid to either they quit undermining us or they cando without our aid, otherwords let them ( SUCK EGGS ).

Doesn't Pakistan violate the sovereignty of its neighbors every day?

Hey, UN, hows about a word on illegal aliens violating U.S. sovereignty?

Why do we even participate in the U.N.? It is nothing by a protector of terrorists and dictators

Let's have the UN go in and deal with the Taliban. Concessions right.Pakistan was hiding the most wanted criminal right next to a military base, I dont really give a S--- What they care about.

I don't care what the UN says.  NEVER hear them comment on defense of American people or our Constitution so eff them.  FYI UN ....the gun treaty?? Up yours.

Obama has the highest body count of any Nobel Peace Prize winner ever.

I've seen newborns with more teeth than the UN!

This must be a lie. The President won the Nobel Peace Prize, ended the wars, freed the political prisoners, and is now friends with the entire world.

OOPS!  When the enemy hides amongst civilians and uses them as sheilds--some are going to wind up casualties!!! That's just part of the pains of war-----------

Here is the deal. You quit hiding and supporting terrorist and we will quit bombing you.  We do not care what the UN has to say.

Perhaps the UN special investigator for human rights and terrorism could have also said that 911 was a intrusion of United States sovereignty.

And how many civilians did we have killed in the attacks on the towers? Yeah, that's what I thought.

tell me why do the American s think they can fly the drone plane over another country air space ? and then tell me what american s would do if a foreign country flew a drone over it s air space ?Question the source of the stats,  Beleive nothing from UN, and In war, people die, things get blown up, just a fact.

Well I suppose when "our friends", the Pakistanis, stop harboring our enemies we'll stop violating their airspace.  Reasonable, no?

" the space, support and assistance it needs"Meaning we want money but son't want to help you.

This disgusting country harbored Osama Bin Laden, gave the downed helicopter to the Chinese,  and accepts, or demands millions in US support. Any country sponsoring terrorism is open game and any collateral damage goes with the territory. Isn't it time we had energy independence from the middle east and could tell them to all go to hell? With out oil, these barbarians would all be riding camels and killing each other.

It's called war. People die on both sides. And the UN has no moral standing to judge anyone.

So the UN is secretly keeping track of our drone missions? Thats reassuring. Maybe they can pass along any usful information to other countries i.e. leak info to paying customers.

Not okay to use drones in other countries, but okay to use them to spy and kill U.S. Citizens on U.S. soil. Something is wrong with this picture. Time to pull our troops and money from this part of the world. Let them kill each other.

I wonder what the Noble Societies definition of peace is?

Pointing and laughing at you mindless sheep that crowed back in 2008 that electing Obama would end hostilities and the whole world would be one big koom-by-yah fest. How's that working out?No more drones in Pakistan? Sure. I'm all for it. Pull out the drones. Then, immediately afterwards, end all foreign aid to Pakistan as well.

GW had it right, after 9/11 when he said" your either with us or against us" pretty simple people it was true then and it is true now.Could the liberal press love affair with Obama be over? Although the U.N. is even more corrupt than our govt and I think they are full of manure, for the A.P. and Yahoo to print these negativities about The Inept Obama is quite unusual.

Oh poor Pakistan, of course they aren't going to admit to agreeing to these drone strikes, but they would be raising a lot more h*** if it was true.  We're footing the bill to take care of their terrorist problem, plus they get our money in aid, plus they get to deny any involvement, what's not to like for them?  The UN is worthless.

POPULATION CONTROL.

drones are cheaper and as affective as F-16both kill the enemies

Its war, in WWII we killed million of civilians.   I am not going to sacrifice my son for some damn statistic.

Well DUH.  I wonder how many millions we spent at the UN to state the obvious. Besides if Pakistan will or can not control them, wee will.

Our government doesn't care if they're killing innocent people, just as long as they get their way and keep their great pay and benefits. Who cares if they kill hundreds of innocents? They sure don't. Waiting for them to start using those drones on innocent Americans too. Justifying it by calling them "American Terrorists". Watch out, you go against the gov. now, they'll just sick a drone on you and take you out.

Your tax money used to spy on yuu, and create death in other countries in the name of safety.The power elite can hoodwink young me to die for their global chess game for power so they use drones.God has the last say, and good will rise over evil.

We wonder why they hate us... Well, let a bomb blow up your son, daughter, wife, husband, etc and see how fast you sign up to fight.Sun Tzu taught us a long time ago that the ONLY way you can really win a war is if you occupy the moral high ground. Without the moral high ground your enemy will always be able to fill it's ranks.

And how many civilians were killed in the WTC collapse?  We need to totally destroy the entire Muslim region, including the ones that are in other countries.So what?

Its like we all need to get us a small rubber hammer and go to Washington.  To all our elected folks all the way to the president we do a light tap on their head every three seconds until they cannot stand it any longer and go, "Duh, I guess you want us out of Pakistan and Afghanistan huh?  Sorry we're kinda stupid about not doing what you want."

Under obama we've become the rouge state the liberals accused Bush of.

quit sending any money to all foreign countries bring our troops home and throw the un out of america. problem solved. the next country that attacks us or the next group of terrorists just nuke the country they are from back to radioactive glass, like japan. funny how that worked in the second world war to finish it and since then all the police actions have not got anything accomplished except to kill americans and cost us money.

How about the Paks hiding the Al Qudia and Taliban? how about the Paks providing a safe haven from the Taliban to rest and re-fit while americans G.I's had to stop at your border... I personally did this 40 yrs ago during the vietnam war. until #$%$ Nixon grew a set and we went into Laos and Cambodia any body who will look it up By March of 02 the special forces and the CIA had the Al-quida and Taliban on the run... and the situation  in Afghanistan was a good as it is now we should have left the old king come back we we should have left.

Alfred Nobel is spining faster than particles in the hedron super collider in his grave.

Sure, let's pull out all the drones, as soon as the terrorists promise to stay inside their own borders. I guess the U.N. will just give subsidies to all those innocent farmers as they tend their poppy fields that fuel the world's drug addictions. How about we relocate the U.N. in Pakistan and make all of them happy; for the drug profits will surely have the U.N. performing many charitable concerns worldwide.

The Soviets and China will veto any ruling so they can do the same or similiar. they don't want to obstruct injustice

Pakistan was in violation of America's sovereignty by hiding the most wanted man on the planet....so I guess this makes it even steven!

Yahoo writes article against obama drones..yahoo nose usually up obama butt. What gives yahoo. Starting to get scared that golden boy not really golden after all? Go figure...Stop giving aid to our enemies,before killing people in other countries declare war,bring our troops home.But really what do we expect from a goverment that wants to spy on and kill their OWN people?

Hey UN if you don't like it well I guess the US can pull out of the UN peace keeping force and let you go it alone. The US is always the largest force that you send into any area. It seems funny that you would go this far after all what is the purpose of our troops being over there. The drones can spot the bad guys before they can attack but do you care it doesn't seem so. Washington lets pull out in 2013 and let them have that rat hole.

Well, Pakispam should stop hiding Al Qaida

Of course they would deny consent, they are just another terrorist state.  I agree with others her, let them keep their sovereignty and we keep our money including the worthless UN and the IMF.

.......President Barack Obama has stepped up covert CIA drone strikes targeting al-Qaida and Taliban militants in Pakistan's tribal region along the Afghan border since he took office in 2009...................•	 “Kill them until they quit”….Gen. Curtis LeMay, 1945...........

As long as the drones and blue helmeted UN goons stay out of the U.S., everything will be fine...

And the UN is gona do WHAT ?

in viet namn the cong was hid in areas by people who knew who they were, i think the same is true here. if they are hidding terriosts they are worthy of being bombed. that being said i can not get the picture of a little girl pb 3 standing in ruble and crying. but we do have to protect ourselves. i am all for kicking all muslims out of the usa, having strict borders and defence shields and only help our allies. yes this does include us born people who have converted to the peacful religion. also dig for the vast amounts of oil and gas that we have here. it may not be constitional but i want my kids and grandkids safe. oh ya the first one out of here would be obama followed by the traitor kerry.

Obama's drone campain is not as neat and clean as he would have you believe. It's only a matter of time before that chicken comes home to roost.

Just remember, George Bush was called a war criminal for waterboarding.They would rather believe a Country who is in bed with Al Qaida,the Taliban and who also lied and hid Bin Laden. Does that sound like a truthful honest Country to anyone.Pakistan lies about no consent in public but in Private allows them.

CUT ALL AID TO PAKISTAN, We can put those dollars to good use in the USA

I still say these things could be scaled up a bit and make a wonderful single place plane . I wonder how they would do dropping suplies to people to stay them until search and rescue could get to them .

duh! If they flew drones over our airspace Obama would wet his pants.

Obama kills his own citizens.  What makes anyone think he gives a #$%$ about people from other countries?

Then the UN needs to grow some balls and take care of the problem countries themselves!!!! And quit depending on the US to be the police of the world !!!!!!!!

This may or may not be true, however the use of drones against US citizens is getting nearer. How many will die before Americans stop practicing apathy?

Second Lieutenant William Calley was prosecuted for the My Lai incident in Vietnam, I wonder what Obama will get?

Is obama giving them their miranda rights from the air like when eh was running for president and he called gwb a murderer???

If this was still the Bush era, I could hear the screams, from the unbiasedPRESS, for immediate impeachment. Good thing that Obama has them inhis pocket!!!!obama is a war-monger! More then Bush!

I bet the UN would not have allowed the bin Laden raid either.

Sad four hundred civilians are dead but we can't help it if they(the enemy)are using them  as shields.

UN.......thats an organization that is a total waste&gt;&gt;&gt;

Anybody care what the U.N. team thinks? Didn't think so.  Hey...U.N. team...get in your useless blue trucks and go pound sand.

right the UN cares about sovereignty they have 50 years plans in place to erase all nations sovereignty under a one world government yeah that's a  conspiracyyou can just go read it on their webs sites and publication lolyou are crazy becuase you listen to what they said at tier meetings what joke the american people have become

Thats right. Even a prostitute of thousand years would claim rape if not paid enough. This country is no different. Sleeps with everybody and takes TIPS or donation for service.

Hey, if the Constitution doesn't mean anything to this Administration, why would international law.

And Obama would not mind the same thing here.

Obama is a Black Bush, same ish deferent presidentWe should carpet bomb them for hiding Bid Laden for years.  And then stop sending them the billions they get each and every year.

How can Pakistan claim sovereignty when even they can't go into these tribal areas subject to the drone attacks?

Yes, NOW.....It's OBAMA's FAULT.

Consider the source. That's right....no problem here folks just keep moving.

they shouldn't have got too close too the enemy , stop all money and aid , muslins are not our friends and can't be trusted

The UN is just like Congress; some one gets paid off every day and no one pays attention to anything they say.

It's War, and innocent people die !

Collateral damage !

war violates every persons sovereignty

Gee,  the towl-heads don't like to get shot at.....go figure.......We borrow money to give aid to foreign countries, whats wrong with this picture. Stop all aid NOW!!!!

I could care less about the civilians in Pakistan.........What I wonder........How in the world are they not RECALLING that Noble Peace prize Obama bought himself with United States taxpayer foreign aid?

The United States under Barackhey Hussein Obozo is FORMENTING HATRED OF AMERICANS by the UNAUTHORIZED USE OF DRONES by striking INNOCENT CIVILIANS and DESTROYING VILLAGES. WHY?? SO that when the RUSSIANS and the CHINESE join forces against US these INNOCENT PEOPLE's FAMILIES WILL JOIN!!! WE ARE BEING SET UP by the JACKA$$$-in-CHIEF!!!

Pakistan lost their sovereignty when they hid Bin Laden from us.So they are gonna have to deal with it.

Tell the U.N. to go to hell. Tell Obama to go to hell since he doesn't believe in the Constitution anmd wants to use drones on us.

Yeah, that's the ticket...............DRONE THE U.N. (in NEW YORK CITY). Give us a taste of our own medicine. (8^)

What a laugh!  The unners are caring about despotic Pakistan.  Joke a minute coming out of the unners!

The killing of civilians is wrong.They were talking about giving these drone operators medals...they should get jail time.You don't kill civilians....period.

The idiot is just depending on a Pakistani research study and parroting what those habitual liars tell him.

Who are the innocent civilians that are being killed? Are they the ones feeding and caring for the guy planting bombs?In 2006, the Bush Administration signed an agreement with Pakistan that allowed the US to pursue insurgents into Pakistan, and conduct the type of actions that led to Bin Laden's demise. Obama is taking advantage of Bush's policy while blaming him for everything.

This would be HEADLINE news on every single media outlet had this been Bush yet Obama is still praised as a "Humanitarian" and peace promoting President.  SO RIDICULOUS.

Relocate the UN to Pakistan.

Coming to a U.S. town or city near you soon and then let's see how many people are for it.  Let's face it this government is out of control.

tell the U N and all it's terrorist buddys to go fk themselves

Why is it, that other countries can get away with doing things, like Pakistan did when they hid Bin-Laden for almost six years, yet when the U.S. finds a way to eliminate the terrorists, we are damned for violating someones or some other country;s rights? If the Pakistani's do not wish to have our drones flying over their airspace and dropping intelligent ordinance to eliminate terrorists, they should not harbor those terrorists.

Typical ultra- left liberals in the UN condeming the drones for killing the bad guys. Tell the UN to shove it!

UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty........... Should Read this............ UN says China's drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty.

And you think our president would have any problem using drones on American citizens?

It sounds like Obamas ticking off Pakistan now but who doesn't he take advantage of. Except gays lezys and illegals that he gives FREE STUFF! At the taxpayers expense!They are what's wrong with the single global power idea.  They are worthless.  A bunch of criers but if we stop funding them they'd cry even harder.  They'd rather give safe harbor to trerroists than really help people.  If they led the world they'd make Obama look like a far right conservative.

If a country harbors Islamic terrorists and does not appear to be serious about fighting terrorism, then the world must take action to neutralize the terrorist threat.

This would be in spot #1 in yahoos news feed if there was a republican president!

Documents released by WikiLeaks in 2010 showed that senior Pakistani officials consented to the strikes in private to U.S. diplomats, while at the same time condemning them in public.Wikileaks was a real eye opener for people interested in the inner workings of government foreign relations. Not everything we hear is what it seems.

If Pakistan would have used the financial aid to fight terrorism, rather than harboring terrorist, then it would not be necessary to use drones to fight terrorism.

The ACLU, didn't question Bush or the CIA when it came to WMD's in Iraq, or 9/11  but now that the drones are proving to be an effective weapon against, Al Queda and insurgents, they WANT the TRUTH. The ACLU has been in some cases an effective watchdog in guarding American rights under the Constitution, but this latest attempt at so called information about CIA operations does not fall or come under their purview. In my mind it can only give aid and comfort to the enemy. I believe it to be a veiled political attempt to discredit the Obama administration, by Republican conservatist in its midst.

DUH, this is obvious.  Drones DO violate air space and now the DOD wants them roaming around to patrol the US?  Yeah as if that's legal.

When Bush sent a drone into Pakistan every 40 days, the Left accused him of creating more terrorists than he was killing. Obama sends a drone into Pakistan every 3 days. Does that mean Obama is creating 13 times more terrorists than Bush?

Pakistans support of the Taliban violates our sovereignty ,, I call it a push , and raise the bet 10,000 rounds.

I have conducted a not so secret report on the UN and found it wanting in several areas. It is not representative of world opinion, It is selective in what it investigates, it does not pay its parking tickets in New York or Washigton DC. Ninety five percent of all UN delegates would opt for political asylum in America, if ordered back home. Eighty percent of all UN delegates have an IQ level below a 100. My report has an error factor of less than one half of one percent.UN has gone mad, Pakistan was harboring Usama bin Laden...why haven't they censored Pakistan for that little crime against humanity ?? for all your left-leaning-global-elitist out there, including Al Gore et al, this is what you can expect from the United Nations !!!

Boots on the ground or drone strikes? It's not Obama's fault. He's chosen a far more lethal, safe, and less costly strategy than the man previously in his post did, which we're still paying for and will be for a long time. I do agree we should stop sending them money but at the same time we still have to hunt them and there does not need to be any more US military blood shed! The Pakis agree to it behind closed doors but will never own up to it, to any investigating body!

pakistan cries over everything we do except all the foreign aid we give them. with an ally such as pakistan we need no enemies. as far as drones go, i am all for them as they are helping save soldiers lives. these mideast countries started all this cr_p by bombings in the united states so it's too late to start crying foul now!!!  those people screaming about these drones are the same people that would never put themselves at risk the way the average soldier does. to h_ll with politics, as a combat soldier myself i am for anything that defeats the enemy. if you have not got the guts to serve in the military do not bring your crying towels out to me for these turbin heads.

Wow they finally figured this out what a great job the un did

and us civilians are next dont forget that they said its ok to kill us with drones now...

Bullets and missiles don't understand the word innocent.

Al-Qqada and the Taliban kill innocent people just like Obama.we are killing innocent people in a country we are not at war with so Obama sends them billions of our tax dollars to pay that government money to keep quiet about it, then he uses these drones to also kill Accused Ammericans, no trial, bush water boarded 3  and liberals wanted him tried for war crimes, while Obama kills innocent people,and liberals say good there just muslims

All the money we give them and not to our own people says we can do as we want.

Pakistan does not consent to the air drone strikes on their terrorist, because they are the one's who support their own terrorist groups, beliefs and attacks on innocent civilians...  Keep the Air Strikes going USA!  Now we should aim at all the Cartels in Mexico, illegal crossings, Drug Lords and all the Cartels across the globe to stop the drugs of illicit drugs into this country and put an end to the BS so called "drug war!"  Oh wait, hell no that violates humans rights!!!  Please, what about all the lives that we have lost, family, friends, brother, sister, father and mothers and all the healthcare cost that "WE" the taxpayer have to fork over?  I guess thats too much to ask for!~

We fire-bombed Germany and nuked Japan in WWII with no apparent concern for "civilian" casualties. What's new here?Has the UN completed a study on how many innocent victims there are due to suicide bombs?  Until they do and stop them, tell them either take over the peace keeping duties in Afghanistan or shut the heII up.  If you want this to end today, firebomb the whole area until someone signs a peace treaty or this is going to go on forever. Nice wars never end.

As long as terrorists surround themselves with civilians, as they are cowards, then there will continue to be civilian deaths.

FK Pakistan. Along with the entire Muslim world.

Which planet does the UN represent?

U.N: Unfit Nations....That says it all!

I thought BO was going to make us everyone's BFF.

The Pakistani Government has no choice but deny it has given The US permission to fly drone Ops/Strikes. If The Pakistani Government did admit it, they would be Out Of Business most ricky-tic and Pakistan would be hip deep in instant Civil War. Insofar as a Secret UN mission to Pakistan to investigate the effects of Drone Warfare, the only reason the UN would keep it secret would be to protect themselves from The Taliban and The Tribes in The Northwest. The idea the UN could keep the mission secret from CIA. (humint) and NSA (sigint) and all the other alphabet soup agencies is laughable.

Of course the drones kill civilians, that's part of the reason why I was (and still am) furious about the president deciding it's ok to use these drones on US soil against US citizens...I can't stand Obama.

400 civilian deaths by drone but yet obama is adamantly against water boarding which was used three time with good results......I would say the lefts hypocrisy is obvious wouldn't you?Kinda like being against the death penalty but yet it is okay to drill a hole in a babies head or break it's spine all in the name of a womens right...

As far as I-want-istan (Afghanistan) &amp; Potti-stan (Pakistan) goes, it's time for the US to "wipe and flush".The UN can suck it! We need to withdraw from that worthless organization!

Does everyone forget that Pakistan shielded Osama Bin Laden for four or five years, just about a mile or so from their premier military academy ?  Pakistan also routinely shields Taliban militants just across the border from Afghanistan so that the Taliban can target U.S. and Afghani forces and then run back into Pakistan for cover.  The Pakistan leaders are also notoriously two-faced when it comes to dealing with the U.S.  Since the U.N. is conducting surreptitious investigations of the U.S. we should show them the way east to any other country that will accept them and let that country shoulder the cost of hosting them.  All aid to Pakistan, which amounts to a couple of billion a year should be immediately be cut off.

Does anyone here really give a flying fig about what the UN thinks?

Who cares what the UN says.

Critics on drone strikes on enemy combatants overseas are incapable of admitting a fundamental truth about our enemies. Muslim terrorists frequently use human shields, human minefield sweepers as well as human bombs. As long as terrorists hide in weddings, funerals and with their 4 wives and 30 children in operational compounds their propaganda describes as "homes", "innocents" will die. We can't place a sniper in position for each individual terrorist kill shot. Drones can take out a house within a block unlike bombers which take out a city in a nation. As long as terrorists use human shields, they'll die too, as a consequence of radical Islam rules of engagement

If these are "surgical strikes" I'd want a new Doctor. We may kill more "suspected" militants than civilians, and call them collateral damage, but if it was your family killed you wouldn't feel that many civlians killed to be acceptable. This administration has been fast and loose with information on the use of drones, but there must be strict oversight.

When will we start seeing "media reports" that slam the use of drones in the US?  Are we going to have to wait until the useless U.N. starts using harsh words about human rights issues in the U.S? Like that would ever happen...

Do the illegal Mexican immigrants cause a "violation of USA sovereignty" by Mexico?

The UN is investigating this case.  Where were they when the Srebinica massacre was happening in Bosnia in 1995? Right there, but did nothing to stop it.

If #$%$stan wants it to stop, they need to step up and stop protecting (or being in denial) the terrorists training and hiding in their country.  They know where they are.  And, the purpose of war is to kill people and break things; if some civilians are in the mix as collateral damage, it's on the #$%$ government.  (Remember how they helped find bin Laden-NOT!).Seems to me that I recall the media pointing out often and graphically how actions of this sort fed the pool of terrorists and needed to be ended immediately.  Maybe about 5-6 years ago????  What has changed?

Too Bad! When Pakistan stops allowing terrorists to operate from their country then I would think the drone strikes would stop.

The UN is telling us what to do? They would way rather have US soldiers killed than Pakistani civilians . The fact that the civilians were the wives and children of terrorist doesn't matter to them. They would rather have the wives of our soldiers be widows and their children be fatherless. The US sends 1000 soldiers for every 1 soldier the UN sends. Screw the UN. It is about time a President started looking out for US soldiers instead of just sacrificing them.

wow, the libs would have been going crazy if bush had been wacking so many people with drones.

The U.S. isn't going to give a care about whether drones 'violate' Pakistani sovereignty, when a sitting President thinks he can blow up U.S. citizens inside his own border.

What? no UN studies on how many Pakistani based Taliban are violating the sovereign state of Afganistan's border????  The horror, the horror!!

only 400 we need more drones over there

The tribal leaders said innoncent tribesmen were often mistakenly targeted by drones because they were indistinguishable from Taliban militants, said Emmerson. Both groups wear the same traditional tribal clothing and normally carry a gun at all times, he said.Wear civilian clothes and carry a gun you die - coming to a country near you. Look up

Pakistan is the safe haven for terrorists. Drone away!

the attacks violate Pakistan's sovereignty.Ahem...who gives a fk?Prosecute Obama for war crimes..funny as an Infantryman in Iraq I had stricter rules of engagement than some bozo sitting in the Pentagon flying a drone war machine.  That bozo will also receive an award higher than most any award I could have earned with boits on the ground in a combat theatre.

So...Obama is a International War Criminal. A.K.A. Terrorist.

Our U.S. govt is violating the "We the people and our constitution" sovereignty.

How about instead of defense budget cuts, we slash funding to the UN. Total waste of US tax dollars.

You can't launch missiles into another nation without permission. Raids into a nation to kill a protected criminal are pretty much illegal also. Legality never stops us because we are Americans and above any law.What good is power if you can't abuse it?

#$%$ the UN  They are a worthless piece of garbage.  Throw them out of the US

All the terrorist are civilians. We need to kick the UN out of the US now. Not one more taxpayer cent for the UN

Well this is the one time think obumer is doing a good thing when pakistan stops sleeping with those that kill us troops. The civilians allow taliban militants to be along side them and the government of pakistan won't do anything about it so we will. We sould stop sending pakistan aid money till they purge the militants out from there borders.

This is coming home to America. Drones Drones Drones....... Keep an eye in the sky.

But they still take our money!They don't have to worry, all the drones are coming back to America do delve out  justice on citizens in near by states, towns and cities.

Screw the UN.

Humans have been killing humans for ages, and I see no end in sight. The methods of doing this just get more refined with time.

Hey, Pakistan. Do a better job at stopping the terrorists that operate in your country and we will stop sending in drones to do your job. You knowlingly hid Bin Laden and lied to us about it for years. So until you can stop the terroriusts we will!

War is hell and there are casualties.  I just want many more of them on their side than ours so if these drones are doing the job then keep them flying.

Kudos to the UN!!!  When do they bring Obummer and Bush up on murder charges?!!!

Of course it violates a country's sovereignty and of course it threatens civilian safety &amp; lives. Just suppose that someone was sending them here? Hey wait a minute... the same idiots ARE sending them here!

A Drone A Day...

400 civilian deaths, sounds like a normal week of Taliban and al-quada activities. Where is the UN and Pakistani condemnation of those actions?

Considering the UN is a club for despots and dictators, there is almost zero credibility in their report.And they want to invent a new medal for this.

Hey whats the problem, they have to practice using these things somewhere so they have it down pat for when they start using them on us back here at home..................

How is the UN relevant or productive?

Screw the world... Seal the borders, find and deport all illegals, stop sending money overseas and pull out of the U.N.

One could dispute the UN claim.  True, drones might operate inside the technical border of Pakistan.But if you analyze more closely, Pakistan does not have uniform control over wide swaths of its supposed terrotory--a critical element in considerations of sovereignity.  In fact, many of these regions are refered to as 'tribal' and 'lawless' for a reason.One could argue that these regions are not controlled by Pakistan, but separate countries.  Normally nobody would care Pakistan lacks authority, but the fact is that these regions harbor and export the worst militants and terrorists humanity has ever seen.If Pakistan cannot or chooses not to reign them in, it falls to the civilized world at large to do the work.  As such, other nations have a de facto right to intervene.

What sovereignty and territorial integrity? Pakistan has admitted numerous times that it does not have control of and cannot control its outlying tribal regions - the very places these drone strikes are hitting

since right after WWII, the worthless  UN has contributed  NOTHING  to  ANYTHING......the UN needs a few drone flights.....

The guys who are supplying and aiding the Taliban, sending terrorist hit squads into India,  hid the worlds most wanted terrorist and is getting billions of dollars from us has a problem with what?

F... the UN. F...Pakistan.

No, let's get this Leftist Associated Press Propaganda straight.  "The head of a U.N. team investigating casualties from U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan declared that the attacks violate Pakistan's sovereignty." One man's opinion, is not, and does not represent, the "opinion" of the U.N.  Pakistan has harbored the Taliban, not to mention Bin Laden at their "West Point",  for years, and, in so doing, have violated the sovereignty of Afghanistan for decades, not to mention thereby enabling the murders of tens of thousands of innocent civilians in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Wouldn't it be nice if the Neville Chamberlain, Goody Two-shoes, Leftist Liberals would shut their propagandizing, lying mouths.Headline if this happened 6 years ago:"Bush murders 400 innocent civilians"

Civilians have always been killed in war. Always through out all of human history. Civilians die.

Screw the UN idiots and Pakistan

Pakistan is only costing us 1 billion plus a month and it’s a nation of Islamic terrorists who use common people as human shields.

Well you can count on it that Pakistan will never do anything about the Taliban or other terrorists so USA:  "drone on."

The Pakistan/Afghanistan border is a sieve that enables the terrorists to move back and forth with impunity. The Pakistan police and military allow it to happen and even support/participate in terrorist operations in Afghanistan. They attack and kill US troops, and then retreat across the border to regroup, rest and rearm, and expect us to respect Pakistan's sovereignty. There are no civilians there. They are either active participants or giving logistical support, or turning a blind eye. If they don't wish to be killed by drones, they ought to choose their friends better.All of this sounds eerily familiar to the Vietnam War, and Cambodia and Laos.

Sounds like Obama's Drone Program in Pakistan is a good example of what Obama's Drone Program in the United States could look like in the future.   Doesn't the military use the same people to fly the drones in both countries ?  Both countries look the same on a 21 inch computer screen.

The problem with the civilian number is that there are NO uniformed troops in a war for terrorist cowards, they hide behind womens skirts for protection. Does that mean we should be helpless and not attack them? I think not!

and this was the arsewipe that was going to get the US out of the Middle East!  First drones are OK to kill us citizens without trial and now he's leading the US into Syria! what a lying POS.

How was it possible for us Americans to elect such a two-faced phony, and to make matters worse and unexcusable elected him twice.terrorists are always going to hide among civilians, its guerrilla warefare

Drones Violate U.S.  sovereignty!!! Obama is not worried about all the Children he has killed with his Drone Strikes.

Where the so-called country named " UN " is located? Has it ever been attacked by any terrorist groups?  Terrorists attacked us, and we, the USA will pursuit to kill all terrorists no matter where they are, it is our right to defend ourselves.  Beside taking money and doing non-sense things, I question the real value of the UN.

If they don't want drone strikes on their territory, and I use the idea it is their territory in its loosest meaning, they should stop those who use it to attack us.  In war, there can be no safe haven.

A new poll indicates that Baraaack is no better than Bush at protecting civil liberties. In fact, the pollster had some follow up questions but split when he saw a drone fly overhead.

And how many civilians are killed by the Taliban raids and suicide missions?? I bet a lot more than 400

Waterboarding never KILLED anyone !!!

This is WORSE than WATERBOARDING !!!!!!

HAIL KING HUSSIEN OBAMA !!!!

HUSSIEN OBAMA KILLS 400 INNOCENT PEOPLE.......Hussien (Hitler) Oblamer Strikes Again !!!

yo wer tis mi fee obamo fone ??

And Obama want's to do that here in America to Americans. Thank God we have patriots like Rand Paul in congress to defend us.

I bet at least 300 of those civilians also are classified as terrorists

the way i see it, we dont watn drones on our us soil...imagine a country that has lethal drones from another country on their soil...its ludicrious

And some psychotic people want these death machines flying in US air space.Treason.

Lets keep protecting guys like Bin Laden while paying them to do so like we did under Bush.. I say build a few more drones and show them what America can really do.. Why put our soldiers in harms way when we can use these things to do the same job without endagering our American soldiers..

Fk. Pakistan, N.K., Syria and Iran.  need more be said?

They gotta create the next generation of terrorists somehow.  I'm sure some of those civilians have some #$%$ off kids.

Get us out of the U.N.Unlike Obama, GW Bush told the bad guys and countries supporting the bad guys, that we will go after the bad guys n matter where they hide and after those who support the bad guys.....sounds good to me!

"confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S." Could be thousands! But I did not water board anyone. This is so much kinder and more civil. Good job Obama!

I don't care who they watch as long as it isn't me a Bubba behind the barn!

NOT OBAMA'S FAULT!  It's because of, ummmm.....ohhh.....ummmm....SINKHOLES!!!  Yeah!  Yeah!  SINKHOLES!  Wait, is it sinkholes this week?  Ummm.....SINKHOLES, Final answer!!!

Gee, ya think so?  Imagine what we would do if Pakistan was targeting our civilians with drones.  We would call it an act of war, and retaliate.  Or maybe not --  Pakistan has the nuclear weapon deteren.

I hope he doesnt start using them at home.

Pakistans sovereignty......that's a stretch .

So the UN really believes there's been 400 drone related civilian deaths?

The UN - Rwanda - UNable to prevent genocide; Srebonica, UNwilling to protect thousands of men, young and old, from those who slaughtered them; Syria - UNlikely to do anything to prevent the deaths of thousands of more innocents at the hands of this poor country's murderous rulers. This organization is an increasingly top-heavy administrative nightmare, a haven for "rapporteurs" and other poseurs like Emerson. One thing is sure, there are hundreds and hundreds of stone killers no longer walking the earth because of these drones.

To hell with Pakistan. I am more concerned with Obama's drones over the U.S. and his new authority to kill an American citizen, if he chooses.Frenemies

The logical next step will be to send drones to take care of the UN people attacking the drones.  Or maybe the drones will just do that on their own, without waiting for instructions.

I wonder if you replaced the US with China and Pakistan with the US would Americans be complaining about drone stikes? It doesn't matter so much that civilians or militants are killed, what matters most is the violation of soveriegnty, without a formal declaration of war no less. Looks like the US government makes up the rules as they go along doesn't it? Based on past actions (WWII carpet bombing) 9/11 was a legitimate military strike. At least the hijackers had the courage to die in the process, rather than dropping bombs from 20,000 feet in the air.

Does it violate our sovereignty when a guy like Bin Laden can pull of 911 and find safe haven there for 10 years?

drone strikes on the U.N. building is sounding better and better..

North Carolina just outlawed use of droans,without proper court order..

so all the bad guy has to do is make sure he sits with his family - who are not combatants - and he can make plans and kill americans and Pakistani's all day long with impunity! But they can quite happily bomb civilians all day long and the UN dosnt set up special commisssions to target them, so nice to be a good guy.

can you imagine if this headline occurred during the bush years!!!

What's the UN's position on 9/11 ?

The pathetic UN speaks.Best thing to do is ignore them.Wow!The infamous UN is at it again! Now what does the UN feel about the US takingout Obama from his stabile residence in Abbotabad, Pakistan?

Hey, I have an idea Mr.obama...stop sending them money.  This country hides terrorist and if the BinLaden things didn't convince you...then you are a stupid as you seem...thanks for the time...

Does the UN have a suggestion on how else can we keep the civilized safe from those terrorists or is his brief limited to just criticizing whatever is being done?

Yet, what does the UN say about fighter jets over #$%$stan? Does that still violate sovereignty or not? We should pull out of #$%$stan and make a defensive sale of 200 drones to New Delhi. #$%$ the #$%$ goat humpers.

They hide Osama Bin Laden in their country- and they wonder why the drone strikes happen without their consent...?  How about we cut off all aid money- that's an insult to their country, too...

Obama will offer the pakistanis a pathway to citizenship so they won't be mad anymore

so?  -  never mind that pakistan has supported armed groups violating the living sh1t out of that same border for decades.  what the hll would you expect?

UN what about the terrorists camps in pakistan??

Ya know, I never thought of this before and I can't hardly believe that I didn't, either. Okay, exactly when did Harvard begin offering degrees in Community Organizing?

Shhh, Obama won the Noble PEACE Price.  Don't tell anyone about the 400 peaceful folks he killed.Please. Tell the UN to go jump up its own #$%$ The only reason there are civilian casualties is the habit these guys have of hiding behind civilians like cowards.

We are not the world's caregiver!  These folks hate our guts and you cannot buy friendship nor can you buy respect.  Tell the UN, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the entire middle east muslim world to kiss our backsides and walk away.  Leave with our soldiers, our equipment and our money and tell them to handle their own mess for once.  We owe them nothing!!! The so called foreign aid would be better spent in our own country.  The UN has become a huge joke and should be disbanded!

Isn't Pakistan the same country that said Bin Laden hadn’t been vacationing there for like maybe ten years... camped out right next to their equivalent of West Point? Yeah, UP... lets go with believing whatever the Hell Pakistan and Rapporteur Ben Emmerson has to say.

Kind of like taking a poll of criminals on how the justice system works in a U.S. prison...because everyone is of course innocent. The UN asks the Taliban if civilians are killed....did they ask how many civilians the Taliban have killed..??? UN is a joke...!!!!

As long as the civilians were killed and not water-boarded it's OK with liberals.

Of course it's a viaolation of their sovereignty, so what, #$%$ off. Go cry to the U.N. and see if I give a #$%$ Pakistan.

In its current format...the UN is useless...we pay the bulk of its cost...just to have 2 bit dictators, like Ceasar Chavez rail against us, and Russia &amp; China veto anything constructive.. SHOULD FORM UNITED NATIONS OF DEMOCRACIES...AND SCREW THE REST OF THE COUNTRIES THAT DON'T WANT TO SUPPORT DEMOCRATIC FREE NATIONS, AND BE AGAINST COMMUNISTS, ISLAMISTS &amp; CORRUPTED GOVERNMENTS LIKE RUSSIA &amp; PAKISTAN

drone the #$%$ outta them!!

Hey!  Let's fly them over our citizens here in the good ole USA!  Because they are so awesome! As demonstrated here in this article.

the last i heard the UN doesnt have an army so i think they need to shut the #$%$ up.Meanwhile, UN observers are pulling out of the Golan Heights.

better THERE than HERE.

Much of the disappointment comes because people continue to have hope.  Lose the hope, and you lose the frustration.

We wouldn't be over Pakistani airspace if Pakistan would clean house and take care of it's own vermin.  Another thing.  If I was a totally innocent civilian and I knew someone was in a Taliban leadership position, the last thing I would want to do is ride in a car with him or stand next to him.

the manufactures should be shot for putting droes on US soil

Emmerson is a simplistic idiot."Documents released by WikiLeaks in 2010 showed that senior Pakistani officials consented to the strikes in private to U.S. diplomats, while at the same time condemning them in public."This is how many government officials HAVE to work in their countries, because of people like Emmerson.Now the program is damaged further, terrorists will continue to run across the border to hide, and Pakistan's officials will have to refuse utterly, in private and public.Emmerson seems to be under the impression that he has access to all the agreements that have been made in private between the USA and Pakistan with such careless public statements.He's an idiot sticking his hands into a well and declaring the entire region's water undrinkable.

This report (although known) should give everyone a warm and fuzzy feeling whenever Herr Barack Hussein Obama decides to unleash the 'Drones' on American soil.

So the drones kill civilians and it is collateral damage but if a squad of marines or soldiers kill 'innocent' civilians, they get prosecuted?

I have very clear evidence that nearly every country and most of their populations in the Middle East and Southwest Asia hates the United States (especially the ones claiming to be our friends)...so, you can't really trust what they say.If there were bodies, the Pakistani government probably killed them and put them there. More than likely, they were mostly woman who dared to uncover her face or go to the market without a male family member.

us=world policeIt's a good thing there was a secret investigation of the drone strikes, otherwise, the government of Pakistan would never had known that their sovereignty was being violated.

911 proved incredibly useful to some people. You want to fly drones over Pakistan? Just scream "911, 911". You want to invade two countries that had nothing to do with 911? Just scream "911, 911". You have any criticism whatsoever of any Muslim country or person anywhere, and you want to attack and vilify them? Just scream "911, 911".

Need more proof that Obama is a liar??

Obama thinks he is king and what he does is his right. The whole world does not respect him nor do the taxpayers of America. He is #$%$ everyone off and creating major hate. He needs impeached or he needs to step down before he finishes ruining this nation .

I hate Drones but really ,the U.N has been violating our sovereignty for how long ?

Against all threats, foreign and domestic.  Pakistan has PROVEN that they knowingly and willingly harbor terrorists who threaten peaceful people and nations.  Sorry, but my right to life trumps your so-called "soverignty".  Should we respect the soverignty of nations?  Absolutely.  And if Pakistan were at least making an effort to be a good world citizen in this regard, I would have a lot more sympathy.  But I don't.  I just don't.  And the backwards "honor killings" and other such nonesense just add insult to injury IMO.Honestly, I think Pakistan really needs our help.  Everyone says we should shut off all aid to countries like this.  But I feel differently - I think that might make things even worse - it would give these terrorists even more leverage to recruit desperate people in a land where the rule of law is as weak as it is there.  I hope over time things will change, but for now, I completely support our leaders and our military in helping police those nations that cannot police themselves.

what DOES protect Sovereignty that this BaFoon does...."DRONES" !! coming to a City near you !.."Im barrak obama,and I support this Ad"

How many non military personel died 9/11 when the towers were hit???? Sounds to me that we have a ways to go to catch up.

The United Nations violates the United States' sovereignty.

UN report portray Obama as the ‘invisible ruthless killer from the skies’ of Pakistan who was behind killing of more than 200 innocent civilians in 25 drone attacks that we not approved by Pakistan. Obama did not want to use our superior US troops and US jets and artillery to fight the Taliban terrorists that he sympathize with according to Karzai. The drone attacks on people in Pakistan with no intelligence on the ground are another reckless Obama tactics that aimed to create illusion of fighting the Taliban which is not the reality on the ground. When US will leave soon Afghanistan, the Taliban Mozlem brother terrorists will take over Afghanistan and remove Karzai from power which means Afghanistan becoming enemy of America under Obama regime. It is time to tell the truth about the Taliban victory and US defeat in Afghanistan under the failed Obama command which gave advantage to the Taliban terrorists over US troops in rules of engagement. It is time for Obama to stop killing innocent people while telling the American people lies and deceit about his fake ‘success’ war against the Taliban terrorists which  he negotiate with about restoring their rule of the Shariya laws in Afghanistan.When a rat infestation is imminent, you kill at the nest.

just think what if China did this to activist operating inside the US...could they get away with it ? under current laws set by the US ?? people should ask this question..

no civilians, just al-qaeda and taliban.  why should  we send soldiers, our soldiers to help them,n n those drones cost millions.

Yet MORE PROOF that the U.N. is an even BIGGER criminal organization than the Chicago THUG-OCRACY  MOST CRIMINAL REGIME in American HISTORY , led by Komrad ZERO/ NERO-Bama-Claus(who "sings"/ JOKES while "Rome" burns...;-)...And I remember how the Blue-shirted liberal NAZI Lamestream/ Blamestream media sycophants DESTROYED an intelligent, educated, decent, NORMAL man like "W", who was defending the COUNTRY, while the very SAME BSLN LS/ BStream media SLAVES of DUM-O-RATS applauded body-bags, gave away our secrets, and gave each other "pulitzers" while we were at WAR!!...Now, all you hear are crickets......tumbleweeds...........and wind.....

It may seem inconceivable because we are a superpower, but if the tables were turned and another country bribed our government into allowing them to drone strike US criminals with comparable collateral damage of innocent civilians, would that be OK with you?

UN?  Who cares.  Useless organization that is nothing but a parasite on the butt of western civilizations.

When will other countries learn Obama does not care about the law and prodcedures in the United States, so why would he care about theirs.

And Obama loves this worthless, corrupt UN! Shame they don't condone his collateral damage! But he intends to do the same here to Americans who oppose him. Then it will get interesting!

this sounds like the omega man. the one with charlton heston. just wait to see what happens with obama in charge

We all know that pos got away with murder already.No way... you asked Pakistani's what they thought about drones and they told you only civilians were killed. Got it!

Tell the UN to blank off...and lets cut our funds to the waste product of a group.

Oooooo.  They might send a nasty letter.  Tell someone who gives a frack what the UN says.  Opps.  Our President, unlike the leaders of all other countries, is scared to death of the UN and their nasty notes.

Obama doesn't concern himself with such things as civilian casualties, national debt, or the constitution.

Would somebody please tell me why we are paying the UN millions of dollars in US tax dollars so they can repeatedly insult us and try to paint us as the bad guys. And by the way who cares what they say other than the terrorists that the UN supports.

What are they going to do about it,stop taking our money in aid?

How can they call Pakistan a sovereign nation when half of it belongs to the Taliban. As far as the United Nations goes, they have never done anything good for the U.S. except cost us a lot of money.

It's ok when Obama does this... just not Bush.

Well... if they won't let the U.S. Government fly their Drones in Pakistan, I guess the President will start flying them in the U.S.  Entirely too much research has gone into and too much money spent on Drone technology to let them sit idle.  With all the Cameras, Wiretapping, Computer Hacking, Unauthorized Surveillance, Spying and oh so much more, our country is quickly becoming the least safe place to live on the globe. Now they are trying to find a way to change the Constitution by their interpretation of our 2nd Amendment rights.  If the Armed Forces can have access to any weapon in any configuration they want and Police Departments (who are never there when the crimes are committed) also have legal access to any weapons they want, then why can't honest, law abiding citizens with the right to Own and Bear Arms under the Constitution as set forth by Thomas Jefferson for a reason, have access to the very same weapons?  When you are unarmed, you are a victim to anyone who is armed plain and simple.

They must be unaware that Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize and nothing is his fault unless its something good.we are paying pakistan 1.6 billion dollars  in aid , the way I see it we bought the rights

Is the government truly sovereign over regions they are afraid to even send their army?

We'll stop the drone attacks when Pakistan stops taking our money.

Pakistan is bought and paid for, of course they allow the use of drones and of course they lie to their citizens about that use.

If the permission is not in writing it does not exist. Case closed - OBOZO GUILTY.

Tough. If Pakistan will throw out the terrorists then we might not have to use drones.

Maybe the UN can move to Islamabad.

If Pakistan says no then we have no right to use them in their country!!!!!

Keep up the good work, Until death do terrorists part......

let's get this straight ... al Queda and the Taliban kill with impunity as they wage war but US forces are expected to wage a gentleman's war?  It's a damned warTo heck with Pakistan. they are still #$%$ we found Bin Laden and took him out before the ISI could warn him.

Not to worry, soon all those drones will be put to use over the USA spying on US citizens.

Yes it is trajic that civilian lives are being lost ,but that happens in any war.How many innocent lives were lost during WWII bombings??

Pakistan's sovereignty is in question after then couldn't find UBL for years and Dr. Khan ran a black market selling nuclear secrets and hardware from Pakistan

If Pakistan would or could control their Jihaddi's, if they hadn't effectively lost jurisdiction over the restive frontier provinces, if their ISI didn't covertly collude with Taliban groups we wouldn't need to initiate defensive strikes. Fairly simple stuff, not sure how the UN "special rapporteur" Ben Emmerson helps this situation.

we should invade pakistan and give it to israel... and india

stupid,,,the so called insurgents hide in the neighborhoods,,and they wear no uniform so yes it could appear that civilians are being killed,, i am sure some are ..but to kill these parasites you have to kill them where they hide.

Well I'll be darned! If the UN is against it, it must be doing some good!

the Pakistan government is trying to get more money, that's the bottom line, just like Obama, they do not give a dam about a few poor dead people

And the guy authorizing these strikes has a Nobel Peace Prize.... #$%$Pakistan doesn'y HAVE any 'sovereignty,' or did you somehow 'miss that' over the past 12 years?  They don't have much of a 'government' either....

Only person to receive multiple letters from the Nobel Commitee asking for their medal back.....

The UN's idea of "sovereignty" often fails the smell test, particularly when the Pakistani government cannot enter some of their "sovereign" territory without being killed themselves.  In Pakistan, their army regularly fights wars against its own people to try to establish some level of government authority and control, and they don't always win.

Rand Paul is siding with the UN? The pope is quitting his job??? Oh Dear!!!

We (The USA ) should be what my father suggested. Be an isolationist country. America for the Americans. Hooray for us, and to hell with everyone else. Uh oh, here come the thumbs down.

I support the US's drone use to attack targets in the Middle East. Pakistan is known for lying to everyone, so I will not trust any numbers that come from them. We (Estonia) have stopped sending any of these corrupt nations money, and I hope the US does as well. We know how things are becoming tougher in the homeland of the USA, and we wish that the US politicians would stop sending money to these nations that hate all of us non-Muslim nations, and instead use this money to help the people in your own country.

Looks like the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize should be tried for war crimes.

Just practice for what is to come to U.S. citizens.

Pakistan agrees to allow U.S drone strikes every time they accept the incoming aid.

When a terrorist walks or drives into a specified area and explodes a bomb that kills, what would you call it? Yes, a drone as well.May the "violations" continue until Pakistan stops harbouring terrorists within its' sovereign borders.

Significant civilian casualties, huh? Compared to what, carpet bombing by B-52's? Benny would have to invent a whole new language to find an adjective for that. We used to tip off the #$%$'s. on where these guys were, but they somehow always got away. "Golly gee wilikers, we didn't know Bin Laden was living right next door to our STUPID BUTT PICKING MILITARY ACADEMY!"

Of course it does!  They make the appropriate noises about it and so do we, then we bribe them to continue.  Get it, Yahoos?

Time to send the UN to another country, like Pakistan!

And to beat all the UN is based in New York????? The muslems are afraid of drones and want tem stopped so the UN comes in and agrees with them? Throw them out of our country they dont belong here. Dont believe the press they lie.

tough s*h*i*t. either Pakistan can either clamp down on there own radical's or the US will. I want no more bull*s*h*i*t attacks on American interests from that part of the world. Enough of the #$%$. Go blow up yourselves somewhere else.

UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty.............Sorry, but two airliners crashing into the World Trade Center violated the US's sovereignty.  Thank Bin Laden (which Pakistan was harboring) for this.

Remember when Bush was in office.The daily body count of our dead troops.Now that Obama has taken office the troops are still dieing but no more daily body count to demonize Obama the way the media used it to demonize Bush.Its okay for these Muslims to slaughter other  innocent civilian Muslims,but let our troops even kill one innocent civilian by accident and all heck breaks loose.Let one white person kill a black and all heck breaks loose.While blacks are slaughtering each other,and that`s okay.See how the media has twisted things.

Obama's drones are so much better than Bush's drones. Obama can hit a terrorist and not even ruffle the hair of the sleeping baby in the terrorists arms.At least that's what that lying, pathetic, backstabbing, racist, thieving, community organizer likes to claim.

#$%$ Pakistan. We aid them and they protect terrorist, terrorist hide behind civilians and we are suppose to do nothing while they fun attacks on us?What is the UN going to do to the US? Being over 70% of the UNs military power makes us the one nation they cannot really do anything against. I don't like Obama, but I do like drone strikes over risking the lives of our troops. Don't like collateral damage? How about reporting these people, or driving them out of your community? The US is funneling money into Pakistan not al-Qaida.This is a shame ,period .

I figured we had their permission. What if another country like China or Russia decided to do this in America? Without permission! It would be WAR.

And Pakistan harboring an animal that murdered over 3,000 Americans on American soil is not a violation of ours?  Time to drone the UN.

What are they complaining about , the government is flying them over america too .

Pakistani government told him it has confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones&amp; u belive  them

Check Pakistan relations with China.

We need to be on top.'''Or we will be on the bottom!

" violate Pakistan's sovereignty."BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA, ...BWAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Violate Pakistan's "sovereignty"... BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA...So what? They hid OBL for 10 years, and lied everyday of the week, and twice on Sunday, and they claim their "sovereignty" is being violated? Forget them, and their sovereignty. Help the poor things appreciate that if you harbor terrorist, you reap the whirlwind of retribution for it. You can't have it both ways."violate Pakistan's sovereignty". BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!

I see a lot of people slamming the U.N.   Come on, don't you people listen to MSNBC, the U.N. is the world government and our overlords.  SUBMITT YOU REBELIOUS #$%$ AMERICANS!!!

That's another charge against OBOZO. He is getting closer to being REMOVED.Who needs a report....we get reports on the news when it happens.

It would take a secret research project to get any legitimate answers on this administration. I am not a fan of the United Nations and see them as part of the problem globally, but kudos for trying to find out something.

How many civilians were killed at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon?? You terrorists can stick it..

Come on, there are no innocent civilians in Pakistan. Anyone who does not support the terrorists is already dead!

Islam violates...it is treachery, death and eternal jihad.....

I have no problem with a terrorist getting roasted. However, if you are killing civilians and thus creating more terrorists' in the process, we have a problem. Besides, isn't mr obama the one who was speaking out against the U.S. for being a nation of torture and holding prisoners without giving them due process? I hardly consider vaporizing people a form of due process. This guy is a world class hypocrite

Who cares what the U.N. says?   Let's withdraw from this worthless entity and save the American taxpayer tons of money.

We always portray the US as the good guys. But Americans commit atrocities as well. Like the Blackwater massacre in Iraq, the Abu Ghraib Prison scandal also in Iraq... and they do cover-up collateral damages, until some whistle-blower shows up, like the WikiLeaks.

If Bush had done this the liberals would be storming the white house to hang him by now. Since Obama is president all you hear is crickets.

Bronco Bama and his flying death robots are coming to your city soon!"Guns BAD !!!.....Killing people with DRONES - GOOD !!!"  ~ Barack Hussein Obama

Hey if the civilians don't want dead, get out of the area, or better yet run the al-Qaida and Taliban militants out of their village. If you are protecting the bad guys, you are no better than they are.

Obama does whatever he wants regardless of whether it violates federal law or international law. He is a lawyer. Lawyers can find an excuse to try to justify what ever they want to do...or so they think.

Ummm, what about when Pakistan lets militants from Afghanistan hide in their country so they can cross the border into Afghanistan at will to raid and murder?

need to put them all in jail and stay out of other counties. sonofbitchs

Kill or capture the terrorists yourself or we will do the job for you!!!!!!!!

Pakistan consents to drones in private while rejecting them in public.  Was the discussion with the UN investigators expected to be private or public?

Don't you just love how we give and give and give and yet the very people whom we give to cares not one jot for us but actually despises and hates us to their very core and would rather us be dead than live any kind of free life?  This is how we as Americans, should handle this situation......To ALL Foreign Countries that receive Foreign Aid from the U.S.........There will be no Foreign Aid handed out to you every time  you speak against America, YOUR benefactor And for every negative word spoken, the amount of Foreign Aid will be down sized by 50%.  If you choose to continue this verbal assault, we will be forced to shut you and any of your cohorts down.Sincerely,Your Benefactor,The United States of America

Just think how much press this would get if George Bush were president today. There would be no end to Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid and various and sundry other left wingers all over the tube.

"UN says US drones violate Pakistans sovereignty".What about the drones flying over american soil?  The eye in the sky is already in Lancaster Ca. This is a clear violation of our privacy!I just hope I never see one of those things firing missiles in America and someone's children end up collateral damage! NO DRONES OVER AMERICA, FOR ANY REASON!

I have a lot of diffuculty in supporting the prevaricator in the White house, HOWEVER, I'll certainly support him in the midst of a UN "investigation."  I assume the US TAXPAYERS paid at least half of what it cost to "investigate" us???!! We need to shut down the pork palace in NY and put those clowns on a boat for France!!!!

Let's let the UN handle all these conflicts with out any help from the US. They want to change the rules of war in the aggressors favor then let's get out and stay out. That means of the UN also.

How will the US ever find peace if we never stop the wars?

Back in 2008, after the election, we were amazed to find that America's rivals and enemies were swept up in a love-fest for Barack Obama.  We wondered that he had such charisma, such power to generate enthusiasm.  In hindsight, of course, it's no wonder our enemies cheered Obama.

took a secret trip for you to figure that out.. what gave it away the U.S.A on the side of the drone and the fact that the country it is flying in isnt the U.S.A

Screw the UN.

President Obama has committed crimes against humanity,,,,when will it stop?

So, when can we expect Obama, the war criminal, to turn himself over to the World Court to stand trial for his crimes?

The danger to America is not only Barack Obama but a citizenry capable of entrusting a man like him with the Presidency. It may be far easier to limit and undo the follies of an Obama Presidency than to restore the necessary common sense and good judgment to a depraved electorate willing to have such a man for their President. The problem is much deeper and far more serious than Mr. Obama, who is a mere symptom of what ails America.I want honest answers from both liberals and conservatives to the following question - If the drone attacks were this prevalent under GW Bush, how would you feel about it?

confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones...many times more deaths than by so called "assault weapons".

And in Syria over 900 killed by drones, next flight to RNC.

But weren't we told these attacks are OK now because Obama is doing them?  I thought everyone likes us now because Obama is President.  I don't understand.

Easy cure.  Bring ALL our troops home from that area and let them duke it out among themselves.  We have nothing to gain in Afghanistan or Pakistan.  They both hate us but love taking our money.

If the Pak want to shoot them down, go right on ahead.

0webombya

Assuming we are actually attacking our enemies with these attacks, and with this whitehouse who knows what the truth is, I dont care if Pakistan objects.  Pakistan needs to get with the program or be considered hostile.

would it be better not to hit a terriost with a drone because there is 10 people around him that maybe innocent or let him go and he kills 30 in an attack on people that are innocent.??

I got two words for the UN and Pakistan  it ant happy motoring .Lets start with Kenya!U.S. Total Economic and Military Assistance FY 2011, $US millions1,032.10   That's Billion!United States Foreign Aid Summary ChartAll figures in millions of US dollars (rounded off)2007: 4372006: 2132005: 1592004: 1012003: 522002: 442001: 38(2008, 2009, 2010 Geographic summary data is no longer offered.)Do you need a crystal ball to figure out why that is?His initials are: Barry Soetoro a.k.a. Harrison J Bounel, a.k.a. Barrack Hussein ObamaPaying off his Homies!

Kill 'em all and let god sort 'em out.  Really.  Kill.  Them.  All.

obama is just getting started

Of course it secret, their killing civilians, and they know it. Obama's peace prize might get taken away. Water boarding a captured known terrorist involved with 911 for information is terrible though.

DUH its a friggin war unfortunately people die

...Pakistani officials regularly criticize the attacks in public as a violation of the country's sovereignty...What about our sovereignty on 9/11/2001?

We need to listen to UN ... says no one.

Can someone please explain Obama to me?He called Bush "unpatriotic" for nine trillion in debt and accused his administration of "robbing from our children", but then Obama ADDS SEVEN TRILLION, goes on record claiming that "we can sustain it" and robs our children BLIND!  HUH?!?!?!?!He lashes out against enhanced interrogation techniques and thinks it's wrong to torture for information, but has no problem KILLING THESE VERY PEOPLE??  HUH?!?!?!?!Who are the imbeciles that voted for this guy??

And we wonder why the rest of the world hates America?

how many civilians killed by the Taliban or Al-Quaida during the same time frame..How many of these cowards use civilian population as a screen....Pakistan is our friend when they cash our checks .....but where was Osama found and how many died while he was quote hidden in the middle of their country a few blocks from a Military Academy....Civilian Casualities are always a regret but how many did their loss evently save?#$%$ the U.N.

They dont get sovereignty until they can stop taking US taxpayer money and stop protecting our enemies!

If Pakistan feels this way.......Give us back all the MONEY we have given you now and in the past.You want to be a Sovereign Nation? Stand on you own two feet and feed yourselves, clothe yourselves, Educate your people, then you can bite the hand that FED you for all these years......................

The UN and Pakistan are one big dung heap. Why do we have a UN anyway. They are totally ineffective at everything. You don't like us, leave New York.

Obama is a war criminal -- 4500 + murdered foreigners on foreign soil that were no danger to U.S. territory or interests. He should be in a cage at a war crimes tribunal in the Hague.

We police the world far to much its time to focus on our own problems.

Coming SOON... to a town near YOU...

Civilian, insurgent, can anyone really tell the difference anymore?

They are just getting in practice, so they can unleash the drones in the U.S. on "Terrorists" here,i.e. freedom fighters when it comes down to it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Democrat in Oval Office = War Good/ProtectionRepublican in Oval Office = War Bad/Murderyou chase the enemy where ever they run to, if Pakistani officials dont like it then they should take action to stop the mililants from crossing into their country..their government is too crooked to do something like that!

I wish President Obama would own up to this blatant violation of not just US citizens rights, but human rights in general.

the american citizens DO NOT CONSENT TO THE GOVERMENTS USE OF DRONES TO KILL PAKISTANI CIVIALINS ETHER!!!!!!!!!! OR THE OHMA TERROSIT ORGNAZATION RUNNING OUR COUNTRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!we american citizens DO NOT CONSENT TO OHMA"S KILLING OF INOCENT PEOPLE OF ANOTHER COUNTY&gt;the un needs to do something about ohma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This can't be. Obama won the Nobel PEACE prize. OH, the irony.

It's all OK people. No worries. We've got a Nobel Peace Prize winner running our drone program. Take that!

fine, we will take our drones, and our money with us. stop aiding pakistan

Has anyone  forgotten...we are fighting a war?

Is Pakistan even a country any more?

One of the few Obama decisions I agree with...although some spooks would prefer to capture some of these murderers to extract intel, whacking them out of the clear blue sky is somewhat satisfying

The Pakistanis can't control what goes on 'under their own roof', they are pseudo allies at best...the heck with themI'm sorry what? OK then Pakistan, please do tell where the terrorist training camps are, where the jihadist hang out and where you store your nukes so that we here can sleep a lot better at night

This "man" has a nobel peace prize....Shows how screwed up things really are...

The U.N. keeps that kind of bashing up...Obama and his minions might well re-think signing the many treaties that would cede US sovereingty to the U.N. and other third world countries. You best back off, UNers!

Looks like international Terrorist is USA

Why doesn't Pakistan just return our billions of dollars of foreign aid money if they are so unhappy with the US ?

Drone on &amp; on &amp; ON

Ben, you stupid piece of #$%$. You understand how the game it played. The Pakistani government HAS to say that. Their lives would not be worth a plug nickel otherwise. They can not control Waziristan. They know it. We know it. The UN knows it. Only you seem not to know it. The drones strikes are the only way. There is no other alternative.

Let Pakistan fund the UN.

400 civilians my butt!! Yeah 400 AK47 carrying civilians!!!!

These countries are using our own money to kill our young men and women in the service. Time to stop this financial support.F the UN - they are a useless organization.

Drone strikes are bad cause they get innocent people killed. I am for the destruction of terrorists. I hope that one day war will cease and peace, love, and understanding will prevail.

Drones are illegal, immoral, and Anti American

Stop the free money to them and lets get our troops home and secure our borders

As they sat with Bin Laden and denied he was there and as they hold the man that helped catch him in prison cut their funds off

Nobel Peace winner Barack H Obama has recorded the Guiness Book of records for most Drone Assasinations! WTG Barack!!!Yet Americans are ok with him killing Americans in America?Tyrany has one name and it is Obama

Laws, Constitutions, human lives.  What the hell do I care about these things, I'm Barack Obama.  I'm President of the world, bichez.

2005: Multiple civilians killed in drones attacks, arrest Bush!2013: Multiple civilians killed in drone attacks, Obama probably has our best in mind.

The real downside of the drone war - is when other nations decide they can send drones to "surgically" destroy their enemies...  even if those enemies are in America or Europe.  I suspect that our government won't be any happier than Pakistan is, at that point - but since we're killing civilians with relative impunity, we have no moral high ground.  And we'll still have just as little moral high ground as we bury our own "collateral damage".  Obama has opened Pandora's Box, and he isn't smart enough to do anything except try to shift blame for it.

This is the hazard of fighting a computer game war, it's hard to control killing the people your after with killing people who just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. I would like to bring all our troops home, they'll need a rest if NK does something stupid and we end up having to defend SK, now that would be a war of yester year, belt bluckle to belt buckle fighting. It would make everything else we've done since 9/11 look like child play.First, I think we should not expose them to any more of our nasty western Christian monitary assistance. Second, I think that they should be made aware of the fact that if they insist on killing defenceless people, then they can expect the same treatment in return.

We are not allowed to go in and win a war any more. We can not bomb them like we have done in the past because nuclear weapons would be flying everywhere so we send our kids in to get killed. It has been that way ever since Viet Nam. I say stop all money to other countries and protect our country here at home. Stop foreigners from coming into the USA, protect our southern border and take care of the big problems we have here at home for awhile.

FUCKTHEUN..Get them OFF of US SOIL..No More Money for these  criminals and thieves

Just warm-up sorties before unleashing them on us.

If the UN is against it, that only proves we should keep doing it!

We kill the tali-wacks and al-kides in one country and support them in anotherIS IT ME OR ARE WE REALLY THE CORN-FUSED---STOP ALL THE AID TOTALLY--and--GET OUR TROOPS HOME-----WE GOT BORDERS TO PROTECT RIGHT HERE !!!!!!!

See "DRONES"...Coming to a town near you.............

Ever wonder howmany drones are watching us from above here in USA?

People they are all ready here looking at you. meet a person who says she flies drones over out country the other day at the mall

Pakistan is a known shelter for terrorist organisations from the Taliban to Al Quiada, And they will lie like rugs to our face about this simple fact. Obviously these known terrorists dont like being terrorized. They if anything should step up these attacks in all muslim nations!F(u)ckin war criminal...somebody from the UN please come and arrest Obama....papapapapa pleeeeeease????

They lost their sovereignty when they harbored Bin Laden knowingly!

What does the UN say about harboring terrorists in Pakistan?  What does it say about allowing cross border attacks into Afgahnistan?  Will the UN defend Americans?

Ever been in a Pack-your-stanny prison? What a line of that stuff they like there.

Don't believe it. Pakistan wants us to use our drones to wipe out bad guys they can't access. It's political suicide for them to be anti-Taliban. It's the old "No America, Don't!" *wink**wink*

America has always been resented. If we closed our borders and went completely isolationist, we would be condemned for that. Do we "stick our nose" in other countries business? Sometimes that's necessary. It's a dangerous world and we have lots of people in interests to protect. In a perfect world, there would be no need for covert action or overt drone strikes, but that is sadly not the case.There are around 30 conflicts raging around the globe right now. Not ALL, but most of them have one thing in common. The aggressors in most of these are adherents to the so-called "religion of peace".The Taliban operates with impunity within Pakistan's borders. They have already demonstrated what they would do if left to themselves. Al-Qaida had a strong presence in neighboring Afghanistan before the US-led invasion.  As a result, we got 3000 dead on 9/11, and Bin Laden and Mullah Omar escaped into Pakistan.When Pakistan stops siding with, and harboring these bad actors and cooperates with us to rid their country of the likes of the Taliban, and when countries like Iran stop sponsoring terrorism; when Islamists stop their Jihads around the globe, and stop blowing up innocent civilians; then they, and their like, can complain about the US all they want to. Until then, they should just duck and cover and shut the F’ up.

how about when we killed osama without telling them?  he was our number one bad guy living there, in their military complex town.  sure we violate their air space, but it gets us RESULTS

It is time for America to get its butt out of foreign countries altogether.  Trillions of dollars spent and wasted fighting a war that cannot be won by force in the mideast (that is unless you choose to go massive war with nucs).  The Brittish learned this in Afghanistan, as did the Russians, and now the USA.  The answer.....get out, stop sending money there, don't buy mideast oil, and defend our borders.

By hiding terrorists, they're risking their own people, keep up with the drone strikes.

We should get out of the UN.the left is so blind to obama - idiots

The United States has a history of giving sanctuary to war criminals, such as Nazi scientists and deposed South American dictators. Should foreign countries that seek to bring their war criminals to justice be allowed to use drones to attack these criminals on American soil?   Or, does being the world’s only superpower mean the U.S. is exempt from all the international agreements, treaties, and laws.  Oh yeah, they hate us for our freedoms, not because we are the biggest bully on the planet.

like anyone cares about pakistan sovereignty.

Its a matter of time when other countries will use their drones on us, just because its ok for us to use ours on them.

wait - this can't be - Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize - he's a peace loving Democrat - not one of those evil Republicans... It's so funny how values shift as a matter of convenience in this country...

i really dont care who kills these islamist parasites,,400 is not enough

so is eric holder a farce

Since when does Obama care about what anyone else wants or thinks?

... Then why doesn’t the Pakistani air force shoot the drones down?The reason is the Pakistani government is complacent in the US use of drones in their territory.  They just said that to the UN so it’s population reads that.

You know its funny the people on here blaming our own Gov for 9/11. and other things. COWARDS because this is the only forum you are brave enough to say the things you do. I guess you like keeping your teethThese drone strikes are very effective. I don't like many of president Obama's policies, but I do agree with this one. In war there is always collateral dammage. People seem to forget that in WWII civilian populations were targeted by all sides. There is a reason for the saying "War is Hell". I am against war as much as the next guy, but if we don't rid the world of evil, we will be at it's mercy.

well then,why doesn't the U.N. step up and fight terrorists on the ground!!!  We are trying to save U.S. lives.  If Pakistan doesn't want us or our money, then tell us and we will leave and let you fight your own battles!  So how do you like us now??!!

And why should anyone care what they say? Certainly not the US; we formally gave up on the "Moral High Ground" BS when we attacked/invaded Iraq!

How can you tell civilians from combatants when they don't wear uniforms ?

President Obama- your new judge, jury, and executioner.

And now Barry wants to start doing this in out country. God save us

we kill civilians we sell arms to drug dealers we support dictators and wonder why other countries want to do harm to us.i just can,t understand it.

Oh boo effing hoo, as long as the Pakistanis allow the Taliban and other terrorist to live in their villages and within their territories they have no one else to blame for their casualties but themselves.

The drone attacks that kill civilians are just what we expect from Time's man of the year and the Nobel Peace Prize winner

This is why we loose, there are no civilians in war. If we decide we have to attack someone in an area due to our being at war with them, then people can be collateral damage, but not civilians. We as a country we try to keep collateral damage at a minimum, but if we are to keep it at none, then lets just quit funding the military and surrender to the first who attack us. Wait a minute that's what we are already doing, so never mind the above comments.Okay since the UN says to I guess we will stop ? Lets let the UN dictate how we run our conflicts.If we got out of Afghanistan now instead of 2014 we wouldn`t be drone striking anyone.But since we aren`t leavimng until then, we need to operate however we feel prudent about it and go tell the worthless UN to suck an egg.

there comes a time when you get tired of being lied too. The Pakastane goverment has lied and lied about harboring murders and wanted criminals.amd do not have the power to stop the drug runners, So to bad we will send drowns to stop them and yes they hide in plane sight....they don't care how many other people are killed so why should we......the drugs kill our kids every day...

This country can't even afford to take care of our citizens let alone help 'Save the world' policies that usually result in failure-See Oblameless' 4+ years in office. Stop the freebees!

The UN is violating OUR sovereignty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

No more.  Just get us out of the Middle East.  I was in the first Gulf War.  After 9/11 I did four rotations in the AOR (2 in Iraq, to in Afghanistan) &amp; saw too many friends get hurt &amp; killed.  It's been almost 11 years and things are worse, with countries who were our allies turning their backs on us and becoming radicalized - both within their own populations &amp; their own government.  I don't want any more Americans killed.  I have an 8-year old daughter &amp; a 5-year old son, and I don't want them having to go back to that he!! hold when they get to be 18 -- which will happen if we don't get things settled,,,and no amount of guns or drones is going to solve this.  I don't have all the answers,,,but bleeding our military to death isn't the answer.~ MP.S.: FYI - I retired after 25-years of service and I still have contacts within the military.  Things are bad people,,,bad.

Tell Taliban and Al Qaidi to put on uniforms and we won,t kill your precious cilivians. We don,t want them no use for useless uneducated sheep herders.

What has the U.N. Done other than make Alot of Management Types RICH thru Theft Of Funds.

And this Incompetent idiot for a Prez wants to use it on American soil, against enemies of the Country, irregardless of the collateral damage it will inflict upon American citizens? I will admit I mistakenly voted for the King and Queen of America,(that's how their acting), Obumma and Michelle with her dozens of shoes and countless parties being thrown--what a joke!

400 deaths, that it? There has to be more. We all know that rather than go in and only go after the terrorist the government would rather blow the whole place up

How did this story make the major media?   Did someone not get invited to the White House often enough?A smart man once said "you are either with us or against us."  I think I know what side Pakistan sits on....

Amy towhead protecting Any #$%$ we want to kill should be ready to have their   sovereignty violated.anyone who dies should not have been hang-en out with the one we were aiming at.  Again if you would handle ur S**T we would not have to.

Watch Pakistan and Afghanistan return to what they were JUST A SH@THOLE!!!

400 is a lot less than I've seen in other articles.

Yeah, the world loves Obama, all right, and supports the direction he's steering America.Just like we were big fans of Gorbachev, and supported the direction he steered the Soviet Union.People generally encourage you when they see you fit into their plans.

Hey UN find money else where to promote your BS agenda!!! USA should withdraw from the UN and IMF !!!

obama is all about secrecy and lies.......and you followers are like the germans of the 1930s, blindly led.

Frig the pak's.......They take our money and complain... Is that a frendly govenment to the US I think not.

He said they were decimated and on the run !!! He is desperate !!!!!

More mumbo jumbo from the United Nothing!Odd the media did not report this before the election bias maybe?

B52s carpet bomb they whole region...pakistan is aiding the enemies!

Time to hand back that Nobel Peace Price El Presidente.

Pakistan protecting terrorists is a danger to American sovereignty.Why do we give these people money again?

drone the UN team.....

I think travel agencies should charter trips to Afghanistan, Iraq,  and let the people on these trips take guns, I could see it now, Ya, I was in Afghanistan and this buck (Taliban) popped his head up and I got a clean shot. The Taxidermist did a pretty good job of filling the bullet hole, Don't cha think?

Every time we kill a civilian, the family members and friends of that person killed are not happy with us. Some of those people decide they want to join the fight against us. This is called "blowback", and is why we will never when the "war on terror".Canada has won the war on terror. How? They don't engage in imperialism, or meddle in the affairs of other Countries. Notice how nobody is flying planes into their buildings. The repercussions aside, we can no longer afford to be the world's self-appointed police force. We are 16 trillion in debt, and cannot afford endless war in the Middle East. It's time to bring the troops home. ALL the troops. Let the natives fight amongst themselves. We have our own problems.

Obama - didn't he receive a Noble "PEACE" Prize???? laughable!! Only the ignorant would think Obama deserved that! "400 civilians dead" - nice!!

Nobel peace prize? Winning!

9/11 a violation of USA soveriegnty, no UN outcry then!  A war allows the use of weapons of war.  Hang with known terrorists, so sorry!  Drones from the air do NOT endanger any of America's finest.  Use the heck out of the drones!umm its a war zone over there its the price you pay for living in a war torn country im not saying its right  but when you fight a military that hides among its people this will happen  we should pull all our people outa these countrys and stop all aid and money ,arms and never let them come to the states this gos for all the countrys that dont like westernersno matter how much we try and help them they will never like us we could use the money that we send them to help pay down the debt we give billions to these countrys

400 civilian deaths? Come on we can do better. Someone's not trying.

Pretty soon i will be droning the US. - Barack Obama

Does Pakistan have a soverign rirht to harbor Terrorists?

they are all war mf criminals

The UN says what now?  Meh.....

A Dog is a better friend than a Pakistanian. "AMEN".

You will never hear compaints from the Left about drones. If Bush was in the White House, holy moley!!

"...Villagers told the AP that of at least 194 people killed in the attacks, about 70 percent — at least 138 — were militants. The remaining 56 were either civilians or tribal police, and 38 of them were killed...." NYC said 3000 died in the twin towers. NONE of them were Militants, nor did they sympathize or harbor Al quaida.

Guess we have to stop admitting its us again.  While we're at it dump the UN and NATO they are the monkey on our backs.As far as probes in America,if its keeping us safe from Thugs,and dopers Right On!

But, but, I thought Hussein Obama promised change?!?!?

The civilians killed by drone strikes wear the contemporary female garb and hide in hospitals and nurserys.  I say kill em.

The US violates a ton of country's sovereignty. Nothing new here.

so it is official, according to the UN Obama is a terrorist.  He is killing innocent women and children in his private little war.  BTW, when did congress authorize Obama to attack Pakistan?  Attacking a foreign country is an act of war the last I looked.

Hopefully, Pakistan will get serious about fighting the war on terror, so that drones are not needed in Pakistan.

Obama's drone policy has created a really bad precedent.  In 10 years, will we see Mexico sending drones over our borders to attack gun store owners because they sold guns that ended up in the hands of cartels after the next fast'n'furious?

I know we are suppose to be the good guys wearing the white hat but the numbers listed as civilian deaths are nowhere near the numbers of innocent people who died during the Twin Towers attack by al-Qaida.I personally believe by taking out the leaders they won't be planning or doing anymore acts of terrorism against  thousands of innocents.  So if a few hundred die to save thousands how can you say it is wrong.M.

Impeach bama!!! If this had been bush, the #$%$ would have hit the fan. obvious racism.

Bad guys who hang out with the good guys will always be a problen for the good guys. Yes, they die.STOP ALL AID,   AMERICA FIRST .

“I do not see why man should not be just as cruel as nature”Adolf Hitler

Duh

RELEASE THE HOUNDS ON PACKISTAN!

All these comments....let's reverse the situation....What would these people think if it was happening in the US???

If you export terrorism, the drone will come, better then our young.If they want it to stop, they need to learn to live in peace.

The so called "civilians" were killed because they were hanging around with their Taliban buddies.

Al-Qaida and Taliban do not have a "military"! They are militia... which means their militants are all CIVILIANS! Including the women and children they force to fight for them.May the innocent killed as collateral damge rest in peace!

well its official Obama is a war criminal.  Its time to impeach and remove him from office.

I'm no fan of the dictator and thief, but the UN has no say. If it wasn't for us giving them fifty percent of their budget each year, they would have been closed down a long time ago. UN mind your own damn business. If were in a war, we fight to win. GOD bless all our military both past and present. Thanks for keeping this country safe. This patriot is appreciative of all your sacrifices.Hey U.N. could you also make it against US Sovereignty?  This may be the only reason I could appreciate the UN!  Help American citizens now!  Get them to call off the drones!

I'm happy the UN reconizes Pakistan is soviergn, too bad they and our government don't reconize "we the people are".

Mr. President show the world you have a pair and tell the UN and Pakistan to go and F- off.

Terrorism does not exist.  War is War.  calling people a terrorist is a s dumb as this report.  One group declares war on another group.  Groups try to kill each other untilt he other surrenders!!  Why do we inist on painitng  war out to be noble!! IT is what it is!!! WAR!!!

Drones take the accountability out of murder.

Hey. that's the same type of plane that hit the twin towers.

Put Obama in Guantanimo!

Never thought I would actually agree with the UN on something.

First of all we should not be using the drone program period.  I am against it sure sometimes you get the right guy but what happens when you dont?  Also how would you like some other nation to be able to just drop bombs in your neighborhood because some bad guy might be there?  Wake up we need to stand against this president and his use of this program.  My question is where the hell are all you left wing nuts now that Obummer is doing this.  You would not shut the hell up when Bush was doing it now is your time to show its not party its right or its wrong.  I stood with you against bush so where are you to fight this guy.

The problem with the drones/unmanned aircraft (is the fact),,,that anyone can build a drone, and arm them,,, and this is all by comparison (relatively inexpensive),,,,meaning,,,,it will become easier to attack america from many place from around the world,,,china, russia, canada, mexico, the carribeans, south america,,,I think this governments arrogance with its military might may just blow up in its face,,,,I believe america is simply showing the rest of the world how to neutralize its military advantage,,,,because a drone can be armed with any type of war head (even small nuclear devices) and used to hit any target on land or at sea,,,,I believe that drones will play a major part in the fall of america,,,,,america has simply leveled the playing field, for the rest of the world,,,,,,what perfect idiots you americans have in leadership positions,,,,,LOL,,,wow,,,the Muslims are going to love this,,,,Maybe Feinstein should go there and lobby for gun control. That way they wouldn't look like enemy combatants.

Somehow the Obama administration will blame Bush.......

wow... how about pakistani terrorist infringing other countries sovereignty

It's interesting to see the contrast between how the news covers this administration and the last. What a bunch of hypocrites.

Obama gets away with a lot because he is Democrat AND Black.

obama is a murderer!!!

Pakistan hid Osama Bin Laden for 10 or more years, and is a refuge for Al Qaeda and Taliban leaders and their fighters. The Pakistani government has always been in collusion with the people who attacked us on 9/11.President George W. Bush, in an address to a joint session of Congress on September 20, 2001 said, "Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists."Pakistan has chosen their side, so bombs away!

Islam radicalizes folks with any number of excuses... the most common being "Allah wills it."  The drones are no more or less relevant than any number of lamentations from the zealots.Same country that hid Bin Laden and still receives age.  Get bent.And always nice to see the U.N. used to champion self-determination.  This is the same entity that wants to quash the U.S. Bill of Rights and control U.S. energy policy.

Who cares? America is the greatest country in the world, we can do whatever we want.At least that's how our government thinks.... not me.

So they won't mind if we cut off monetary aid then?? GOOD!! No Drones, no money.Only genetic engineering is going to solve this country's problem.....too much inbreeding with family members and throw a few goats.

Drone strikes are a necessary and effective evil. The only alternative to them would be a ground invatation. Would you really rather see another Iraq style war instead??

The Government loves drones. They cannot talk. A human pilot has a soul and will eventually talk if he feels he is doing wrong and may check up or question what is going on. Sociopath's who do not care love this technology. Out of site out of mind. If it not seen or done by a human no harm no foul. It is just the business of war.

Next time, maybe others should be kept in line by their allies and don't start a war with the US. now that you did - #$%$ happens, too bad.

Most conservatives do not agree with Obama on alot of things, but when it comes to the use of drones he has huge support from the right. They're just have a little trouble saying it out loud.

He left in secret so we could not drone strike him

Where oh where have all of the liberal anti-war protestors disappeared to?  I guess it's okay when it's your boy waging the war.  Hypocrites.

Enough, stop being the world police force.   Kick the UN out of NY and quit funding any and all types of foreign aid.   Shut all internet links into the US from other countries down.  Stop educating the foreign students and see where that leaves them.   Plus, stop feeding the world.

wasnt bin laden chilling near an pakistan military base/training camp.. when we found him? Sometimes you got to stop kissing peoples as* and put a foot there. whats the phrase, do what you need to do an apologize later?  besides its not like we are trying to go to war with pakistan right?

What authority and credibility does the UN carry in such matters? Are the US and Pakistan intelligence agencies foolish to waste such precious weapons to kill civilians?So the UN secretly managed to determine that the US flying military weapons into Pakistan territory is somehow a violation of Pakistan's territory.wow

All this uproar about drones. Would everyone be happier if these were manned airplanes putting the pilots at risk? Get out of other countries, come home, defend America, stop foreign aid.

Obama wouldnt kill.He has a Nobel Peace Prize to prove it.So what if he`s for brutal abortion rights.He`s got that Peace Prize.

War now equals profit they don't care about human life especially the 'poor' who usually die in these wars while their kids are off at Harvard

Re Carl's: "We are not allowed to go in and win a war any more. We can not bomb them like we have done in the past because nuclear weapons would be flying everywhere so we send our kids in to get killed. It has been that way ever since Viet Nam. I say stop all money to other countries and protect our country here at home. Stop foreigners from coming into the USA, protect our southern border and take care of the big problems we have here at home for awhile."Agree with you in basic spirit, Carl. But dude, with the exception of Native Americans... we are all "foreigners" here in this country. You are... so is your family. How 'bout instead we just be a little bit picky about which foreigners we let in?

Pakistan's home grown terrorists are opposed to the drones, and the UN and media are willing lap dogs to support their qualms. Good job of using your influence to help keep the world safe, #$%$.

Coming to a US city near you!

so let me get this strate the un has a problem with oboma killing pacastans civilions but yet killing us citizens is ok am i not the only on that thinks somethings #$%$ up here

Maybe if we stopped killing their people in their country they wouldn't want to kill us. Thats just a silly thought though.

What I don't understand is why since he is terrorizing America, the CIA doesn't fire a drone missile or two straight up the center of Barack Obama's #$%$. And then maybe dump his limp, lifeless body into the ocean like we do with all the big named terrorists. If we are going to target -- so to speak (and figuratively speaking... lol!) -- terrorists then probably we should start right here at home with this home bred (some people say) terrorist POS President of ours. The man is terrorizing our Constitution.Do you think Obama cares?  He doesn't even care for the Constitution of the U.S. in which he is the president (fraudulent by lies) so what makes you think he cares about Pakistan?  Not that I would either since they were HIDING Osama Bin Laden and follow the religion of a pedophile prophet who is the devil's pawn.

What did they expect from a guy that does as he pleases anyway?

Where's the two-faced liberals on this.

I'm sorry, I didn't realize a chitpile had sovereignty.

The Pakistanies violated American trust by harboring Bin Laden . You attack the U.S. we will follow you to the end of the world for retribution period.

Isn't this the same UN that wants to give women rights? _isses me right off. Hell, if they get their way I am going to have to release my wife.Actually (being serious now), how 'bout we stop funding the UN. They are a worthless organization. No, they are worse than just worthless... the UN actually CREATES problems.

Coming soon to a city near you.

lets see he did this in three days,,in which he got his information from the pakistani people and he decided the americans were in th wrong wow thats a shock

Re Osmar's: "Why do old people have to run the world?"Because (unfortunately) far too many young people -- young people in today's world of political correctness and other reality-disguising shortcomings -- do not require of themselves even basic 'big boy pants' competency in any given field. They have been brought up being given gold stars for their foreheads just for showing up and sitting in their little chairs at school. They don’t have to become truly educated, they just have to show up and sit there. Way too many young people today do not even own a pair of big boy pants... knowledge wise/intellectually speaking. And its sad, too. And dangerous. And I wish things were different, but they are not.

Fk Pakistan!!You can make all the claims for sovereignty that you want, but if you can't control what happens within your own border, you can't expect other countries to honor those claims. If Pakistan was able to clean out the Taliban from the tribal areas (or at least make a real effort), they might have a legitimate grievance. Unfortunately for Pakistan, their sovereignty over those areas is a sham.

My only question is when can they (the drones) start carrying Nukes?

Keep sending this rat infested Billions while they harbor Terrorist. They really are no help to the USA so cut the Billions off. How many car bombs went off in civilian areas by the Radical Muslims oh I guess that's OK right Packystan. Cut Aide from these @-HOLES !!!!!

SO....................... AND WHATS THE PROBLEM........ THEY ARE ALL COLLABORATORS..................

"Pakistani government told him it has confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones on its territory". Yup, pakistanis are the most honest people on earth!!! Sarcasm. Emmerson is a naive idiot!!!

I agree. Bring all our people home and let them go back to killing each other. The net result is the same, only we don't waste billions of dollars each year, not to mention American lives.

Isn't this "the pot calling the kettle black"?

Answer -- stop harboring terrorists in your country ragtops.Until then you have no sovereignty!

This is because Barack "HUSSIN" Obama has no experience, no traditional values and no  balls between his legs, he is and always will be the worst president ever! Impeach asap America.

Bin Laden was living 20 miles from there equvilent of what our West Point is.........and they say they didnt know it?????????They are not to be trusted, this has been proven over and over.Yet we continue to give them and other countries over there millions in aid becauseit is in our national interests.There is a simple solution.......... bring the kids home..........Sounds to me like someone in the US is guilty of War Crimes.

Ohhhh well!  Tough #$%$.  War is a b*tch.  Small price to pay for harboring a terrorist that killed thousand with a jet liner.

So.........Obama can kill civilians with bombs fired from drones, thats ok.But Bush dumps water in a guys face a few times and the left wants him brought up on war crime charges...??  If the left doesn't spark an outrage and ask for impeachment then they should never be taken seriously again......   HYPOCRITES !!!

Either get out completley or use the world war 2 way, and carpet bomb the whole area and let God sort them out

When you're dropping bombs from 60k feet in the air, of course you're going to have collateral damage.

Coming soon to a country near you, compliments of you friendly murderous president obama.

These countries offer us nothing that we need that we can't get elsewhere. Bring all our troops, personnal and our equipment home. Stop all monetary, humanatary and medical aid. Stop any and all banking between us and them. Put them on the list of countries that U.S. busineses can no longer do business with. Restrict and or stop all travel to these countries. Accept no visa aplications. Let the U.N. deal with it, without any assistance from the U.S. Let them all know what kind of retaliation there will be should there be any threat against us or our interests. They have shown and continue to prove that they don't like us and don't want any "nation building", so lets give them what they want on this. When we decide that these countries are civilized, maybe then, will we sit down and discuss things. We have given way too much and have gotten nothing in return.

Now it's for sure that I am not for obama in any way in fact I wish a sinkhole would find him but as far civilians getting killed or hurt from drones is of no consequence or importance during war. It is the fastest of the two options which are drone attack or sending special troops like the Rangers in to kill the target which we have done for many years but that takes longer and has more chance to go wrong. As much as I hate to say it, being retired Army this is the one and only thing I agree with that SOB on but only in a war zone or Islamic country.

War is hell, this is war not peace. Keep the war there, not here.

and the u n thinks it`s okay for terroist to violate our sovereignty to kill over 3000 innocent people !!  FUDGE THE U N !Pakistan has no sovereignty in what they call the "lawless" tribal regions. It's fair game to bring it under control.

We do what we have to do because no one else will. If Pakistan needs to blame someone for whats wrong, they need to look in the mirror.

Pakistani officials regularly criticize the attacks in public as a violation of the country's sovereignty, a popular position in a country where anti-American sentiment runs high.This paragraph says it all. Let's go and Bye Bye billions in financial assistance.

how did this guy win nobel peace prize?

And now the tip of the iceberg of the start of the New World Order has presented itself.  Here we go !

When is Obama going to apologize?

Reading the comments, it seems some believe anything we do, is right. While some others see a future when drones cant tell us apart as Americans, and civilian casualties will also be right. I would say, lets be right in whom we kill. how many civilians is too many? We need to be better in who we target, who we kill, and learn how to tell a combatant from a herder. Or they will try the same thing here, and shoot us for observing our 2nd amendment.

In all reality, this is worse than Sandy Hook.

If there was consent it should have been in writing--show it to them or at least a copy! End of discussion!

Screw the UN! They are useless anyway. We should do whatever is needed to protect our soldiers including killing the enemy across a border before they cross and attack us.400 civilianws now overseas ext how many here in America.  these people in DC have gone wild and need to be voted out

How many thousands of Afghans were not killed by all the terrorists we made go play with 72 virgins?

youtube "EX MI5  agent on 911"

search on youtube "EX CIA agent on 911"know the history

Get rid of the UN and DO IT NOW!

Duh!  But,  since drones are used by corporations to control profits and markets, and most corporations are multinational and above governments,  what will they "say" about that?

Couldn't find any mention in the liberal UN (United Nitwits) report any mention of the thousands of innocent civilians killed by all of the terrorists groups based in Pakistan.  Also don't see them differentiate between a young girl on a bus speaking out against the Taliban and those who live with/support/house/feed/arm/finance the terrorists who are valid targets.  Funny how the liberal UN, that Oblama wants to lead as the ruler of the world, always forgets key points.

Well then let the U N stop us from doing it. I shaking already just knowing they might send a strongly worded letter to us.

you people are stupid do you think you are going to get to vote on this? You just be good sheep and pay your taxes while the government deals with the big bad wolf.

Screw the damned Useless Nations! Secret research trip my #$%$ These #$%$ are using OUR tax $'s to make the US look bad! We are the one funding this anti-American, anti-Semitic, corrupt bunch of 3rd world THUGS! We should ignore these GREEDY, wanna be dictators and de-fund their efforts NOW! They are stealing our hard earned money for their own devices!By the way, if Pakistan wants us to stop using drones, maybe they should be doing something to reduce the Muslim TERRORISM in their own country. If they did that, maybe the drone attacks may cease! Lastly, STOP their funding from US Foreign Aid! They HATE us!Schew the UN....If Pakistan is hding the enemy in their territory we WILL go in and find him. end of story.

I suggest we withdraw all our billions of $ in aid to Pakastan....and see how pakistan likes their "soverignty"

The location of the UN violates US soverignty.

hey! collateral damage is to be expected in these circumstances................

This report comes out seven years ago and all news media would be crucifying the president at that time.

The UN= Modern day peanut gallery.

The world has to realize we no longer have a president and a democracy, The United states now has a King, his name is King Obama. Other countries should not feel bad as the King said he can use the drones to kill Americans on US soil. I really think the King wants the title of GOD.

Screw Pakistan. What about drone use in California?

They bring it on themselves when they chose to let bin laden live in their country for several years... they have no right to complain when they continue to give refuge to terrorists.  We have a right to defend ourselves from those who actively try to bring us harm, regardless of where they hide or who/what nation gives them refuge.

Yahoo has censorship s29 out of every 30 comments on yahoo mobile phone on this articleStop sending our money to them while Americans are getting laid off...Let them hate us for free..

Humm....they had no idea Osama Bin Ladin was there living beside their largest military base right?  Seems to me that Pakistan gets to much money from the U.S. to talk out of both sides of their mouths which is pretty clear is happening.  Wait I think Pakistan receives the most money then any other country....

Pakistan is the enemy of the US, why dont we just admit it and treat them as such?

Empty chair...empty assault aircraft

Sorry, Pakistan doe not have control over it's "automomous territories". So, Pakistan claims it is not responsible for what happens there, be it terrorist training camps, harboring Al Quaida etc. Pakistan can't have it both ways. Either TAKE control, or don't. If you don't take responsibility for what occurs there we will attack our enemies that have declared war on us and are hunkering down in the Territories.

Pakistanis are stupid. The US is using Pakistan. Just like US used Iraq. I dont even trust US govt, why would anyone from outside this nation trust it?

"A major reason why the U.S. has stepped up drone attacks in Pakistan is because it has failed to convince the government to target Taliban militants using its territory to launch cross-border attacks against American troops in Afghanistan."This is a very strange argument. Would Syria also be justified in doing the same against Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, etc who are all arming, training and harbouring terrorists and deserters who are attacking Syria and Syrian troops?

Get rid of the War Pigs...you get rid of war....

One civilian casualty is significant.

Stop all money to the U N and kick them out of this country for good!Obama was all for the UN, but wonder what he thinks now the UN has said he is violating International law. He wants to use the drones so much he will keep his word and start using them on American soil on American citizens.

If our government would only pay for my plane trip to New York and taxi fare I would personally go the the UN headquarters and beat the living snot out of their boss.

Does O(s)ama really wear his Nobel peace medal when he orders a drone strike that kills innocent women, children &amp; babies?

If Pakistan doesn't agree then why don't they shoot them down? I know why, because U.S. is giving billions to Pakistan that is going to the pockets of Pakistani Generals and Politicians. So they just say they are opposing it to appease the Pakistani public.

Is'nt that great? Seems the Ben Emerson and his team of crooks are after allbarking up the wrong tree. They didn't see 9/11 as a violation. But taking outdangerous terrorists anywhere a violation? Recent statistics prove that Pakisthemselves are more of a threat to warring factions.

The US regime, CIA and the US armed forces are the most sadistic,  psychotic, barbaric, ruthless, immoral and corrupt international terrorist organizations that  shamelessly invent nonsensical fairy tales to defame and demonize foreign countries and innocent foreigners ! The soulless bloodthirsty US murderers destroy civilian targets and murder innocent people in cold blood !  SHAME ON THE USA !!!

I just don't want drones flying over my house. If I can't see them, then too bad for me. If I can see them, I'll make short work out of them with a few .223's. It'll be a whole new sport for me and reduce the cost of targets. lol. I'll call it "Droning".

screw the USELESS NATIONS

Don't worry, next they will be using them on Americans!

Why of course those illegal drone killings violates human rights and Pakistan sovereignty, since when does the CIA meant to be a boy scout?Pakistan has been given every opportunity to work with America to kick out or destroy the terrorists. Instead they chose a belligerent stance, providing sustenance and intelligence to the enemy. As far as I'm concerned they chose.

Pakistan should stop harboring terrorists. Then none of their civilians would be killed by drones. Anyhow you have three options. You can suffer a relative handful of civilians dying as collateral damage or entertain a full scale invasion when the Republicans get back into power. The best option is to work with the Americans to catch and kill terrorists. You choose.Same applies to ANY country that harbors terrorists. Get the message?

Just send more  money to pakistan, as they have been such a good friend to the US. There are no civilians around the extremists, anybody in close proximity to them is hard-core militants. Try getting in close to the extremists and you will be killed if you do not support their idealogies. islamic extremists can only exist in a population that supports them, and they do not hang out with "innocent civilians" that cannot be totally trusted.

So the dems think water boarding is bad and drone killings are good. Don't get me wrong, I'm for both. I just hate the politics of it all.

US to UN: chase us for dues.

Just think what Obama is planning for HERE...

And in a different study, researches found the UN is  ill-equipped to deal with contemporary challenges to world order

We know this administration lies to it's citizens. Now the world is seeing what liars they are!!! This administration is quite embarrassing!!!!

I wonder when Obama will use them on Republicans?  Like Obama once said, "They bring a knife yo a fight, I bring a gun".

If another country pulled this in the U.S. it would be considered an act of war yet the U.S. thinks this is an OK thing to do in foreign nations?Actually, drone strikes are one of the few things where I support Obama.  The UN is worthless.

Wait a minute!  Targeting people with drones is a violation!?  Has anyone told Obama this?

Thank God only 3 more years of this worthless divider !

I thought democrats were against the drone attacks and war, i know the U.N. is usless and should be kicked out of America, nothing but a fraud and leech on U. S.A.  Look how they handle Syria, and other world problems, they dont they just keep wanting more money and power. get rid of them !

Basically Pakistan is saying that they should be able to harbor terrorists without having to worry about consequences from the US.

For the last 12 years we are the only nation killing people,thing the world is starting to get the picture.

How many civilians died during WWI &amp; WWII? It's called collateral damage, it happens, get over it you bleeding heart wimps. Not to mention the fact that our enemies will actually hide behind civilians to protect their own butts.

yea, i almost forgot the first million the pols gave to obummer, u know the peace prize,  that simply did away with the validity of the award.  just about the same time moochville became patrotaic. rememeber.

martin luther king..i have a dream !!!!!obama...i have a drone !!!!!

What if Bush were president when this report came out--seems all the Obamabots are bashing the UN but I think if Bush were in the White House we would be seeing him bashed not the UN.I'll say it again;If islam = peacethenCrack cocaine = Flintstone's vitaminsAny questions?

impeach Obama for war crimes and take that damned Nobel peace prize away!

When they are done in Pakistan there is always you caught speeding on the freeway and stopped with a hellfire

Shouldn't have been hiding bin Laden then. traitorous primitives.REPLY you cant be a traitor to someone else's country

Obama's war.

Sovereignty?? Pakistan sold that to the Taliban and other terror networks many years ago. You reap what you sow.

Obama gonna blame this on Secret Service sequester cuts also?

PEACE IS FOR #$%$.

What is this war for anyway,we come home the war is over,you can not win a war fighting no one.

America just loves to kill people ,peace time is no good for war profits to the corrupt politicians and elites who rule the world governmentsKill destroy,we are the rulers of the world,we want all the oil minerals food money,freedom is for fools

What drones?

It is called War!

Wait the tail fin tells all...that is a future designated drone for New York (NY) civilians!! You silly people have NO idea of what's coming!!?

it is an act of war it, its drone rape

Us aid to Crapistan is a violation against the American taxpayers, when do we revolt!

"DRONES KILL"....Is Obama using a DRONE to KILL our ECONOMY ???

UN? UN....Schmooo en!

Well it appears to be the one area where Obama feels he can be macho flexing US Muscle and if one gets shot down..no one is hurt, heck we can spend trillions on these and the only hurt if they misfire or go down is the taliban...a "Nobrainer" even for simpleton Obamasocks (yes, I see him as a Doctor Seuss Character).  I would not criticize 99.9% of the Population but the President always has it coming, Republican or Democrat, and Senator Feinstein needs a new beauty secret, I get it that she has been a mayor and in the Senate for 20 years, and as impressive as that is..and it is very impressive, it pales in comparison to the audacity of the founding father's Senater rules allowing a younger opposition member of the Senate to refresh her memory of the Constitution as many times as she doesn't want to hear it....I think pretty good for an old woman playing old hag on the world state.  Hooray Senator Cruz the worst is yet to come.  I do want to gag when I see democrats, liberals, and stranger gay persons forcing us to choke down their brand of constitutional liberty.  It is for us the living rather to take this "new breath" of freedom.  I think Cruz has had a lot of fresh air...Feinstein probably needs to go the way of the Hindenburg... flames, screams, and bright lights.  As the older bush said..."a thousand points of light".

just who is more powerfulUN or US  ???Does the UN aware that obama is a Noble Peace Prize winner?  It's a Drone for peace program.

Time to get out of the Un-united Nations.  But we can't stop giving nuclear armed Pakistan money or they'll start a war with India, or lose a nuke somewhere.  We are negotiating with terrorists who loved Bin Laden.

Pakistan is Sovereign? Certainly not on its West and North borders. The drones are just Obama and Bidens way of trying to enforce gun control in Pakistan. That's why the drones are getting ready to be implemented here in the states too.

We should be there in any form.   We are violating their soverienty by being there.    Juast goes to show you Obama thinks he can do anything and to anyone he wishes.

No, these drones are like sticking your fingers in a dike.  Stops some water, but not much.  And as far as 'innocent' citizens go, darn, that's awfully hard for us to confirm over here.  How many of those 'civilians' really WERE civilians as Pakistan claims?  I can't honestly say, BUT I can say Osama comfortably lived in Pakistan for quite a while, so WHY do we need to believe the Pakistani claims that these were innocent civilians?  We definitely have a believability issue here.

400 civilian deaths translate into 400 dead insurgents not wearing a uniform. If anyone understands the actual ROE involved in a missile launch, drone or not, you would know that those drones circle for hours if not days or weeks following someone to verify an identity, and often times when the missile is finally launched it is guided by a laser from someone on the ground.

Keep on using the Drones.., if they save American Soldiers lives THEN GOOD.!!

Seems like Yahoo is exercising a greater degree of censorship.  Why?  Are some people offending the liberal mindset too much by making valid comments against some of lib lands favored client groups?  Hard to say as yet.  I've never had one of my comments 'blocked by the admin'.  What DOES it take, 'admins'?

Predator Drones have done so much for America I feel they should have a holiday.

Killing Pakistani women and childeren with Obama drones ! How would that be a violation of Pakistani sovereignty ? Avoid waterboarding but is ok to murder women and children ?"Documents released by WikiLeaks in 2010 showed that senior Pakistani officials consented to the strikes in private to U.S. diplomats, while at the same time condemning them in public."...That says it all doesn't it?

i would like to pat myself on the back and say as the US we protect the world and keep it safe. But the more i learn the less true it is. look at what we have become. Hilter tried to destroy all the jews. but what did we do to the american indians. we raped, used germ warfaire, killed entire tribes of people, why/ we wanted there land. look at the way we think. if you dont want us to invade your country you better do what we want. my son is on his 2nd tour over there and for the life of me I dont know why. all we do is nothing. we shoot each other and make laws about how much is to  soda is to big. make gun laws up . that wont stop anybody.as a nation we have jumped of a cliff  falling to our end  flapping our arms  while saying LOOK I CAN  FLY

UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty - APWell, no #$%$ ! Here's another news flash, the US won't stop the strikes as long as Pakistan refuses, or is unable, to control those areas of it's border that are havens to terrorists threatening our mission in Afghanistan.

Imagine how US citizens would feel if another country sent drones to the US and killed US civilians.  We'd be up in arms and crying for revenge.  Obama would be forced to act.  And yet, Obama and many others think it's perfectly okay to do just that to another sovereign nation.  That is unbelievable arrogance and hypocrisy!

Well, if the UN is so concerned, I suggest they move to Pakistan!

why doesnt the un investigate the continuing killing of women and children in syria by the regime their?

Who paid for the U.N.'s trip?  Three guesses!

How in the world obama qualified for nobel prize winner ?

Obama doesn't care about US sovereignty either, maybe if we kept our nose out of every countries business, we would have fewer enemies.

I guess a 30% civilian kill ration is okay in America too????Here come your dronesHow can that be?  Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!

We will agree to stop drones, if you stop killing our troops and letting terror groups hide in your country........is it a deal?

Dear drone, I have been a very good boy this year. Would you please stop killing innocent civilians, women and children. Please bomb someone who really deserves it barack obama, and dont tell anyone we want to keep it a secret like he keeps it from us. He is far more dangerous than the taliban and al-Qaida combined.

Al Qaeda is to blame for all those civilian deaths, not us.  Civilian wartime casualties are sad but unavoidable.  If people only knew how many innocent French civilans were accidentally killed by the Allies in WW2.

Pull out of the UN, stop writing checks to countries that hate us, bring our brave military people home, and let the sand people kill each other off

Bomb Japan again and God bless Jimmy Swaggert.

So called civilians that hide, house and aid terrorists are not innocent bystanders at all. If they get killed during these drone strikes they got what they deserved. If Pakistan truely took action against the terrorists living in and working from Pakistan there would be no need for the drone strikes !

You know what I find puzzling? Where are the Sean Penns, Susan Sarandons, Ed Asners, Rosie O'Donnells, Bruce Springsteens, Jane Fondas, Janeane Garofalos, Danny Glovers, Michael Moores, Julie Roberts, Alec Baldwins, and the rest of the Hollywood big mouths that had everything to say about Bush? Where are the anti war rallies? Where is Code Pink? Where are the campus radicals blocking Marine Corps recruitment stations? Doesn't there silence and absence prove that they didn't oppose the war itself, it was just and excuse to slam Bush?

The Pakistani's must be making this up because our grand and glorious annoited leader would never lie to us or decieive us. Would he?

and the haqani network and isi violate the law all the timeHaving a foreign entity flying military sorties over your sovereign soil killing innocent civilians in the process is a war crime.It's all fun and games until the first time these Military Drones are used on American soil and kill a score of innocent men, woman and children, all in the name of fighting "terrorism".Tell us then how you like it.

The most troubling piece here is that Pakistan intelligence agencies that provide the intelligence for these strikes, simultaneously criticize them. While such doublespeak might be OK in Islam, it maligns USA unjustly.

An illegal war by a corrupt Obama Administration. They should be charged with war crimes.

"precision weapons help avoid significant civilian casualties"  So, I guess NONsignificant civilian casualties is okay?

Total Solution:  On Saturday at noon, Pakistan, Afganistan, Iran, time...everyone come out and look straight up.  Then wait for the really, REALLY big bright flash.

There are three things I don’t trust. Pakistanis from Islamabad, Yahoo reporting, and the Dutch. Two of those three things put this article together.

Then they can give us back all of the tax dollars we spent on giving Bin Ladin a comfy Villa to live in.

I like the first sentence: "The head of a U.N. team investigating casualties from U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan declared after a secret research trip to the country that the attacks violate Pakistan's sovereignty."So, so secret that we, here in the US,  were NOT told about it. Hmmm. I thought we WERE a member of this useless, CONNIVING organization, and that we DO PAY our very, very fair dues. Daamm! I must have been wrong!There.

pakistan is a insult to every woman that is forced to send aid to them like american women..dont mind helping the women pls take my tax money out of sexist men mouths

The US government does not care about anything except CoG and they will kill anyone who gets in their way. Including Americans. They are the worlds biggest terrorist organization.The UN investigated this by using our tax dollars that we pay this useless institution.  Quit giving them and all other countries our money.

Waaa fricken waaaa.Psst, Hey Pakistan, here's an idea, STOP HARBORING AND ABETTING TERRORISTS!!!

The UN said this!  That is like having the 3 stooges do it!  What a waste of our money to belong to the UN and pay most of the bills!!  Second thought, 3 stooges are running this country!

I bet I could pilot one of those.

Sorry UN but we must go where the enemy is.

Obama is doing a good job trying to wipe out Al-Qqada.   These terrorists are hiding amongst their supporters.   So what if there's some collateral damage?   I simply go back and think about how the twin towers collapsed and the thousands that were murdered.

What has the UN done in the last 10 years-- nothing  --who pays the bills for the UN --wake up UN and start doing what you  are suppose to do which is bring peace and unite the world

I dont get you liberals...You against all wars ..want us out of other countrys,,Yet you stand with obama and his drone killings in other countrys..Make your minds you for war or not..Drones is just another form of war..so which is it liberals?

Lets honor sovereignty by cutting off funding to the un

You offer the enemy comfort of a meal and a place to sleep and gather, you get the damage that you risk, by doing so. It’s just this way. Ask any nit wit in Afghanistan that feeds the taliban…heres a thought ,don't allow your kids, wives ,to comfort the enemies of the people, you propose to support and take money from,,,America should get the hell out of U.N.

Cut off all financial aid and tell them if they mess with us 1 time- We will nuke them- period. This money pit went on way too long.

"The Pakistani government told him it has confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones on its territory...A 2012 investigation by the AP into 10 of the deadliest recent drone strikes in Pakistan found that a significant majority of the casualties were militants, but civilians were also being killed."Isn't this why we say other governments are so bad?  This is not acceptable.  They will do this to Americans on American soil in the near future, claiming they are "necessary casualities" in the "war on terror."And way to garner sympathy for the Muslim hate cause against America, foolish gov't imbeciles.  Like we need any more hatred aimed at us.  Heck, your own American people are beginning to hate you as much as the Middle East hates you!   You're causing people to prepare for "doom's day" and stockpile weapons.  Perhaps you should take a look at the direction of this country, one day soon.  No, you'll just keep acting like a playground bully and turning against the entire American way of life and against your own citizens.

Here in Bakersfield California OBAMA has a NEW Drone program to help the California HIGHWAY PATROL KILL REPUBLICANS!!! If you are driving a 1972 Mercedes 220D Diesel car, and you have a bumper sticker that says," I LOVE COUNTRY MUSIC!!" They will have a Drone follow you home and then launch a MISSILE AT YOU!!!

We are not in those countries for the Taliban.  We need control sowe can exploit their resources and further enrich large corporations.  The people just seem to get in the way.   We could just have the military leave.  Then go back to mine but that takes to long and there is always the risk of nationalization.  It just keeps getting harder to exploit the masses.  Dang!

Well, let's see here, the UN thinks the US shouldn't attack militants in Pakistan, because that is a violation of their sovereignty. However..... those same folks are clamoring for the US to support rebels (that aren't much different in their view of what government should be doing than the taliban....) in Syria... So, why is it ok to violate Syrias sovereignty, but, not ok in pakistan?Nother question I have is, if there is so much 'anti-american' sentiment in Pakistan, why are we sending them millions of dollars a year?We seem to have a bad habit of giving huge piles of money to our enemies. Is it just me, or is that as stupid as it sounds?

we need to get the ╕uck out of the UN

Meanwhile the Taliban have killed thousands of civilians without drones

You need to heed the wishes of the country that hid Bin Laden!

you mean Mr. wonderful did something wrong?one armed drone in the sky is worth more than 5000 troops on the ground.

400 dead civilians?  Who cares!  At least no terrorists got water boarded. That is the important thing.  We would not want the world to think we would pour water over a guys head.

Coming to a US city near you!

Pakistan may be "capable of fighting Islamist extremists by itself" but they either won't, can't or refuse to be an "ally." Stop paying them and watch how fast they change their tune...again!

#$%$ the UN and #$%$ Pakistan

"Only in Washington could an increase of $7 trillion in spending over a decade be called a cut.After the sequester, it was announced that the White House would stop giving tours. Administration officials said that it was due to "cuts" imposed by the sequester.Meanwhile the President found an extra $250 million to send to Egypt. You know, the country where mobs attacked our embassy, burned our flag, and chanted death to America.You know, the country whose President recently stood by his spiritual leader, who called for death to Israel and all who support her."We also knew about the drones killing 100''s of innocents yet the media choose not to report it.  Remember when Obama said that no innocents were being killed.  Just another lie.  Where is the outrage for this, or drone spying on us in America?Time to wake up, folks.

USA even gives money to Al-Quade... CIA created them. We use them to give USA government "plausible deniabillity". You know it must be pretty bad when the UN peacekeepers can say it is bad.

Stop the drone strikes right after you stop the money train!

What doesn't the government understand about "Get The Hell Out"??? It's all a wasted cause and a waste of lives.

Wow guess know one told them when you people shooting at each other some of the one that are there get shoot too! I like the one about STOPPING ALL MONETARY AID!We can't believe anything our own government says any more. If they aren't attacking our rights in one way or another they are attacking a territory that doesn't belong to us and we aren't at war with. Stop the madness. Vote every one of the #$%$ out and start with a clean slate. Leave my rights alone.

just a matter of time before Obama and Holder unleash drones on Americans identified through their financial records as terrorists

Political games! Fact: If those killed were not related to high-ranking Pakistanies politicians and certainly no US politicians, then therefore: THEY WERE EXPENDABLES! Get used to it!!

Pakistan harbors fugitives who go around the world killing, maiming and actively participate in terrorism. However, we would love to get out of other countries business', but the stupid President which we erroneously elected isn't smart enough to BRING OUR TROOPS HOME!

obama won the Nobel Peace Prize. Clearly he had no idea that this was going on. Just kidding. obama is a very bad man.

I don't get it.  We are supposed allies...they recieving billions a year from us yet they are harboring terrorists that are killing americans and we are the bad guys?  I wonder how they'd feel if we just packed up and took our financial aid with us.

and here i thought the good ole US of A is a force of good.......guess we're all just pawns for the politicans

What is their definition of civilian?  Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar and every al Qaida or Taliban fighter are technically civilians?

first off, the UN believes everything the pakastani government says?  Secondly, imagine this....  Instead of drones the U.S. or it's ally's send in massisve amounts ot ground troops and fought a ground war.  I think they would be facing thousands more civilian deaths.

*uck the UN!A civilian in Pakistan is a Taliban member who out down his rifle for a smoke when he got hit by a missile. All these people are terrorists or terrorists to be.

Look up DARPA robots!!!

NWO globalization implementation.  Soon these drones will communicate with each other and become self aware.  Are you Sarah Conner?!

Where are the fake tears Obama?! You fake cry about the Sandy Hook false flag and you have killed more children than a hundred fake Adam Lanza's ever will.

Mosquito drones, look it up!

Collaborators deserve what they get.  While the Pakistani government just wants some more money.

Funny how the gun grabbers are the same ones allowing drones to be used, and the context for taking guns is to save innocent lives.

to bad McCain wasn't president he promise to never attack inside of Pakistan

The UN is a total joke and a waste of time. As to "violating Pakistan's sovereignty" they can stick their sovereignty up the #$%$ of the UN. These sand fleas don't have any sovereignty in the first place. This third world country is a hole in the ground that NO one gives a #$%$ about.

Pakistan is #$%$ off because we caught and killed bin laden which exposed them as the terrorist harbouring country we have always known them to be. well I say screw them. I would tell them to make a choice they either publicly allow us to continue the strikes or we stop sending them money. Money we shouldn't be sending them anyway since it doesn't go to the purpose it should go for but instead lines the pockets of the very terrorist we are trying to killShouldn't have been hiding bin Laden then. traitorous primitives.

if you take money away from the military men and women then you better take the money away from every country that you give to lets have a vote on that

Soon the drones will be targeting Americans on hunting trips

Pakistan is lost and  nothing the UN will say will stop it's slide into an abyss. Their people shot girls in the head. Kill people at random and burn down anything the mobs do not like.

Here's an idea...Pakistan, deal with your dirty, slimy, greasy, cave dwelling barbarians, or we will...got it, you rage head wearing neanderthals?

And he won a Nobel Prize.  Makes you wonder.

the U.N. is a waste of space we belong to  NATO and that's where we should be !

If Obama doesn't care about our constitution why should he give a damn about a nation's sovereirininty?

Where are all the U.S.A. leftist protestors over this?Oh Obama did it, nevermind.If Bush did anything remotely like this, they would scream bloody murder 24/7

Why don't we just stop listening to the UN? Let them go in that corner of history that has failed. If no news comes from them in a week or two, who would notice? Iran? Iraq? Africa (et.al.)? So why does anyone even hear them? A crying voice amid the the destruction that they created.Pakistan forfeited it's "soverignty" when it allows militants to attack out troops from bases within it's country.

F the un  if it was not for us the un would not even have leg to stand on we are the ones that  foots most of the money, and when nations like the french want to oust a leader like kadaphie in lybia and run out of bombs who do they call the good old usa.

Is it illegal to fly into another country airspace?

The UN what a waste of money on a group of useless people.

The president has no right to do what he is doing.He has killed twice as many individuals than died at Sandy Hook. I guess it depend on who you are how valuable your life is.

Really? You mean armed aircraft over flying your territory is a violation? Amazing. Maybe you should protect your borders a little better by not letting the crazies in, ya think?

obama's clowns thinks his word is the word of the ol mighty and the only word. it is time obama needs to be taken down a peg.

UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty -- from the U.S. imperialistic point of view - so what. We are The United States of America and can do anything we wish, and with impunity.  I believe the Romans had the same ideal - and look what happened to them.  Read the Rise and Fall of the Roman Empire. The similarity between the book and what the U.S. is doing  will scare the pants off of you.

Well of course they do! DUH! Would we allow another country to do the same here? NO FLIPPIN WAY! So why are we doing it in other countries?????

And Al Qaeda Talibans, friends of Pakistan, violate US sovereignty.I love it when people criticize distasteful or even downright horrible acts but sleep more soundly because of them.

Yeah well we give $10 Billion a year to these losers who hate us so who cares what the U.N. says. Good god this is the ONLY thing that Obama has done right in four years! Kill more terrorists. And for those of you who are so worried about being spied on, let me assure you that nothing you do is interesting enough for you to worry about being spied on.

What a shock!  The UN on the right side of an international issue.  ANY unauthorized flight over ANY other country is a violation of that countries sovereignity, most especially an aircraft with weapons on board.  It always has been.

Who cares civilians get killed in wars, get real people!!

There was a time when as the US went so went the UN. Lately, the UN seems to be on an American witch hunt. As the single largest provider of funds for that body I believe we should pull out and let them fend for themselves.

Not when they are harboring terrorists.  It's fair game then.

Until Pakistan stops the infiltration of terrorists into Afghanistan, they can go to hell.

If you are a fundamentalist muslim and beleive in marrying children yes DEATH to all you #$%$

Pakistan should be glad we're not bombing their whole country into ashes after we found Bin Laden in their military town near their capitol! They were complicit in 9/11 and should be considered a grave threat.

Obama is a murderer and a war criminal...wow - why are we worried about civillisans? the bad there hide &amp;   fighters  dont dress in any uniforms? DUH? Isnt it called a =WAR??????????????????

Oh c'mon, lighten up, it's not like they're gonna run out of people or something.

Not sure what the problem is?

Okay Obama now you have really screwed up! The UN is top dog and if your not careful you won't be elected to rule the UN and the world (Sarcasm intended) Obama doesn't have a clue!

Just Obama waring with another Muslim Tribe...Thats what they do.

Until they stop taking money from us and stop harboring terrorists,  I say fill there skies with drones and kill as many of these sick freaks as possible.

One very big specially equipped Drone in that area might be a thought.

there are no "civilians" in Pakistan--only current or future terrorists--either way we are helping the situation.  We should also stop funding the UN and eliminate their HQ here.  If it were truly the "United Nations" every country would be paying their fair share--which they are not.

So the UN says America is a big, bad bunch of bullies!  WAH! WaH! These low life d-bags have been #$%$ about the US for decades!  Bunch of #$%$!

Pakistan violated our sovereignty by letting Bin Ladin camp in their back yard.Pakistan = #$%$ / pornistan / pukistan / terroristan / asholistan

CNN reported from Rome today that Catholic Church in USA has paid over US $ 1B to people who were molested by priests. humm. I am not a Muslim but some jews here are ridiculing Muslim prophet. but who are the Pedophiles ??. How many children have been molested by Jewish rabbis ?. We will never know. Amerikan media is controlled by Jews ~~~

Time to leave the UN.

And it has taken them till now to figure this one out?

It's beginning to look and sound like the biggest "Terrorist" out there is our Muslim President. Obozo calls for the drone strikes that are carried out by "Fully Trained and Highly Authorized"personnel. In the covert effort to kill the bad guys, innocent people die.  Obozo's plan is to have drones fill the skies, both in the U.S. and abroad.  Spy now, kill later. Obozo, John Brennan, and the rest of his staff need to be impeached, dismissed, fired. The slate needs to be wiped clean. Our President is destroying this country  We also need to stop giving money to foreign countries that hate us, and don't want us around.  Let's at least bring some of our military back to strengthen our borders.

Keep the drones away from my house so I don't have to open fire on it.

How dare they say anything that casts doubts on the Chosen One the Dictator in Chief ofthe USA.

Good job media. You're pathetic.

Is Obama the first Nobel Peace prize recipient to be directly responsible for killing over 400 civilians?

Only good thing obama is doing.I forget...how many civilians were killed on 9-11?  Refresh my memory please.

Ok U.N. your on your own! No good back stabbers.

i think we need to triple the drones and attacks with them!!

if they got a problem with drone strikes, we can always switch B-52s and let them carpet bomb the freaking country

Obama does it = OKBush does it = Evil

Welllll, Obama will stop domestic terroism here in the US of A with these drones....Christians, NRA members, Republicans, Independents, and generally any of the "terrorists" that disagree with his 'lordship".

I, a conservative, am pretty much behind our President on this one. Part of me thinks we ought to take the Roman approach - when it ruled the world - and tell all these bi*chy little punks to go to h*ll, and then send them there, because I am quite certain we could. But, that would make us uncivilized bullies, wouldn't it. And that would be bad, right? Muslim terrorists and weak pseudo-communists do not deserve to be pounded into the dirt, right? Right? Because, we need more angry, murderous people in this world, right? I dunno. Pretty much.

.. obama's entire regime should be thrown in prison ..

Taliban radicals are raping and killing locals besides killing UN forces. This is a war not a tea party. What is done to protect our troops is 100% ok with me. The other side of the coin is let Pakistan and Afghanistan protect themselves, kill each other and bring our guys home.But if we are going to keep our guys their then we need to be proactive and protect them.En uff said *(:&gt;*

Screw the UN and Pakistan.I say pull our military out of Afghanistan and the rest of the region, stop all foreign aid and CIA operations in those countries. If we don't do that, then you have the right to put our president on trial at the Hague for violations against humanity. Now if a country harbors or allows terrorists to train on their soil and those terrorists attack our country--we have the right to respond with military actions against that country. I am talking about a 1000 to 1 death ratio so the next country might try to control terrorist actions.

Isn't Pakistan infringing on Afghans svoereignty by harboring terrorist that that attack Afghan troops?

I don't get it. The Dems were all over Bush for water-boarding and not a peep about killing innocent women and children. Oh I get it. As long as it's the Dems that kill, like babies here with abortion, it's OK. Silly me......

If there is one thing America is good at it's breaking things

You know it is bad news when the most anti-U.S. organization ( U.N.) disapproves of the most anti U.S. president (Obama)

Seems that maybe Barry's Nobel Peace Prize was a bit premature eh?

This whole thing is B-S!  The PENTAGON controls the airstrike execution, NOT OBAMA!!!!!  They are effing up and killing civilians ON PURPOSE, to give Obama a black eye.  They tried for the knock out punch in Benghazi but failed.  Now this.....

Using drones is an act of cowardice.

Is this the same Pakistan that harbored Bin Laden for 10 years. That Pakistan?

They take our money we own that.If you don't like something,do something about it or shut up !

Where is Cindy Sheehan and why isn't she calling Obama a "baby killer."

Sounds great , let the USA bring home ALL of the troops , foriegn nations do the same , then let this sovereign nation fight its own war!

Another useless UN report. If Pakistan wanted to stop RPAs from flying in their airspace they could easily do so. AIM-9 missle on an F-16 which they have would do the job. However they don't want to stop the US from removing the #$%$ of their country and like to #$%$ about it. Just remember where Bin Laden was located!!!

I think it's about time obama, the serial-lying dictator-wannbe, start following some rules, protocols, laws, the Constitution, etc.....regardless of the matter at hand.

who the Hxxx in the UN is worth listening to??? drons vs. more troops??? those who are innocent and nothing to hide say lets get them all over----like the mexican border. But the UN????? why do we pay for it????

I'm sure the government will work out the kinks before they use the droned on American soil.

Who cares what the U.N. thinks,and why do we fund them?

So? Civilians are terrorists there, just like they are here.

We arent the only "Super Power" with a drone program, we are just the only ones that brag about it..I remember two presidents who said we had to be in Vietnam, or all of Asia would fall to communism. Guess what??   Bring our people home!!

Now that sounds like breaking news for awarding him another Nobel Peace Prize!

What is totally HILARIOUS is the fact that most older OWEbumble supports -are the same ones that called our boys comming home from Viet Nam BABY KILLERS!!-- Now the UN accuses their turd leader of the EXACT same actions!! ROTFLMFAO!!!!!!

So, I take it that the terrorists and their friends want the U.S. to obey rules, .... but they themselves have no rules? So, the U.S. cannot be terrorists in their game!

Terrorists violate my sovereignty and Pakistan harbors them.

I say drone the white house with our real enemy barak hussien obama.

Well. Well, Well  This kind of disproves the illusion OWEbumble created about the drones 'Pin Point' Accuracy--That kind of puts that description right there with his 'Laser-Like Focus' on jobs!!!

Yeah, yeah, whatever.  I'm just glad they're bombing Al-Qaida.  Let the drones fly, Mr. Prez!

Hey, Ben Emmerson, "U.N.-Special-Rapporteur-on-Human-Rights"!  Better watch the skies, buddy!  Hehehehe!

Out transparent government shut down Wikileaks.....Oh, and I wonder why.YANKEES GO HOME .

They want help so what does it matter if it's a Drone or a F-16? People are upset because we have the best weapons systems and they don't, and just because we keep secrets about our weapons (which we should) they are scared sh**tless.

Space, support,, and assistance,,,,, just another demand for more money, from US....!!!!!!

has anybody seen one around thier town ? i have ...late eve

The American point of view sure has changed... I am sad to see what our government has created in the world. We have created a turbulent world of the gain of few. I could care less who the president is or whose balls are on whose chin. Killing civilians in another country is a gesture of war. As a vet I am not sure of there are anymore lies i can be fed to feel like our government is justified in anything it does anymore.

I want the DRONES to kill Bad Muslims...I just don't want the DRONES to be USED against American Citizens, in America....BECAUSE they don't AGREE with OBAMA.....and that's his plan.

"3 Billion rounds of Ammo - CHECK....3000 Arrmored Tanks - CHECK....30,000 total personnel working for DHS - CHECK.....Hmmmmmm....I need some DRONES !!!...just in case the American people, Get FRISKY."~ Janet Napolitano

News flash washington, the cold is over!  Can we please get our noses out of the worlds business and bring our attention back home.  These type of issues are the reason why much of the world hates us, not that i could give a rats a ss but still.

More of that hope and change from the blood thirsty left.

"It is time for the international community to heed the concerns of Pakistan, and give the next democratically elected government of Pakistan the space, support and assistance it needs to deliver a lasting peace on its own territory without forcible military interference by other states," said Emmerson.That does also include free hand in sending Haqqanis to blow up Afghans in Kabul?1. We dont give a #$%$ about the UN2. We care even less about Pakis3. #$%$ before we stick a drone in your #$%$ #$%$ POS

Charge Obama like he charges Soldies Marines Navy and Airforce!!!!!

Can this UN Guy or Pakistan come up with a better alternative to protect the people of Afghanistan from Pakistan's 'national assets' than drones?

Gee, the country that sheltered Osama Bin Laudin is mad at us... golly. Maybe they should just be glad we didnt bomb them into a nice, smooth, glassy radioactive desert? Because remote control airplanes are WAY worse than sheltering terrorists, right?

That's what happens when your leader has the power of a king. We *had* checks and balances for a reason!I know from MMORPGs what Brazilians and other countries around the world think of us and I've heard many ignorant, stupid, usually paranoid lies about what America does or supposedly does, and now they can actually tell the truth when trying to make us sound like monsters. Thanks, Obama.

With a significant majority of those killed being militants then how many people in total were killed in the attacks reviewed in this case study?  Was it 5,000 militants to 400 civilians, or was it 1,000 militants to 400 civilians?  Not that it is okay to kill civilians, but when you are fighting a war it is impossible to not have civilian casualties, especially when the enemy hides among civilians in an effort to avoid being attacked.

As long as Pakistan provides aid and comfort to terrorists in Western Pakistan who violate the sovereignty of other nations they cannot expect others to respect their sovereignty.

So why are comments disabled for the article titled: "Employers Blast Fees From New Health Law"?

Them harboring Osama bin Laden ends this discussion.....

Secret Research Trip?  And absolutely no one lied to him, and all information that was gathered was verified!  Yeah, right!  I believe you!I would blame ISI for providing wrong intelligence if there is any colatoral damage.

How is the drone going to separate the two when the 'civilian' chooses to keep the terrorist in his or her home?

Do they have VIAGRA for impotent nations?

"UN says"-at that point this article lost relevance and I stopped reading.

that's why our government want to ban the " military style weapons"They are afraid people with these weapons will start duck hunting drones...

I suppose this means that the g.o.p. Is now pro-u.n.???

Improve our budget stop aid to Pakistan!

It's a dam war ! I war only the inassent suffer, there are no winners !!!!

Sorry UN but their ARE no civilian deaths IN A WAR ZONE. Only collateral damage. IF their was a war on our soil...You would either have combatants or prisoners...I don't think anyone here would CLAIM they were "civilians" if we were invaded.

Well now. . .they certainly do look threatening -- paint a Snoopy face on 'em.I guess we should stop forcing paper with our presidents pictures on them too.... seems like they would want their own money to use... you know, because they are sovereign.

Pakistan has no rights until it is able to control its terrorists. If the U.N. doesn't like it, we should ask the U.N. to move to Pakistan.

Stop ALL aid. Monetary, and military. They'll kill each other off eventually!  :{)

Who cares what the U.N says? Its mainly a bunch of whiny little U.S. wannabees. Its so good to be an american I thank god every day.

Drones? What Drones?  Obie Kenya-Obie has no intention of using drones.

Do you seriously think the obamahama administration is worried about Pakistan's sovereignty !He doesn't even uphold or care about the constitution of the country he is president of .If he actually thought he could get away with it he would send a missile up your @#$ while you were at Mc Donald's !

let's see, in a country that condones sectarian violence, encouages opium production (graft) relies on the US military to stay in control and understands that pinpoint elimination of opponents simply gives them fewer worries: simply means they have UPPED the payoff figure

With all the drones flying over US Cities, this will happen here.  They are armed and dangerous and waiting on orders from Obama to kill US Citizens.

UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty, NO S***!

obama is a criminal,, he needs tried and punished by the u.n. court,,and the punishment should fit the crime,,400 people died by his word,that were innocent,,he should have the same,this is very wrong and all drone use should be outlawed,,but guess what folks,,they are going to us them on us in america,unless we stand up and get this stopped,Yea...so? What'cha gonna do about it Pakistan?? You going to refuse the tens of billions we provide you for access to the country and share our intelligence networks? Or...are you gonna shut your trap and let us do the job you guys refuse to even acknowledge? Your choice. Let us know.

Sadly this is the kind of President people voted for. One that continues a war he promised to end. The fighting has toned down, but killing civilians with these drones and to top it off now Obumass has permission to use it on US CITIZENS!!! I say impeach him! To him being President isn't about helping the country, its to take advantage of the position to get his socialist ways and the perks that go along with it.

If you hide criminals in your house then pay the price quit crying human right we pay enough money for that #$%$ already.

Coming soon to our skies !  Stand up for our constitution &amp; throw out this TREASONOUS administration!

I'm Ready to sign up and Kill someone Sir.

The exact extent of disrespect and violation of laws, is the same treatment the US out of control machine will subject/inflict upon US citizens when the time comes.Never forget, the people's control of anything national is a myth, it doesn't currently exist.When "it" goes to far and rebellion rise's the US military will mercilously crush any citizen resistence to the Facist's that run the country and the world.

Why do you care? Obama is only killing his muslim brothers that you say he loves so much!

Well, tell the un to learn to live with disappointment.

Has long as we have soldiers in adghanistan to protect, from the terrorists who slink back across the border to cower in caves and holes we should keep up the attacks to eliminate their hierarchy! But once our soldiers are out let the pakistani's try to solve their own problems! (they're close enough to a civil war now, lets see how the military solves that !)

ahh, remember years ago when they said drone only use for none lethal? now drone just get butters better.Since when is there ever a war without civilian casualties? I know we aren't at war with Pakistan, but we are with Al Qeida and we never know if civilians are really just civilians

Maybe if Pakistan was able to demonstrate that they are capable of removing terrorists themselves, then maybe the drones would stop.  I'm sure there is a lot more secret intelligence to these strikes than anyone knows.

I don't care what the UN or Pakistan have to say when the safety of America is at stake!

And no more money or troops for the U.N.

How can they say anything they were (hosting) the world's most wanted terrorist.

So my bank cannot guarantee that it won't be hacked... and the US Gov't gets hacked.... the 1st Lady's personal email got hacked.... and they think drones won't be and used against us 1 day!!!!   How absolutely foolish are you with the security of our lives these days!   And they won't hurt the gov't, they would hurt US civilians,... you know us!!  So thanks alot gov't imbeciles for being so arrogant and absolutely juvenile in your long-term thinking.  Major Fail!

As long as Pakistan continues to take our money by the millions of dollars, WE own their sovereignty.

Tell the UN to take hike.  They can't back up any of their actions military or otherwise without us.

How dare anyone from the UN speak badly of our Saint Obama! !!!

Really? You needed a "secret team" to determine this? We obviously have a secret agreement with Pakistan. They like what we are doing to that savage western region but they can't openly look like they are letting us, otherwise the savages in that country would revolt. Man this is a no brainer.This isn't news. Nothing new here. Nothing to see, move along.What a farce! Where are the secret mission to find out why the Taliban is shooting girls who want an education and the beatings of women, beheadings etc. etc. etc. If they are at war with us the right of pursuit is okay with me.

@SIPP.....you should add our own governement to the list of countries that you don't believe a word they said......I think we should smoke these Rag-Heads anywhere and everywhere we find them, but to sit back and believe anything and everything our government tell s us is stupid.......

If this happened under GW then all the Democrats would be screaming for impeachment. I am shocked that Yahoo reported something negative about this administartion.

Like.....who listens to ANYONE from the U.N.? These morons always say whatever they are told to by China,Russia,CNN, etc.Its a friggin' war zone...people die....if you are standing next to a person who enjoys killing US troops and has been noticed....then....yeah..you might wanna step away from that person ....quickley.......before you become "collateral damaged" I.E....Stupid butt blown away......of course,if you are near to a person who is targeted....chances of you being an "innocent victim" seem to be low. If ya play with fire,ya just might get burned (smoked,toasted,crisped,vaporized,etc.). Either way,I think it probably improves the gene pool.     (Nits breed lice)

Countries need to realize that if they harbor terrorists or people to commit human atrocities their nations's sovereignity is forfeited.  It may not be legal or recognized by the country after a long out drawn battle but they are asking for this when they join forces with these types of groups.  And no UN representive with no power is going to make a difference.

Drones are Cowards.

Obama drone strokes are illegal and wrong!

Well ...uhhhh....Wait! Where are all the circa 2001-2008 "Anti-War" crowd?Remember the ones "Protesting" and crying in the streets?Whaling and whining about "Dead civilians" by the "Baby Killers" in the White House?

So much for that Nobel Peace Prize.

is gw bush did this or a republican people would have sympathy for the pakistans.Want to see Pakistan shiver with fear? Give nukes to India.

Hmmm

If you define an evil government, it might include asasination of their own and foreign citizens, in secret, based on secret intelligence

Would all you people prefer we sent more troops in? The problem is the war general. End the war, troops come home, drone strikes end, economy begins to rebound.

SO what is the big deal? Send them a check.

when #$%$-stan kills the terrorist they are giving sanctuary to then we will stop the attacks until then #$%$-stan is fair game!!

The Pakastani government told him so? Then it must be true!

Pakistanis are two face liars. They want us doing it, because it keeps the terrorist at bay. All while the ISS funds those same terrorist. Without our help, they would be a 3rd world state with nukes controlled be terrorist. And of that, we are ever so close.

People don't realize that when they say Obama can kill Americans on American soil with drones that they are referring to his followers not an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle. Drone on liberal sheep.

Are these the same pakies who said they didn't Bin Laden was sleeping right next to their big military complex for 8 years? Oh, Ok, I believe them now. (the pakis are so used to telling lies they don't know the truth anymore themselves). Keep droning the terrorists who really aren't in pakistan, as they have stated any number of times.Here two wrongs do make a right.  Obama, the great violator of our constitution, commits murder on the very people who ironically deserve it the most, the Pakis.  The UN, of all the useless agencies in the world, finds fault correctly and will for sure do what they do best, NOTHING.  Obama, who does what he does best, break any and all laws, will continue.  Meanwhile, Feinstein is worried about assault weapons ?  Hell, her buddy Obama was giving them away to the bad guys in Mexico like they were candy.................where was she ?

These people being killed are innocent Pakistani civilians----- until they cross the border and start killing in Afghanistan.  As soon as they cross the border back into Pakistan they magically become innocent civilians again.

no more forign aid!!!!!!!!

Give back your nobel prize you hypocrite give back your prize

why did obama win a nobel peace prize?

So now that the UN has come out against something Obama is doing--the UN is bad and needs to go--funny others have been saying this for years.

War has never and will never be pretty.. I don't know what to make of this.. Civilians die in wars regularly, its unfortunate and tragic but it happens frequently, essentially its unavoidable. war can never be humane.

400 civilians, oh no! Didn't we have about 3,000 civilians killed in 9/11?

Hey who cares if the drones kill innocent people, if the intelligence is false, we do it for the good of the people, to make them safer.  Only our government knows what is right for the world.   We are always right, never make mistakes of any kind.    Now they can target Americans, and get their evidence after the fact (even if they have to create it).    Makes me feel safer, and the world loves us for helping them.Oh that is the possition of the government - not the people of America

"Pakistani government told him it has confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones"Boy if Bush had done that the media would go ape #$%$. As it is, it must be Bush's fault. No way AlliBama would have done that noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooWar is an ugly business. Maybe the US would have more respect for Pakistan's sovereignty if it had not secretly housed and hosted the most wanted terrorsit in history for 10 years.

I'm much more concerned about his use of drones in the U.S.  But let's stop using ALL drones, perhaps, and stop the foreign aid to those who are our self-proclaimed enemies, like the Muslim Brotherhood.  Our president is stupid! Or is he really one of US???

Who is surprised? I am not. Obama came into office talking change this and that, he's way worse than Bush ever was. The Obama admin should be dethroned immediately and be held for crimes against humanity. I am a libertarian.

gee thanks wikileaks for putting pakistani officials in this #$%$ spot -UN report probably relies on junk Pakistani files-official probably didn't even go out to actual sites and do any real validation of the counts

its called war...the screaming meemee's started it...never heard them say they give up, only they plan on killing everyone that they dont like. So if you harbor them you are in the war zone and subject to collaterall damage brought upon you by the sand monkeys.

Well, if a drome will strike some targets in US we would consider it an act of war or terrorism but it is ok for us to strike in other countries.Hypocricy.

There is no such thing as an innocent tribesman in Pakistan.

pull em out and CUT OF THE BILLIONS WE GIVE THEM IN AID

There's one indisputable fact about war. People die. Not only combatants, but civilians as well. If Pakistan wants us to stop sending drones in to raid the Taliban, they need to make a serious effort on their part to rid Pakistan of the Taliban militants they say aren't there.

If the UN says that we must pull them out, then we must pull them out. Strengthening and legitimizing the United Nations must come from it's most militarily powerful member. If we demand others to obey UN sanctions and resolutions and deny them ourselves, it only hurts us in the end.If our "friends" in Pakistan continue to harbor and support terrorists who actively attack America, they continue to be a war zone. Period.

Pakistan is a free country, and should be able to reject the drone program from operating within its border. If America doesn't recognize international law it should be held accountable. We need to remember it's a nuclear power also when we start talking about bombing it. Osama is dead and he's the one responsible for WTC destruction, not the Taliban. The Taliban ruled Afghanistan before we attacked there and will probably rule again after we leave there - it's their country, let's get out of the region and let the diplomats sort things out.

maybe the"special rappoteur" should investigate Pakistan's allowing foreign terrorists to violate Afghanistan's ground space.

What would happen if another country had drones flying over the United States shooting the place up. We wonder why they hate us.

Pakistan is home to al-Qaida and Taliban militants, (the people that attacked the US on 9/11/01 killing thousands of Americans.)W Bush, Cheney, and Rumsfeld invaded Iraq for no good reason and tortured captives.  They are war criminals and belong in prison.

And folks wonder why these folks are pi$*$ed?

let's get this straight.  did they not harbor bin laden?  and if they did that what else are they up to?  just eliminate threats...

Is this impeachable offense?  I sure hope so.

It's all good.  King Barak paid for the civilian casualties with F-16's.

We reap what we sow.  We refuse to pump our own oil in quantities that will allow us to be self sufficient and can export to countires that do not wish to deal with the middle east.  But we don't, we don't know why but we can guess it has to do with big oil profits and the money they give our politicians.  So when we get drawn into a conflict that escalates and find outselves against the whole world (Russia and China will lead the opposition) then we will realize it was own own fault.This is what happens when you try to turn real life missions into a video game.These Nintendo Killers and this President are far from being warriors.

Obama doesn't care, he is a puppet for London banksters, part of a plan to implement a one world government.

What the UN says is of no consequence regardless of what they say is right or wrong.

What?  Attacking another country without a declaring war is wrong?  Maybe Obama should apologize to the Japanese.

They harbor terrorists, don't care about their sovereignty.  They accept our aid and stab us in the back, don't care about their sovereignty.  They lie to us about being an ally to get more of our tax dollars, don't care about their sovereignty.   Frankly, if the whole country went up in smoke I still would not care.

the reason the pakistanies don't want the drone strikes is because they don't want thier talaban brothers killed.just like before as soon as were out of the country they will let all the prisoners go free.

"The position of the government of Pakistan is quite clear," said Emmerson. "It does not consent to the use of drones by the United States on its territory and it considers this to be a violation of Pakistan's sovereignty and territorial integrity."So kick us out and quit taking our money, Pakis...

The UN should tell the American enemy to surrender, then we will stop.

John Wayne once said it simply and to the point: "If you don't like the treatment...don't do the crimes (training terrorists...hiding Bin Ladin Obama. Hussein..etc...)

Question: Does anyone care what Pakistan says? When they begin acting like a civilized nation that is not two faced, and treat its citizens, particularly women and non muslims better, then perhaps we will listen to their grievances. Until then, send a whole battalion of flying drones as long as you want to show them whose boss - democracy and the USA.I can not believe all these idiots here saying yeah, go USA &amp; kill innocent people. I don't think these idiots are from US. If that was the case this country could have been dead long ago. All these people are "Paid Jewish" mercenaries .

Well UN if Obama is wrong about murdering innocent Pakistanis How about the Illegal raid to capture Osama? How about those Drone strikes in other nations around the world?When do you think that you cowardly, Muslim backers might actually try to drag him before the World Court for his many Crimes Against Humanity?

No more wars for "Jews &amp; Israel" !!. We are not sending our kids to Iran, Syria or anywhere anymore. Tome for Jews are running out in this country. Search fr "USS Liberty"

The USA could save trillions of $$$$ if we would just let these countries kill there own people we would be better off than sticking our noses into places where they dont want us in. and quit giving them billions in aid

maybe we should stop paying them to be our friends. when the money stops coming in the friendship ends

when all these countries pat there back dues then let them vote.

Stop support to this worthless org. These criminals that get killed by drones are either Terroists or collaborators for being in the area with the target......

when do all muzlimes plan to crawl back to afganistan and stop violating world sovereignity?

awww, some civilians died?  Maybe we should just pull out of there and let them fix their cruddy dirtland on their own.

I must be missing something, where is the problem ?I would have to say it does violate. I mean, would a Pakistani drone over Chicago, violate ours? The DEFENSE Dept dosent care about killing innocent women and kids. I mean, we have killed 75,000 of them via wars of choice since 2002. This Christian nation could care less..

Uh-huh.....According to Pakistan Bin Laden wasn't hiding out in their country.Screw Pakistan, screw the UN, and screw the collective horse they rode in on.  Drones are a LOT less cheaper than sending MORE of our troops over there (again) and none of our people get killed.  I say send over MORE drones.  Bomb Pakistan to rubble.  Bomb the rubble into dust.  Nuke the dust until it glows.  Then nuke the glowing dust until it fuses into hot, glowing, radioactive glass.  Then pee on it.

Our relationship with Pakistan is like the police keeping a relationship with a snitch convict, hoping to get an insider to reveal information on other felons for the future.

So they are making a big deal of 400 civilian deaths - how many civilians have died from the other side's bombs??

Were in serious trouble when  Obama starts using drones to kill us on our own soil. There is little defense from these things. They can fly several miles high and put a bomb down your chimney with precision. There will be no shooting these things out of the sky with our hunting rifles.

Our only goal was to kill Bin Laden (found in Pakistan) and cripple Al-Qaeda. We have done all that. Now we are nation building. The only country we have any commitment to is Iraq since we started an illegal war and killed 100,000 civilians there for no reason. Pakistan has proved to be our enemy. Stop all foreign aid to these other places and let them know the next time any of their people bomb or kill American citizens....we will wipe them off the map for good!

I would rather have our so called leader to figure out how those rebels get their guns and stop trying to get ours.

You know what I had a thought... after careful consideration I believe Obama should have the right to use drones on anyone he wants including americans on american soil. Especially against what ever group he finds dangerous that day! Because when the republicans get back in power they will be able to do it too! And considering they think gays are a threat (homophobes) with the stroke of a pen gays can be added to the list on the law Obama put into effect! I love it - it's absolute genius! Afghanistan? Come on, who are we kidding, they'd be killing each other if we didn't give them a unified target to hate. Put the pressure on the right people and they will be tell us how much the love the U.S.  But don't be a wuss about it.

UN says,"US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty."Any country that attacks another country without provocation violates International Laws. We have been doing it and have killed thousands of innocent Pakistani civilians and children.If American people ever find out the true nature of these criminal acts of CIA (drone attacks), there will be widespread rallies all over USA against our CIA's criminal activities and killings of thousands of innocent tribal people in Pakistan.

Republicans, you are not exercising your 1st Amendment rights, when you attack this country with you belligerent statements. That is call Treason or Domestic Terrorism. Americans are not going to take this any longer.time to be "Isolationists" for awhile. cut the spigots off and take care of our own for awhile i think more than a few need quite a bit of it!...and frankly tired of hearing and seeing the flak....let's see what happens and them hear and see what happens...and them experience It Too. It's about time. Everybody always talks about the "Sky will fall" if we did that....lets do it and see....couple years of NO $$$ leaving the Country and Every Penny of it being Spent ONLY IN and ON Americans might be NICE !!!!

You cant tell the rest of the world how to act and live when you dont even live by your own words. Lets have gun control here and kill thousands of children somewhere else. I see a revolution in the future or WW III unless we get rid of these these fools running us into the ground and take back our country! Term limits now !!!!

Why dont we stop paying for the UN. that would free up a ton of money.

The UN is an ineffectual and moronic organization which needs to pack up all of their bleeding heart socialists and jihadist Muslims and leave the United States.  We could nearly balance the national debt with the unpaid parking fines they've acquired/

DRONEZ...coming SOON to a TOWN near YOU!

Given a chance them extreme Islamic from Pakistan would not hesitate to blow up U.N fill with punch of United Nut head...!!!

We should not be the police force of the world. Its not what we elected our leaders to do and they need to stop.

Next, Obummer will be killing USA citizens.

Ok, we are out of UN. We can do anything we want. When rest of the world impose sanctions on USA , don't come crying ok. Our economy is going down &amp; if not for China we would have been dead. Thank China for not dumping the treasury bills. !!!

Is Obama Sunni or Shi ite?remember china is getting into the drone wars also.. maybe Pakistan and Afghanistan need a few more truck bombs killing children and women and police and everyone else these people have been killing each other for thousands of years why stop now

It is hard not to kill civilians when the terrorists hide among them.  It is too bad the Pakistani government does nothing to prevent terrorism.  It is a good bet they knew Bin Laden was in their country but all they did was hide him.  The Pakistani people have to pay with their lives for their governments failures.  It is a bad situation.  I do not condone killing civilians but how do you tell an innocent civilian from a terrorist?As far as Pakistan's sovereignty goes I would be extremely happy if America left the entire Middle East to their own devices and quit sending American tax dollars in foreign aid.  I bet Pakistan would really complain if we stopped the money flow into their country.

Waterboarding killed no one. Owebama kills civllians and he gets a pass from goofy lieberals. Owebama captures a terrorist and now gives the same terrorist the same rights as me and you. Can we have a new president now??? This one seems to muck everything up.

If the 400 civilians were Americans would we call the killer a terrorist?

Puch the UN

America needs to leave other countrys alone,this is wht the world hates us because we think we can kill whoever we want for the profit of the elites who control our government,

Get the U.S.....OUT of the UN !

9-1-1     Drone on !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Soon there will be DRONES flying over your neighborhood, If you flunk the TSA exam the government will make you a Drone pilot!

Pakistan is why that war is lasting so long.  Their the enemy. Why we just dont give them a real knuckle sandwich is beyond me. We would of been home long ago.Shrew you UN!Pakistan's greatest asset is war.Next in the News, Peanut Butter drops to 2 jars for 4 dollars at Food King !

No kidding! I thought flying killing birds over skies of other countries and shooting as you wish was reinforcing their sovereignty.

These articles really fire up the tin foil hat crowd., gives them something to comment about on yahoo.

Drones are scary stuff. Please keep them out of u.s. Skies

But see, it's the civilians you can get away with killing because those people have no political power whatsoever.  Would it not be funny to see that change.  It shows you how much political power gays have gained, because it's always about gay marriage rights, but never about drone deaths.  Or about incarcerated rapes, which is something to be joked about in America thanks to U.S. empire-speak.  A way more serious problem than whether gays should have marriage rights or not, by the way.

Yes with that attitude we wonder why Demons are attacking our children at there schools ??  and movie theaters!!  ??   You know what there women and children look like blown up???   America you have no  Idea what is coming upon you land!!  If i were you i would repent turn back to God!!!

#$%$ on the UN!!!

As much as I hate the U.N. and think we should leave that organization.... They are correct about a few things.

If THIS, and the murder of four Americans in Benghazi, isn't "cause" enough for  "IMPEACHMENT" of THIS  U.S. Tyrant,  I don't know what is!

so does thst mean Obama will be charged with war crimes??Just think! Drones, coming soon to neighborhood near you! And they will.......

Well; providing safe havens for terrorists is okay with the pos un

Obama will deny everything he is above the law he can do what ever he wants!

Stop foreign aid

Killing innocent women and children are one of obammys' favorite pastimes.... Well, that and golf..... and destroying America let's not forget that.

Take away any money to Pakistan and give it to India, they will take care of Pakistan

Cut off funds for Pakistan, Afghanistan, and UN.

time to dump the UN - let china fund it

Hmmm, anther face-slap to the US....

It's really a shame that India didn't nukem in the early days of that islamic cesspool before they ended up with "the bomb", and a way to deliver it.Let's just use rubber bullets and take them by storm!  No quarter given.

Good for the U.N.  We need to stop the drones!  We are not at war with Pakistan or Yemen or any of the other countries this is happening in.  We have become what we hate...we are the terrorists.   Hey, Mr. President, don't drone me Bro!

This fighting is not going to stop until Pentagon Wall Street Corporation is disovled

Liar liar pants on fire

We are the biggest terrorists out there and thats how most of the world sees us.

China loans us money, We give it to Pakistan, Egypt, and afghanistan. They are scott free. Damn they have a great gig going don't they

the UN???!! no credibility  here. The UN is the prefix for undone-unappreciative-undeserving etc. they are the biggest waste of money siince Pakistan and A#$%$hanistan.

Maybe if the Pakistan government had told us Osama was living in their country in the biggest house in town, the US would not have been so aggressive in their airstrikes. Still civilian deaths are a tragedy.

the united states is running scared. there isnt one country that trusts us. we want to be the bully of yhe world and it is bankrupting us.

Re Kerry's: "obama is a criminal,, he needs tried and punished by the u.n. court"Thumbs up for IDing Obama as a criminial who needs to be punished (severely). Thumbs down for considering the drones as being one of Barry Soetoro's multifarious crimes.Well all I can say is if  the taliban and others would stop hiding with civilians then there would be no civilian casualties. But then again since when is a pakistani a civilian when they ALL like to kill

Exceptionalism indeed: US outsources torture with impunity..Can youu seeee by the dawn early light what a police state USA has become.Crimes of the current regime in the slave built white house.''Torture is never acceptable, nor do we hand over people to countries that do torture.” President Bush, 27 January 2005.Lying war criminal with a zero IQ.German national Khaled El-Masri was abducted by Macedonian security officers on 31 December, 2003. He had been mistaken for an Al Qaeda suspect with the same name. Masri was imprisoned and abused for 23 days by Macedonian security officials who then handed him over to the CIA at Skopje airport. At Skopje airport he was severely beaten and sodomized by the CIA.Masri was then drugged and flown to a CIA secret prison called the ''Salt Pit'' in Afghanistan where he was tortured for four months. This involved slamming him into walls, being repeatedly kicked and beaten. On May 28, 2004, Masri was flown to a military airbase in Albania and released. On December 13, 2012 the European Court of Human Rights found that Macedonia had violated Masri's human rights and that the CIA's ill-treatment of him had amounted to torture.The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, represented a turning point for the United States. They have been used as the pretext for a seemingly endless series of wars which continue to the present day. Following the 9/11 attacks the government of the United States consciously abandoned the Geneva Convention and other forms of international law and ordered its security services to go after its enemies using any means necessary.The CIA conspired with 54 foreign governments to build a network of secret detention centers and establish a program of extraordinary rendition of terror suspects. It is worth noting that these twin programs began under President Clinton but were massively expanded under President Bush.The idea behind these programs was to place suspected terrorists beyond the reach of US law. The CIA knew that the kidnapping, detention incommunicado and torture of terror suspects was not sanctioned by domestic law so it had to find a way around this. Both the secret detention and extraordinary rendition programs were highly classified.The secret detention program involved the imprisonment of terror suspects in CIA prisons known as ''black sites'' outside of the United States. At these CIA prisons suspects were subjected to ''enhanced interrogation techniques'' that involved torture and other forms of abuse.The CIA gained the authority to engage in the extraordinary rendition of terror suspects. This involved the transfer of suspects without legal process to the custody of a foreign government for the purposes of detention and abusive interrogation. One American official told the Washington Post, ''We don't kick the [expletive] out of them. We send them to other countries so they can kick the [expletive] out of them''.At least 54 foreign governments have participated in the extraordinary rendition program which is still ongoing. This includes 15 members of the European Union which has recently been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.Both programs involved the kidnapping of terror suspects, their disappearance and transfer on secret flights to prisons around the world. Once imprisoned, suspects were held incommunicado and faced interrogation that routinely involved torture and other forms of abuse.

Can you imagine how we'd react if Mexico had a missile strike every month on US territory with hundreds of civilian casualties?

Dickbama; The First Admitted Assassin President

BAN DRONES NOW...THEY'LL SOON BE TURNED ON US!

How come if this was a legtimate investigation, the report was given to the AP and not to the security council mat the UN? Sounds like a put up report to me. Wonder how much Emmerson got paid for this bogus report?

and how many innocent civilians has the taliban and al-qeada killed?

Any Pakistani official who agrees to the strikes killing their own people, should be eligible for the Nintendo Medal, being awarded to the American operators actually directing the deaths the drones inflict.

It doesn't matter what the UN think it's what israhell thinks! Besides, what's a sovereign nation? That's been out of style since the jew world order.

If you knowingly harbor terrorists that cross international borders, stick your sovereignty where the drone don't shine.Gosh, this is the only thing the current White House Imbecile has gotten right - and they are going to attack him for it?  Give the Master deBator a break - and educate these idiots that Pakistan IS NOT AN ALLIE, but is simply whoring to the U.S. in order to obtain U.S. money that they will covertly use to aid their anti-American factions that are dedicated to destroying our nation!  Get real!  We are in a war here just as serious, or maybe even more so, than WWII!  Send Paul to Pakistan, since that is obviously where his sympathies are alligned instead of the country that he should be helping to defend!  He should be tried as a traitor to our country and receive the ultimate punishment that traitors deserve!

We have to remember that we are setting precedent with our use of drones. They are not advanced technology and other countries have them. If we think it's ok to accidentally kill civilians with them, China will see it as OK if they for example, strike a Chinese dissident living in Thailand where American ex-pats are living..."Oh well, we killed 20 Americans, but we got our target, and it's OK because the Americans have been doing it for years."

Democrats will not like this at all. I remember the howls of genocide against Bush back when, and this is a core belief, so it wouldn't matter if the president doing it is a fellow democrat, i'd think.

Well let us see here , We have a President who dosen't believe in water boarding killing hundreds of civilians in a country that we fund millions and millions dollars to  . He has a Nobel  Peace Prize  and  he has the power to use these Drones on American people on US soil. 2 Questions WHY ARE WE FUNDING PAKISTAN ? AND HOW IS IT THAT AN AMERICAN PRESIDNT CAN HAVE THIS KIND OF POWER?????

three thousand civilians were killed on 9/11 eye for an eye!

They're not civilians ,they are support personel. they feed and house the militants. Screw them , the #$%$ Gov. and the U.fn N.

Save for him being a N, I don't know why reruns don't love him. Drone use, more oil than ever, Lax gun laws, Wall Street at all time highs, corp. profits thru the roof. Rich are getting richer, willing to cut big 3 and he is buddies with wall street. against legalizing Weed. C'mon man!

Just bring all of our troops home and stay out of other countries. That would include drones. Put our troops on our border to protect America, we like Americans here.

Wait until they start targeting your neighborhoods.   Which, as sure as the sun rises; is coming very soon.

Yahoo, please come up with a better word than "slams." You love that word too much and it's very irritating. Look up synonyms for "criticize."Why would a nobel peace prize winner murder civilians?

The UN thinks we are violating the sovereignty of a nation that harbors the enemies that are attacking us? Our response should be; Yeah, that's right and too frigging bad.

Wait till we start to see this on U.S. soil and civilians targetted.  I wonder of those recent medals to drone operators were a silencing tactic.

Drones in Pakistan now, coming to a city near you soon. Supported by the US government.

Just like UBL wasn't right next to #$%$ West Point right?

We give them billions we get to kill a few 'civilians', a term I use loosely because these people are in direct proximity to fully armed terrorists... Yea I don't have any problems with this.

Ya think? The UN finally realizes this after the US has MURDERED hundreds of Pakistanis

Drones in general violates territorial integrity.  Its like me putting a camera in a tree in your yard.  Just saying how would it feel?

Better them then us.

If this report would have come out under a Republican's watch, there would have been countless cries for impeachment from Congress, the public, AND the media.C'mon liberals! Where's the outrage over the deaths of innocent civilians?!too bad    the enemy hides there so they are fair game!    get rid of the un   kick them out of ny and stop supporting those anti american trolls

Where the #$%$ is the un when china the no 1 mother #$%$ country occupied tibet

Nonsense.  Pakistan's government secretly allows the drone strikes.  They haven't ordered the closure of all drone bases in Pakistan, nor have they tried to shoot one down, even though they have F-16's that are well able to take out a drone.   This is all political theatre designed to keep the Pakistani public in the dark and provide political cover for a Pakistani government that is colluding with the US against the wishes of the Pakistani people.

Kevin, Does Jewish AIPAC lobby pay you for # of postings or by the Hr ??I think by the postings cause they know how to suck blood !!!

Tell me Pakistan, what was the price for harboring an international fugitive?

"the U.N. special rapporteur." You cannot use "rapporteur" when using "the". "Rapporteur" implies plurality; a team. One person cannot be the plural of anything.

If they kick the terrorest out of there country the problem is solved.

Who cares about their sovereignty? Lets bring our toops home and stop all aid to their a@!@#!!! I bet they will be begging for our help again. We need to take care of the US for a change and stop worrying about the rest of the world.

China, India, Japan, Brazil now &amp; soon lot of Mideast, South American countries going to use their own currencies for export /import trade. When that happens no matter how much we print no one will buy US $. Canadian &amp; Australian $ is already over US$. How about that ha&gt;  but we are ok, We are # 1  NAACP games.  So rather than talking rubbish here people get some real education.

Why are we funding the UN again? These tards can't even protect them selfs much less give a report on something of this nature.well, since the US contributes 70% of the money that finances the UN, I say we have the power to overide any of your decisions!

Uni of Nebraska printed "How to Jihad" book using our tax money in 1980s ( GAO report ), &amp; funded Jihadi schools in Pakistan to fight Russians. Bin Laden &amp; Taliban were great great friends to Amerika then , ha ha ha

Wouldn't there be some huge public outcry if civilians (even in an enemy country) died at the hands of our govt if our president were a republican? I believe so!

The Pakistanis were hiding bin Laden, and bin Laden violated our sovereignty in a big way.

How about pakistan taliban attacks in afganistan. Guess un forgot about that.

Leave the money in my pocket

It's Obama's fault.

Use the drones, Not U.S. soldiers when and a opportunity arises / necessary to destroy terrorist. If the population of a country wants to help hide terrorist then that's their problem. Not ours. Pakistan is not our ally no matter what our government says. We're dealing with the devil on this one, just like Afghanistan.Drones Good. Terrorist BAD. And send them to Hell,Pronto!

Hmmm let me pull out the terrorists rule book here...Ok here page three, rule 38: After committing a terrorist act gather together many of your fellow terrorists and go build a house in the middle of nowhere so that you can be clearly targeted by drones. And oh yeah do not hide amongst the people of a Muslim country with Nukes.NOT!

Whenever in history did the dominant global empire every care about another country's sovereignty? Silly UN.Facts: terriorists hide among civilians, Pakistan seems unable to stop terriosts from crossing into there country. The question to be answered is why do we care? It is time to exit that part of the world and concintrate on protecting our own borders which are a bigger sive than Pakistans.

Screw the UN

My son lives in stockton ca. He was fishing in the delta, when he and his friends saw a drone flying over them. Man they really check on people keeping under size strippers.

Tough #$%$, harboring murdering pigs isn't cool either.

Well isn't that too Bad.....

A country that protects the very people that attacks the United States, then, the United Nations, should be questioning why Pakistan is allowing terrorist to rome free in their country.......

Impeach this dork! Stop funding these countries. Get the UN out of America. All for starters.

Who gives a rip what the UN has to say? Kill away...

Award those UAB pilots back in Creech the new Nintendo medal the SECDEF is pushing on us.

It is simple..If they want the bombings to stop then they come forward and tell us where they are hiding so we can send in troops to kill them and out an end to all the deaths of inocent people...By the way if you are not against the Terrorist then you are part of there cause and should die right along side of them!!!!We should not be relying so much on drones. They are too easy to hack, disable, or take control of. Look what Iran did.

This is one area I support Obama, these are foreign strikes to high value terrorists. The numbers reported by nations un-friendly to us has been repeatadly proven to be way over inflated.

Again, if there was a repub in office this is all that you would hear about.

China needs to hack the American database to find out where our nuclear missile bases are, then have N. Korea and Pakistan nuke them all.............

#$%$ the UN!Common sense, if you vow to kill americans then you're the enemy. What happen to the enemy? You kill them. Thats what happens in these situations.

Charge Obama with crimes against humanity!!! Strip Obama of Nobel Peace Prize!!

I say we honor the sovereignty of this nation.  As well we should just quit giving out money.  Like the $125 million dollars BHO gave to Egypt as the sequester hit.  Or how about the $27 million dollars to Morocco for pottery lessons....

just as with americans.  criminals and law abiding citizens usually carry firearms at all times.

Screw the UN.  They have become a puppet for the arab muslem world.

Let's see .. if we just change this one set of coordinates, the drone will be redirected to a spot in East Manhattan, right there on the river ....wow!! the UN can make a decision !!! congrats!!

Why aren't people in his own party criticizing Obama for this? Hundreds of innocent civilians dead? This is an outrage and a travesty. People in the world and in the United States government need to learn to adopt reciprocity. If you don't know what that means, Google it. How would we feel about a foreign nation killing innocent civilians on our own soil?

If the Pakistani's want us out of there it's real simple, quit hiding enemies of the U.S. on the one hand and taking money from us in the other. We seem to have alot of bombing mistakes in countries where they blatantly do something to harm the U.S., Like when China stole a bunch of high level secrets from us back in the 90's and we accidently bombed their embassy. I beleive if they want to play those games the U.S. should have the right to play them too.

I am glad we have the drone program...it has saved many American soldiers from being killed.  Would you rather a real fighter jet drop these bombs?  Because if you do...they don't always kill who they are suppose to either.  Plus we don't have the money to send troops everywhere anymore...this is a lot cheaper.  Wasn't Pakistan hiding Osama Bin Laden?  I think so...of course they say they didn't know he was there in their country...RIGHT!!!  We can't trust Pakistan...they can't have it both ways...either you are for us or against us...if they are against us then quit taking our money....if they are for us then quit hiding terrorists in your country and we will quit dropping bombs...PRETTY SIMPLE!!!

The secret about waterboarding was that the CIA wet them down then threatened to rub SOAP on them if they didn't talk!

Sucks to be a Terrorist in Pakistan.

Our drone use must stop except for extraordinary circumstances.  This is an incredible violation of sovereignty.  We have absolutely no right unless invited by the Pakistani government to strike at targets within their country.  What's worse is that we have destroyed all support for the United States from the people of Pakistan.  That loss was not worth whatever we had to gain by it.

Pakistan was hiding  U.S.A PUBLIC ENEMY # 1 for how long ? We watched them do so for 8 months so it could not be denied by them and used as leverage against them if they complained . Were they not supposed to be our "FRIEND" and ally? They never were but only to a "few" that knew he was living 100 yards away from their top military elite academy.Who among us did not at least suspect he was there all along? Who among us suspect he was tipped off prior to tora strike and was ALLOWED to escape .2008 campaign- "I will catch or kill Osama Bin Laden no matter where he is and without asking for permission" --Senator Barack ObamaSpecial op teams and drones are far more effective and efficient in doing so . Putting boots on the ground is EXACTLY what Osama Bin Laden wanted if you read his Bio in Wiki . Skip to his Idealogy section and see that he knew that sucking us into a war would put us in the same place that he put the Soviet Union in  when we were arming this very same man to bankrupt them which we did .He was not the dumb goat herder were are led to believe he was . He had lots of help from our supposed "Friends" He was educated and very well connected .Complain all you wish Pakistan .As long as you continue to harbor men like these and support their Jihad we will continue to do what is neccesary to throw a monkey wrench in your works .

Pakastan demands we stop drone flights, we violate their sovereiginty, why, because they knowingly harbor terrorist and resent it when we kill one they know where their at ( it has been proven ref: BinLadan ). We give them  billions of our tax dollars to their government to permit use of their roads for US supply  routes to Afganistan. Several times the supplies have been held as hostages for more money by their government. The US needs to wake up, quit kissing their #$%$  and discontinue funding Afganistan and Pakastan and get the h e l l  out, they  don't want our help, just our money. The US needs this money in support it our people. However Obama won't allow that, he wants to destroy our way of life.

Of course that's what people are going to say when being interviewed.  There will be no positive responses.  One way or another do you think people are going to be truthful when everyone is watching and listening especially the Taliban.  Would you be?  And about the so called innocents?  When you are aiding and abeting the ones we are targeting and letting them live amongst you, are you really innocent?  How many would those we killed have killed?  Clean up your own mess if you don't like the sound of a drone overhead.obama is liar. heck with packistan.

Why should they complain they have killed alot of  Amerrican troop,s by allowing the Muslin.s to go back and forth across ther bordres and hide in there countrey they do not follow the rule,s of war to protect  civilan, s so why should we.Look,s like sooner or later our goverment would learn not to let it happen if they do it they have to pay the price and it could get really high.

Boy, does this remind me of the late 60s, when Nixon conducted secret bombing runs over Cambodia to try to hit the Viet Cong who were dashing across the border and using Cambodia as sanctuary. Striking similarity to me.

Political games!  Fact:  If those kileed were not related to high-ranking Pakistanies politicians and certqainly not US politicians, then therefpore: THEY WERE EXPENDABLES!

How many civilians can be sacrificed to catch a single terrorist before it is deemed too many? 5? 10? 100? These drones have been a revolting display of brutality from the start.

This should come as no surprise to anyone. This is the same person who had his attorney general say it was okay to use these things on U.S. citizens.

How long our fragile financial system still able to hold all those things together? I wonder....

OK, drones violate sovereignity.  What exactly do terrorists violate?

We are broke and we keep sending money to these anti-American boobs? They do not respect our sovereignty -- watch out for the small arms treaty being shoved through in the UN that Obama is supporting.

Where's the complaints about U.S. Drone use in America ?????Drones kill enemy and who ever hangs with them period! You sleep with dogs you get fleas

Ok will stop drone flights and we want all our billions of dollars back in foreign aid for the last decade while you traitors kept hidden or where so incompetent to have the worlds worst criminal "hiding" in your own backyard. Just remit payment to US treasury! Good sequester just ended!

Stop hidding terror boys and live longer.Otherwise tough turtles #$%$ losers

Bin laden will still be alive if we listen  to the UN

Does anyone care what the UN says?

Here is reality of what is going on in the region.  (Please read ALL OF MY POST) Watch a documentary by National Geographic titled "RESREPO". Draw your own conclusion as to what really is going on in the region.Addressing the  400 civilians killed!  No it's 400 people likely killed being a family member of a terrorist group or helping them.  Innocent victims will always be killed when you have the enemy hiding amongst innocent family members.  When you have someone shooting guns at American military from a village, you can be 100% sure that innocent people are going to get killed.  It's a known fact the US military works with the locals educating them and creating a relationship with villages or small housing area on a remote region.The village elders have a choice to expel the enemy from the village and not allow them.  If they harbor the enemy.......  Well that's the target and you will die alongside the enemy if a strike happens because you were warned.  American armed forces are going to return fire if fired on by the enemy.  It's not going to be a one sided fire fight!Citizens  can live in peace with out the enemy or you can live in danger with the enemy and die with them.  The UN putting out statistics with out the mountain of evidence of what's really going on is just prolonging the war on the enemy.  Again.......  Watch Restrepo and draw your own conclusion.   You will have a better understanding 1st hand on what it's like in the region.  Many like myself don't understand even why were over fighting a drawn out war that has no boundary markers.Army Veteran

400 deaths, 400 murders, killing innocent people for the sake of killing a hand full of bad guys hummm sounds to me Obama has blood on his hands

thats not cool at all..You know if we have them someone else will, damn we'll probably sell it to em,and guess where they are going to go with them. half wits.

This is ok but Waterboarding is bad...what a joke !!!

what the hell is a "special rappoteur"?Later today, Carney, Oblamer's spokesman will come out an say the Drone Strikes are somebody else's fault

That is funny considering the UN arms treaty will effectively remove the second amendment.

The regime says that 16 year old kids killed in drone strikes should "choose better parents" hope you still support drone strikes on U.S citizens in America you dumb #$%$ libs!

Search for "Rothschild". Hitler used this guy as an example how Jews suck the blood out of Europe. How Rothschild "shorted UK currency"  by lying to Brits ( like they do in US ), Napoleon has been victorious. When Brits dumped the Pound, Roths bought currency at very low prices. Just like they do in wall street .

Sorry we pushed the wrong button.

Just like in "Nam, it is how the deaths are counted wherein anyone who is killed by the drones must be an enemy combatant, even when it is an infant, a pregnant mother, the elderly, the disable, two little boys herding goats, etc as the US would never deliberately or accidentally target civilians...(so, they must have just gotten in the way on purpose to make us look bad....).There is no longer any reason, other than the vast mineral deposits that have been found in the region and the exploitation of the same, for us to still be in the area and, as both the Pakistani and Afghani governments oppose us being there and have opnely and publicly said so on many an occasion, we need to get out, get out now and end all foreign aid to those governments.

search fr this on internet  "USA prints textbooks to support Jihad in Afghanistan and Pakistan"

One of the big drawbacks to Skynet is that for every one person that it kills and takes out of the 'war' its use insights 20 more to take up the cause of war against Imperial America. Its use is soo unpopular in Pakistan that it could bring down the Government by its own people, thus making an invasion by the US necessary to capture its Nukes.

You are allowing these terrorist to live with you? Then you die. Pretty simple huh. They kill innocent civilains on PURPOSE. So you house them to shield them. Then so be it DIE. Oh by the way. Your 72 virgins for martdom all men.

Truth is Muhammad was a pedophile. Truth is most Muslims think its still alright to be having sex with children. So if Muhammad comes from Allah then Allah is the DEVIL Pretty simple huh you Pedophiles. Not all Muslims feel this way let me say. The ones that do. DIEWhats the problem????? The want to die Martydom o they can get their 72 virgins. Too bad they are all the same sex as them

Drone attacks are human right abuse.

Drone strikes in the hills of Pakistan today, drone strikes coming to a neighborhood near you tomorrow. Drones are no different than suicide bombers, neither are fair play. Drones in pakistan are doing nothing more than cutting the head off the snake before it makes it to Afghanistan. If we lost the afghan war, admit to it, accept defeat, and leave them to live their lives as they see fit.

I can't believe it only took 4years for the UN to see this.  What is Obama going to do now that he has been branded.  Will he give back his Nobel Peace Prize?

so....CIA run taliban is taking pot shots at our boys, who are peacefully growing opium poppies? makes you wonder WHY????? other than to prolong the skirmish....kinda give us a reason to stay there....and keep farming the opium....

I wouldn't trust Pakistan any further than I could throw it.

...and they want to use those against American citizens.  Obama the traitor against us!

About time america is called out on war crimes of killing for profit.

Slam us be killing our enemies. I think not.

Imagine that, civilians killed in a war. Huh..... Let's see how many people care when we bomb the #$%$ out of North Korea... killing terrorists is one thing .. murdering civilians is wrong .. NOT bush .. it IS obama ..

Just in time, obama wants to use them here anyway. Is this a coincidence? I think not.

Maybe it`s my memory ,but was`nt it Pakistan that was harboring Bin Laden.Screw them.

I guess he misses the good old days when we just carpet-bombed with B-52s.

No, these drone attacks won't make anyone mad at the US and make a 9-11 2.0 happen.Remember to thank your government when it happens.

What I would like to know is this:  Where is the evidence that the targets of these drone strikes are enemies of the United States?  We got the guy who did 9/11, have we been attacked since then?  Who decides if an attack is "imminent?"   I don't need to SEE the evidence if it's a matter of national security, but I need to know there IS evidence and where it is.  If the drone program is overseen by a top secret joint subcommittee of the House and Senate, that's fine with me.  If it's reviewed by a "classified" Federal court, I'm okay with that.  But not if it's just the CIA and the Pentagon.  No President should have that kind of power.  More transparency, please.

Now there is absolutely not to introduce those diaper heads to our fleet of B-52 bombers!!  Then we can show them how we carpeted Germany &amp; Japan, Cambodia, &amp; N. Viet-Nam!!!  We have already had 'Quarterback', &amp; 'Linebacker'-- Mabe we should call this 'Operation PIT TOILET'!!!

Drones don't change anything; all they do is take the pilot out of the cockpit.  If the Federal government decided to kill its citizens indiscriminately, it could do so using  snipers or soldiers or piloted aircraft or satellites.  What protects us is Due Process.  Only paranoid conspiracy theorists believe Obama is chomping at the bit to start killing Americans on U.S. soil.

Air force's idea of battle. Fly over drop bomb, declare victory, go home and drink beer.

And will the USA care about what the UN says ? The North Americans believe they're God and have the power to destroy the world.This is one of the few area's that I support the President in. Yes it's a violation - so? They takes our money they pays our price...

The UN shouldn't talk. They are a failure to begin with.

SO WHAT. the constant stream of murderers crossing the afghan border doing raids then going home to hide in pakiland is.t a violation of afghans security/sovereignty?

UN tells US to stop violating Pakistan's  sovereignty,,, wasn't Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan?

So?......    We are essentially at war with AfPak and all their TrashKanistan suburban dungs holes.  These are the septic tanks that infested the world with OBL, Al Qaeda and the Arab-owned Fox! "News".

when Chinese drones start bombing LA to kill Dollar Lama, remember your twisted logic used today against Pakistan and do not complain about the 'collateral' damages taking it like a real man.

Hey Pakistan, dont want drones, dont want civilians dying? Well get control over your country. We didnt want airplanes and dead people either and yet your country is a safe zone for those who attached us first.

Gen. Curtis LeMay "Bomb them back to the stone age" opps they are in the stone age.

No drones = no more $$$ for Pakistan. Afghanistan is ending, so no more funding.

Does this mean that all of those who wanted George W Bush and #$%$ Cheney to be charged with war crimes will now want Barrack Obama and Joe Biden to be charged with war crimes?tell the taliban to stop hiding in the mosque and with the women and children and the collateral damage and loss of innocent lives will be mimimized.

Personally I think they should increase the strikes 10 fold.  Screw em.  No tears here.

I am waiting for Obama to start using his drones on American targets.

Don't like the US to use drones. Fine Pakistan. You're on your own. No aid of any sort.

And Pakistan violates the world's sovereignty by giving safe haven to terrorists.

The UN man should have investigated the allegation of suicide bombings by the Talibans while in Afghanistan. But he left secretly

so , obama is committing "genocide", where is the UN, rights groups, aclu????, oh right , obama gave them all money, never mind, and when obama amd the white house make ALL MILITARY AGE MALES(15-70) COMBATANT'S, THEY CAN BE DRONED(KILLED)

About time someone slammed him!!!!

Democracy white Christian style.During the Bush administration a series of Justice Department memoranda authorized the torture methods used on CIA prisoners. These torture methods were referred to rather innocuously as ''enhanced interrogation.'' These involved “water boarding,” which is simulated drowning; ''walling,'' which is quickly pulling a prisoner forward and thrusting him against a wall; sleep deprivation while being vertically shackled; ''stress positions,'' forcing a person to remain in a body positions designed to induce physical pain.The secret detention and extraordinary rendition program has been comprehensively documented in a recent 200 page report by the Open Society Justice Initiative ''Global Torture: CIA Secret Detention and Extraordinary Rendition''. It reveals how at least 136 people have been secretly detained by the CIA and goes on to detail the abuse that each person has suffered.The report also details the actions of 54 foreign governments that participated with this abuse. However, the full scale of the secret detention and extraordinary rendition programs remains unknown due to the extreme secrecy of the US and its partner governments.It goes without saying that all of this broke international law particularly the Geneva Conventions and the UN Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment to which the United States and 152 other countries are party. Besides this, the domestic laws of many participant countries were repeatedly broken. Amrit Singh, the author of the Open Society report has commented:''By engaging in torture and other abuses associated with secret detention and extraordinary rendition, the US Government violated domestic and international law, thereby diminishing its moral standing and eroding support for its counter terrorism efforts worldwide.... By participating in these operations, these [foreign] governments too violated domestic and international laws and further undermined the norm against torture.''In the executive summary to the report, Amrit Singh calls upon the US and the 54 countries that participated in the CIA secret detention and extraordinary rendition programs to account for their illegal practices:''It is incumbent on the US and its partner governments to repudiate secret detention and extraordinary rendition, secure accountability for human rights violations associated with these operations and ensure that future counter-terrorism operations do not violate human rights standards.''

Obama needs to be charged with illegally invading another country and for war crimes by murdering innocent civilians.Gary, how old are you &amp; what is your education level?. Amerika created Bin Laden to fight Russians. We gave him weapons. Weprinted "How to Jihad" books using tax payers money &amp; had schools funded in Pakistan. You must be a "paid jewish Proxy" just trying to get us into more wars. No way Jose !!!. American people know the truth ( Shhhh !!)

I'm sorry that some civilians got killed. They were in the wrong place at the wrong time. In war sometimes innocent people get killed. How many were killed in WWI and WWII? If the media covered those wars with the way they cover today's conflicts we would not be enjoying the freedoms we have now.

Just wait till Obomtard startes using them on th USA general population!

Also on a side note. Stop all foreign aid until we have our #$%$ together. bring the drones home and put them in dry dock. We can always pull them out in the future when the rest of the world goes, oh F! please come back....

When are we, as a nation, finally going to come to the realization that sitting in a padded chair in Tennessee and playing a video game that kills unidentified people thousands of miles away is insanely immoral?!?

Drones are evil.

The military complex is the only business the congress didn't send to China or India.Our congress would have little graft money if they stopped the wars or occupations.No one gives a #$%$ about Pakistan or Afghanistan.It is just a heap of sand ,camels and ignorant muslims.

Wait didn't these slobbering idiots cheer when they gave Obama a Nobel Peace Prize?

As Gorge Bush said in 2001 " If you are against us or you hide, support or sponsor terrorism in any way, We are coming"  maybe you should have listened Pakistan. You didn't really think that hiding and supporting osama for 10 years wouldn't bring consequences did you??

Ben Emmerson can go F himself..When is the UN going to do an investigation on human right violations of drones flying in the US?

I would say that if Pakistan government does not control large areas of their country,that those areas are not really part of pakistan,and those areas that the pakis don't have the b***z to put under government controlare mostly where the drone strikes are.

Oh so now Pakistan, who harbors terrorists is not a credible source? They are just providing false/disinformation to try and stop the effective drone strikes that have the terrorists very very worried. Thats why they want this disinformation campaign pursued to try and use public oppinion to stop this effect way of eliminating terrorist groups withour putting US &amp; UN forces on the ground.

If Pakistan didn't want US drones the world would know about. They have to appear to be anti-Western because that always plays well with the local folks.

What's the UN's take on obama letting'em loose over America?

So we need Wikileaks to figure out what Obama is up to?  It's a sad day in American history.

If there were a Republican president in office the left would be going crazy over this type of thing. But, Praise His Holiness Obama.

So, the UN should file crimes against humanity charges against Obama and jail him. The US would applaud the UN actually doing something to a tyrant.

All this from cowards that hide behind women and children to fight and keep the number one worlds worst criminal in a luxury estate in their country. Try this first before #$%$ about US superiority. Don't hide behind so called innocent people while getting your clock cleaned by a drone weapon, then no innocent people would have to be collateral damaged!

Nuke Pakistan now.well when the drones start to target American citizens then maybe someone will stop the use of them anywhere......and if ya think they will never be used against Americans in America then your stupid......Obama has paved the way for more drones of different types to fly in our air space...yes armed drones in America......so you trust our government enough to tolerate that happening? they are coming for You one day soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

ummm. Dont harbor terrorists and you wont have drones flying around your heads. America is waking up and we are sick and tired of the terrorists that you provide shelter to finding their way into our country and killing our citizens. And ya. Stop lying. You know damn well that the pakistani "government"  has given the thumbs up in private.

In realty pakistan is lot more dangerous than iran , but because of politics pakistan gets money from united states and iran gets sanctions.

No drones, no money!

I wonder if the U.S. could be tried for crimes against humanity?  And if so, WHO IN PARTICULAR?The Droner in Chief, perhaps?

were are all the crying liberals now? remember screaming about Bush killing innocent civilians? you are all hypocrites..its nice to know that now you are also ok with warrantless wiretapping,gitmo and spy drones flying over our cities...your silence is pathetic

I thought electing Obama was going to make the whole world love us.

What sovereighty?  Its the lawless zone!

And how many innocent bystanders are killed with suicide bombs in Afghanistan and Iraq?I imagine many more than with surgical drone strikes. Stop all aid to Pakistan and save billions.

The irony is that our money probably paid for the investigation.Step up attacks in Pakistan and you will have centuries of blood shed against US. People just don't forget and let go there!!!Take a history lesson before using new toys.

oh as well the rules to join the UN are to live peacefully with other countrys but some how all the terrorist harboring death to all who dont listen to islam countrys got in. hmms hypocrits. WE the US can live peacefully but when were attacked were going to defend our selves.

100,000 civilians died in Iraq, no drones.

I wonder what the U.N. will say once the drones are used on U.S. Citizens.

The U.N. is a worthless waste of time and money and we should give them the heave ho. If the Obama admin does anthing to run afoul of this bunch of criminals I reluctantly say good.

yes,  very soon, we will be out of UN cause we have no money to fund. Then we obey our Jewish masters &amp; attack Iran then the whole world will impose sanctions on us. Then what, Bomb the whole world ??  Idiots !!!!!

what ? I am " Anti Cementic" ??

Hard to figure out what the biggest joke on earth is UN or King Obama

The UN has woken up

How many American soldiers die when drones are used? Whats that you say none. I'm sold, drone them all day long baby.Really hope this breaks out into a world war, everyone against the USA. It is a sight I would love to see.

People saying "if you want us to stop drone attacks then we wont give you monetary aid anymore". So I guess that should be the new policy? If you want money from the U.S. then you have to allow us to murder 400 of you're citizens with drones. Well, that sure does sound reasonable......

the Un...tell the UN to go " F.......K themselves. The UN is a total joke. We, the United States carries the load for everyone else around the World and these jackasses are critizes us.......

Stop all aid to Pakistan and kick the UN to the curb!

How come nobody cares about our sovereignty?

No s***, do we honestly think our own government is not corrupt.  It follows no rules but its own get ready ppl soon enough we wont have a guns and drones will be flying over U.S. airspace.  Why?  Theres not one single good reason you could give me to fly drones over us they already tap our phones and internet how much more spying do they need??

This is what a coward does, shoots people in secret and not care of the collateral damage.

The U.N. probably visited every war zone across this world that our Drones are used in but FAILED to visit and talk to U.S. Commanders.  I'd not put much stock in their one sided report.

Pakistan is too incompetent to handle terrorism and until they show an ability or willingness to stop their corruption and ineptness then the US should continue drone strikes.

war is hell and its no different in the war against terrorism, plus in war innocents die, regardless of what countries try to do, there are no rules of engagement, its kill or be killedWhen a Republican president locks up and tortures people in a foreign country, eavesdrops on private calls on a hunch, invades a country and bombs the s*** out of civilians, they said it was fine since it was for national security. How times have changed.

screw the UN they are a joke...they absolutely can't get anything done without our assistance...hey UN how's the Iranian nucluer program working for you or even the North Korean's...

Giving  down and out 5 bucks does not give you the right to kick them to death .

America = State terrorism !!

it's been going on for almost 10yrs ... timely?

Oh their may be a few civilians but then again I don't consider people shacking up with terrorist anything but terrorist themselves. Perhaps if Pakistan started turning over these wanted terrorist we wouldn't have to use drone strikes but they don't and if we a foreign entity can find them in their country you know for sure Pakistan knows where they are.

Is this going to be a dissappointment for the president or is he still going to slip them in to the US to protect us from anti-American(ie. Anti-anything he says?)

Like, do I care.  I think the UN be sovereign and get off our land.  By the way, we are broke.  I know a few Americans the could use the money that goes to the U.N.  One more thing, we need our serviceman back. Go Grunt!

Keep on using the drones. We're out of Iraq and leaving Afghanistan. Lets start a war with a nuclear power. This should be interesting....

there lucky we dont use B52s and just carpet bomb themThe UN violates US sovereignty.

GET US OUT

BUT the U.S. iz WELCOME to DEPLOY them in ameriKa.GO FIGURE

I agree with Grunt. But; We also need to close all our embassies and sever all contacts. When the last man is standing then we talk to him.

no more drones or wars in foreign lands.use the money for infrastructure jobsget america back to work.

So how many more years before RoBo cop is exactly what we look like as a country? Super poor, cops paid and owned by corprations and super rich just super rich? Or will we end up like hunger games? Future of the world not looking so pretty ! We got dragged into a 10000 year old holy war in the middle east , I is one that can not be won by normal means. Only war to stop there holy war is 100 percent devastation. If your not ready to pull a massive jenaside what do you do?  Odds are 10000 more years form now they will still be at it !

Its very strange to hear from people that they want to bring troops home and they don't wana waste their tax $$$. Same people now tend to say, Iran is evil, we cannot let them have nuclear bomb, Ahmadinejad is the devil.This translates to me, We want American soldiers to die, we want our economy to collapse, we want Americans to lose jobs, We want our debt to be 20 trillion from current 16, Lets kill more want innocent people to die.How is that so? First, Iran working on a nuclear bomb or not shouldn't be anyone business. Given US has 10,000 N.Bombs and Israel has 300 N.bombs. Even if they build a bomb they don't have the delivery system to get it here.Iran is not a threat to anyone, even Israel. Israel just doesn't want anyone else to have a N.bomb bc it would balance the equation in the middle east and Israel will no longer be the big boss.Therefore, they want US to attack first, and use our soldiers and our tax dollars to fund the War.Media is doing its job again to sell the War to American public. Think.

there will always be some civilian casualties in war, anti-war intelligence strikes and anytime the regimes of the world put their civilians (especially children, elderly and hospitals) in the mix with their hiding top officials, taliban and al-qaida. It's a war zone....what does the UN expect.

Pakistan is walking a thin rope between the Taliban and the U.S.. Playing games is not why we are there.

So what? We do not want them flying over our country either! Our governments is ignoring  us what makes you think they will care about you Pakistan?US sent a notice that B2 will be next. LOL

america keeps getting weaker and weaker due to china, dont understimate chinas influence on the UN, and if you have ever plyed monopoly, youll know what china is doing to the US..they OWN us and the control the UN- time to boycott all companies that make their stuff in china, stop buying their #$%$ and get off our lazy #$%$ and make stuff in america again- OH and start breeding, the muslims are beating us in the population dept. as well.

PLEASE...PLEASE...PLEASE...get the U.S. out of the U.N. and the U.N. out of the U.S. Also...let's end all aid OF ANY KIND to those nations not on our side. Let the 3rd world country's learn to support themselves or eventually live under Chinese rule.

now that china owns #$%$ ports, be sure the un will start protecting its interests in #$%$stan, just like they did in darfur..

no worries, we will leave it you Pakistan to clean up the terrorists, and by the way, as you are the recipient of the highest amount of financial aid from the US, and continue to sit on the fence, supporting terrorists, while shaking our hands and taking our money, we will stop that too....hello, are you there...ah didnt think so.

Kill destroy,murder children murder woman,how would we like it if they did the same to us we are the enemy of the entire world,the entire world hates us for all the woman and children we kill everyday

We need to focus on the real threat instead of trying to take controll of all the oil in the desert and focus on north korea a country with an insane child in charge of an army that acually does have the capacity to acually hit the united states with a nuke

We don't need to give money to Pakistan, and they don't have to suffer our drones being there.  Pakistan just ain't relevant, and we should save the considerable outlay, as well as needlessly annoying people who don't think much of us to begin with.

We the Amerikans don't care as long as these dead are not Amerikan !!!!

UN headquarters in NYC violates US sovereignty - Leave! - Do militants carry cards in their wallets that say 'CERTIFIED MILITANT' so we can tell them from civilians?what is it O-boy says about gun control? If we could save one innocent life its worth it. I guess that only applies to you and me. He on the other hand has a policy that if he can kill just one terrorist its worth the life of 400 others.

So a few hundred civilians were killed by the drones. No big deal, remeber these people place little value on human life, so what's a few Pakistanis killed by accident by these cute little drones...?   Besides, the civilians killed by accident will get to see their 47 virgins that much quicker.....!!!

Barack O'Buzzbomber will be taking out his own citizens pretty soon with those drones. He's learning a lot from his buddy Bashar al-Assad

Is anyone else tired of OUR government giving these countries OUR money against OUR will?Let them starve until they stand up and fight for themselves, we have our own problems here. Nuclear war is coming people, and to many dumb dumbs have them, or soon will. "We the people" My #$%$.... this s  h  i   t  needs a re-boot.

Quit firing in pakistan, start shooting anything that moves across the border from pakistan to afganistan. Problem solved.

As an Indian I demand that UN find enough courage to Demand that Pakistan stop training and harbor ring terrorists and the send them across into India for blood spilling attacks. I agree to this comment.

OK, let's go back to using F-18s and A-10s and see how many civilian casualties are created.Even better: let's just totally withdraw from that whole region, take our foreign aid money with us, and let the whole place self-destruct.

Blatant murder.

The friend of my enemy is my enemy.

Fine, let Pakistan take over the responsibility for terrorist in its boundaries. They will change quickly.Pull our guys out of there and stop the 650 Million in aid per year . We have 63,000 Homeless vets in this country lets take care of them first .

The UN and Pakistan trump up these accusations. That being said, the terrorist hide among civilians, and the civilians know exactly what these people are up to. They know the risks...

yeah l wanna report that one of your US drones just killed a village man sitting in his hut ,never mind five minutes before the same man had just killed three American service men

The US should have bought the "air space" over Pakistan. Maybe Pakistan didn't get the memo that the US is the Master of the planet Earth and we do whatever we want and screw nation sovereignty.

The real kicker is that the numbers are deceiving because 399 of the 400 were either terrorists themselves or harboring them. More likely 400 of 400.

Grunt.. awesome comment Espcially Pakistan and Afghanistan.... they poop in their hands anyway

So what's the deal with Pakistan, will they no consent to letting us come in on foot and attack the terrorists?

You keep your nose out of it Emerson. These drone strikes are needed and necesary in saving American servicemens lives. They are very effective in killing the enemy and the smartest thing Pres. Obama has continued doing.

Guess what people when Bush was president Bush lied people died remeber that saying? So ask yourself why now that Obama is doing the same we are not hearing Obama lied People died?(Bengazi)But most likely Yahoo will censor this as they always do when they disagree.

OUR GOVT. IS OVERSTEPPING ITS BOUNDRIES ON MANY FRONTS LATELY ......WE NEED TO REIN THEM IN !!!!!! ........BEFORE ITS TO LATE !!!!!!!!!!!1Oh, by the way Drones kill less than sending an army in and trying to blast the terrorist out. Innocents bystanders are always the causualties of war and we try to find the lesser of two evils in dealing with this ......................

and the USA still believes that they can do whatever they want in any country they want. I am hoping for the day other countries start attacking the USA. You get what you deserve.

we should honor there sovereignty, bring home all our troops, bring home all our drones, and let them all kill each other how they want to. and stop all aid going to them. keep our money at home and work on our economy

No sh|t it violates its sovereignty--That's what makes it such a great weapon!

just tell that part of the world we are leaving you all can kill each other off. and the bank is closed. we will be spending our money at home fixing america and putting our people to work.. tell the un the same

War is HECK!!!

Pakistan's sovereignty ??? I guess they are refurring to  their right to give the al-Qaida and Taliban militants places to hide and have a base of operations.. What the United States needs to do is stop giving Weapons, Money,  food, and any kind of aid to these Muslim countries...How stupid are we ? All those Muslim countries religious leaders want to kill everyone in the United States..and have not only said so countless times but also have made it clear by bombing, shooting, kidnapping and killing innocent men, women, and children... And lets not fool ourselves...those same Muslim Religious leaders are the real power in those countries...even the ones who are suppose to be our " Friends " want us dead,,,its like giving Nazi Germany and Japan money and aide during World War II...

OBAMA KILLED INNOCENT PEOPLE? thats news? so give him another nobel prize, and have a $20,000 a plate dinner!!!!

who be the terrorist now?

Nobody ever cares or pays attention to anything that useless organization (the UN) says or does. Not only should the US use drones all over the middle east, but we should use them to blow Pakistan, Iran, Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan out of existence!Well terrorists aren't actually a member of the Pakistani military so actually everyone of them are civialians. It's unfortunate that a few civialians get killed in these strikes but the terrorists surround themselves with civialians in an attempt to protect themselves.

It's called murder, and most decent people consider it a crime.

so, because the traitor leader got caught, the US is bad??

DRONE OPERATOR 1: did we just kill a kid?DRONE OPERATOR 2: it was a two legged dog!

Peace, peace and yet there is none. these drones are tools of satan, violating the dignity and rights of people. Even one collatoral damage is too many. These drones are nothing more then one tool of corporations getting wealthy along with sellouts in congress to promote globalist agenda that brings misery and oppression for all people. The antichrist globalist need to be stopped.

The 'press' calls them civilians, the military knows them as  enemy combatants.  If you harbor Taliban, feed them, shelter them, you have no place to complain of the results.  When you protect criminals, you become one. So long and boom!

Hows is the effort to stop Pakistan from proliferating Nukes to Iran going? lol.

The Pakistani government lost sovereignty in Pakistan when they were caught hiding Osama Bin Laden.

Guys, get a clue.  The border we are talking about is a line drawn by the british between what was then India and Afghanistan.  The taliban tribes have lived in that area since the beginning of time and the area they live in is split by that make beleive border.  When we do a drone strike you are thinking in terms of a military base.  They have no bases.  When we identify that Ismail is in this building, the building is his home and his wife and kids are sleeping in it too.  But anyway, since Obama is attacking homes in a nation he has no authority to be conducting war in and killing woman and children, that makes him a war criminaal.

so does this mean bradly manning and wikileaks is of the hook??.400 deaths from a war that was started from a lie?.not too mention 4000 of our own and many others from other countrys?..war crimes means nothing on this planet..end of lineWe violated Nazi Germany's sovereignty when invaded them to end World War II, also.  OF COURSE, sovereignties will be violated.  OF COURSE, there will be CIVILIAN CASUALTIES AND COLLATERAL DAMAGE.  THAT'S WHAT WAR IS !!  But there's no other choice if you want to defeat enemies like Islamic militants.

Isn't this why the war on terrorism is a quagmire? The terrorists, or militants, or whatever they're calling them these days are civilians. Are they not? How can you distinguish who is militant and who is not unless you could read their thoughts?

Unless you have boots on the ground and human eyes on the target you really have no idea of what your shooting at. These drone attacks are eqivalent to a hail mary pass. We wouldn't condone another country doing this to us or our allies.

move along nothing to see here!

For someone who proclaimed openness and won a Peace Prize, Comrade Barry sure likes the drones.  Oh that's right, he lied about openness and didn't earn the Peace Prize that was awarded to him.  Business as usual, carry on.

Can someone tell me how the US can launch armed drones in Pakistan without the consent of the Pakistan government? You better believe that the rules of engagement are strictly followed and everything is documented,and most certainly Pakistani authorities watching every move we make there.So the UN is concerned about 400 people in the past decade, good for them. Meanwhile 70,000 civilians are dead in Syria in the last two years.

1.7 Trillion dollars of our deficit is because of those unfunded wars.  That's alot of money for activities that only made Haliburton (Cheney) and Defense Contractors a ton of money!

These #$%$'s went to the streets and cheered after 9-11, they hid Osama Bin Laden for years.We need to cut  off all their foreign aide and treat them like the enemy they are.

Dear President Peres and P.M. Netanyahu,If the US has ever done anything for Israel; please detaining and try Obama for crimes against Humanity and Human Rights Violations for the missile strikes on innocent civilians.

Obama is in charge so it's ok..remember we need to be hypocritical.Need a drone strike on the UN.

Oh and the Taliban are squeaky clean?

If this was Bush the left would be crying for him to be put on trial! Where is this outrage now???

Maybe they would rather we used Cruise missles???

Wonder where Cindy Sheehan is?  Guess it is too unsafe to set up camp down the street from Obamas ill gotten gain of a residence in Chicago...probably get shot by one of Mayor Rohm's on the loose, gun totting thugs! What about Code Pink? Why isn't George Stephanopoulos playing funeral music and listing off the names of the fallen/victims on his propaganda  news cast...

Let me see if I have this straight, the United Nations who is not particularly friendly to the United States, sends a secret mission over to Pakistan, who are not our friends, to speak with the Pakistanis, and the Taliban who were fighting, to ask them if they approve of our drone strikes.  I believe I could have saved him the trip.

Get the hell out of Afgan, cut off all aid, which is Billion's, how many civilians have the enemy killed with their suicide bombers, get out now, those tribes have been a war for over 2000 years and we will not change their attitude, just get out and leave them alone in the outdated way of life, they do not deserve any financial aid from this country, they hate us.  When will that idiot obozo learn, you cannot buy love with the billions we have given them.

What is terrorism? a person strapping a bomb on killing innocent people is no difference from dropping a bomb from a drone killing innocent people.

And 3,000 drones along with 1.4 Billion rounds of large caliber hollow point ammo, 7,000 High powered Rifles and 2,700+ Highly Armored (Air Filtered) IED Proof Vehicles coming to YOUR TOWN SOON.

Too bad, that is what happens when you harbor outlaws.And why are drones not used along our southern borders and in the international waters bordering the USA to stop all drug and illegal entry attempts???  Targeting Americans should be way down the list of priorities.  Secure our borders first and foremost.  I give a rat's a----about who controls what in Afghanistan miles and oceans away.

Where can I apply to be a drone pilot? This Pakistan killing sounds fun.

Caution:  Drones in mirror are closer than they appear.

To hell with their sovereignty if they are harboring criminals in the neighborhoods.  If you know that there is a group of Talibans living near you, you better move.  And what about you turning them in because they kill their people also?  Guess not.  They don't want to clean up their country so we will and if we hit a few civilians, so be it.  I wouldn't give one American boy for 1,000 of their civilians.  Clean up your country and we would not have to.

Maybe Ben Emmerson and his U.N. team need to do a secret research trip to al-Qaida and Taliban militants camps in Pakistan's tribal region along the Afghan border and if they make it back out, tell us their results on how many civilian casualties these groups have done. And if their are any females on his U.N. team tell them not to talk or the might get laches from the whip because women their are considered lower than SH**.

LIAR NOTHING #$%$ ME OFF MORE THEN NOBEL PRIZE WINNER BEING A WARLORD

while you are at it, see what N. Korea is up to

What the report failed to mention is that 390 of those 400 were hiding known terrorists.

Early on we warned Pakistan that we planned to use their country from which to launch attacks and through which to supply our troops. When they protested, we stated: "you are either with us or against us". So they either had to face also being invaved by the U.S. or give in and let us do as we choose. This would hardly make them a true friend.

Drones are becoming the US equivalent of the German V1/V2 bombs! Besides Obama sez the  US has the legal right to bomb anyone they dagnabb please!ooopppss, bad netendo pilot... no medal for you.

Thats right we about to start violating some $%#^ around here!!!! Whose the terrorist now b^%$#s ??????

The UN also criticized legalization of pot in Colorado.  I used to like the UN.It may be time to shut it down.

Well at least Obama doesn't use these against his own citizens....oh wait he has....nevermind.....

After the whole Bin Laden thing why would we trust what Pakistan has to say?

FTUN

Did you folks KNOW that in March when Brennan was sworn in as Director of the CIA that he insisted on swearing in on one of the earlier copies of the Constitution? He said that he was honored to swear on the document that had Washingtons signature on it.BUT did you all know that his swearing on that SPECIFIC copy of the Constitution might have been for a REASON?What does the earlier Constitution NOT have that later ones DO HAVE? THE BILL OF RIGHTS(Amendments) the ORIGINAL Constitution DOES NOT have the BILL OF RIGHTS that was not added untill around 1781 I BELIEVE!So Brennan swearing on the constitution that DOES NOT have The Bill of Rights REALLY worries me.Its like hes saying(without saying ) I will honor this document and all that is within itMINUS YOUR RIGHTS that were enumerated by the Founding Fathers in the BILL of RIGHTS.Also since this is ONE of the men that can AUTHORIZE DRONE STRIKES its NOT very comforting to know he deliberatly went out of his way to GET AROUND the AMENDMENTS.

Frikin Pakistan...what a joke.

Hey, business is business They're supposed to secure our own borders but that's bad for business also. Another 'conflict' circle-jerk redux, we're cannon fodder- enjoy the show.

How many thousand more civilians would be dead if the drones were not used?Time to pay for your sins Pakistan.  Suck it up.

Russia and nazis would be so proud of us

WE are at war folks! Tell me when the enemy was fair or even the least bit kind. In any war there is collateral damage. We do not mean to harm civilians. The enemy on the other hand  specifically targets civilians. I can`t stand Obama, but stand behind him on this because this one time I agree with what he is doing.

I think the UN should be relocated to Haiti.  The UN could then live among the poor and it would help the Haitian economy.

While I don't necessarily like that innocent civilians MIGHT have been killed, if the UN doesn't like how we handle things, they can take the UN Building out of New York.

Pakistan was a peaceful country till their idiotic president  Musharaf getting bribes from US agreed to support  US. There were no bombing, killing like this. So good lesson for any country who wants to work with Amerika on "war on terror". Remember some billions of Dollar notes on wooden pallets shipped from US to Afghanistan went missing ?.

then tell Pakistan to kick the terrorist out of there country, instead of protecting them,,I agree we as American can go after terror where ever it is.

Never, ever trust any muslim, and watch with great care those that walk among US today and we will all stay safe.....Insha'allah.

Anyone wants to have a Drone strike on israel for bombing "USS Liberty" ??.Say what ?, we did not hear any "USS Liberty' on jewish controlled Amerikan media like CNN, FOX &amp; others. So this has to be a bogus story ~~~

News flash for this islamist "rapporteur" , a nation which harbors our enemies and aids them is murdering our citizens has no "sovereignty rights". Our military will hunt down the cockroaches wherever they hide behind their women in their cities. You can "rapportee" on this you primative savage.In the words of Billy Jack ( cult movie of 70s, ) When policemen break the law then there is no law, just a fight for survival. I believe that if any nation used a drone to kill MY innocent family I would have a hard on for revenge.  ( As in Billy Jack when he says, I try, I really try, when you and the people at the school tell me Im supposed to be nonviolent)  and I see this stuff happening.The girlfriend then  says Billy ur full of sheet, when ur dead and a hero,  it is the rest of us who have to keep going  on. ( Paraphrase)

why were number one in the world we should OWN the sky

I would say sending armed aircraft over any country is a violation of that countries soverenty.

Only 400?  They must have stopped counting.  Obama won't stop till he is the Czar of the world.  Sitting behind his desk and using drones like the giant Turd he is.

More lies, the Pakistan Army will bomb their own people as with corroborating with Al Quaida to keep US dollars flowing into their country. The UN can kiss America's ....ss

Who cares about Pakistans sovereignty. These people will stab you in the back and cut off your head. They are no friend of the USA.

why would Obama care about killing pakistani civilians... he's OK with using the drones on American citizens too?

May Obama should return the Peace Prize ..

The world is hating the USA, killing from the skys with death guided by pimply-faces vidio game kids thousands of miles away, cowardly, 80% killed are womena and children.

and its the BIGGEST waste of our poor TAXPAYERS money...the cost of this uncontrolled piece of junk is outrageous........and  it only kills innocent people and children...WHY ARE WE WASTING OUR MONEY ON THESE DRONES...WHYYep. Obama is a war criminal. Using predator drones to kill civilians in Pakistan and Yemen, two countries that don't need any more of our tax money in foreign aid anyway. But don't let the liberal news press in this country say Obama is a war criminal, because they can't find one flaw in this man. He also wage an illegal/undeclared war in Libya back in 2011 for absolutely no reason. So his use of waging wars and drones on unarmed civilians go completely unnoticed to those so called humanitarian liberals that praise him. This is our Nobel Peace Prize winning President. He's quite the humanitarian isn't he? And again, nobody in the news media seems to be discussing the use of drones on American soil or the fact that the President supported renewing the PATRIOT Act and signing the National Defense Authorization Act into law to detain Americans without due process and kill them by drone, if necessary. And the liberal news media... dead silent. If this was a Republican administration, we know that the news would be all over it... but Obama has the exempt status.

There are no genuine civilians in that part of Pakistan. They are all terrorists, their families or their suppiers and helpers.

They wouldnt have to worry about that if they hadn't harbored bin laden.

A GREAT MACHINE,it's saved thousand's of american life's.

"F" the "UN"

Screw the UN!  I saw we defund the UN and use the money to save either the poor kid or the disabled kid - whichever one our King decides.

ISLAMABAD translates in to ISLAM IS BAD!

If you're a villager, standing next to a terrorist..Oh well..

The U.S. Drone Program is keeping our boys over there safe and happy. I salute you Mr. President!

UN and Obama on the same side, yet UN will act like the hero now.I would say to Pakistan you agreed when you signed that  50,000 page document that we could do whatever and whenever we want in your country. And on top of that we have been given you hefty sums of cash every month. Now you are whining? Sorry guys can't have it both ways.

The Right Wingers called Obama "weak on defense" and " bad for Israel".   #1 I REFUSE TO DIE FOR ISRAEL and #2 America has no business funneling MY TAX DOLLARS to Israel for ANY REASON.The Left Wing is so pro-Obama that they will never hold him to account for anything he's doing, although they would demand Bush be IMPEACHED for doing the same exact things.

Collateral damage happens in EVERY war, so whats the problem?

When are we going to get away from the B.S. the UN dishes out.  The UN is corrupt and if not for the good old USSA, the whole place would fall down, including the building.  Now we want to enter into an agreement to violate our own constitution, namely the second ammendment.  This country should stop holding up the UN with our cash and our lives.

Let me guess.....all the obama haters on yahoo will now side with pakistan and denounce America on a public forum. How patriotic of you 4ssholes.

sounds like a whole lot of murder under obamas belt...even if the numbers are off by alot..

when President Obama comes close to killing as many people as bush w did then you hateful repukes can make a case against him.  til then, #$%$.

Think of the thousands of innocent u.s civilian casualties when the revolution starts. All those slamming the constitution don't realize that most of us will not allow our constitution to be shredded, so hope you have a safe place.

We know we violate their neutrality...if they won't hunt the bad guys...we will

When even the UN, which has been used as a pressure tool for US, denounces wrongdoing of US operations, it's time for US to reevaluate their foreign policies either to correct it or to expose who's behind it.Not surprised. Lied too again.

Just 400. Sorry. That's about as "tactical" as missiles get given the number of strikes. Now, if we unleash the B-52s and show them what carpet bombing looks like, they could grow to accept the rare drone strike.

hmms and then you need to condem the terrorists that hide like cowards and then you use them to bad mouth america or any country. and frankly shouldnt of been harboring threats as well to do so is just as guilty and thus an enemy

When Obama starts using drones in the US, will civilian casualties be OK as long as they get the "bad guy"?  The way we are making it sound is that you are guilty by proximity, thus, a militant.

fascist always kill civilians, that way the rest of the subjects will fall in line, why do you think the obama regime is now planning to use drones in the USA

Kill Islamic militants wherever they can be found because it truly is that we can kill them there or we can kill them here.Declare war (by Congress) on al-Qaida and then we don't need any more "legal" justification!

Drone strikes proves that USA is a backstabbing ally of Pakistan...Drones are illegal...

if bush was doing this, we would never hear the end of it from the left and the news would be 24/7

Gee, I wonder if the investigator had a preconceived idea of what the study would find before he started asking questions...

Ok  you liberal A-holes how do you suggest we engage these cowardly terrorists who hide behind civilians? We can't use airstrikes because of possible loss of civilian life, you dont want the nightraids to continue because they are scary and disturb innocent civilians, and now drone strikes in the lawless tribal region of Pakistan are not appropriate means either!!! What are your suggestions to combat the radical Muslim swine who use your liberal rules of engagement to their advantage?The quality of the response to sexual &amp; intamacy needs in residential care is greatly determined by staff who can have a profound effect on the life of the resident &amp; on the lives of the partners &amp; families.

F the UN

i am more concerned with people of my country Pakistan due to radio active waves brain tumor is spreading very fastly tribal areas where there is no as such health facilities and people are living in poverty so there ni no use of drones there, drones must be stopped

Remind me again,  why are we  in  Iraq and  Afghanistan?  That is,  aside  from  providing  Bush and  Cheney with a lifestyle  of  wealth and  comfort?

The U.S. needs to give Pakistan a couple of drones to play with,so the U.N. can say they balanced the playing field. Start them out on remote model planes from a hobby store. The remote controlled camels are back ordered.

Don't worry about Little Randy Paul's latest crackpottery.  He'll be on to another attack of foolishness next week.  He has a short attention span to go with his excess supply of wierdness.

America will be punished soon for all the war crimes we have commited,the worl hates us for good reason.

Killing with drones is a very cowardly and disgusting act. Think... a commander and chief doesn't go to war with his soldiers... instead he passes laws to use remote control murdering devices. Obama and Bush are cowards and thugs that wouldn't even march on the front lines because they were cowards with no back bone.

The DRONE STRIKES have been very dangerous. INDIA and the INDIAN AIR FORCE has found a way to hijack and take over the control of a DRONE once it is flying. This is easy to do, you simply take over the GPS Signals. Most of the 47,846 DEAD Pakistanis, have been innocent Women and Children. OBAMA on CNN NEWS HAS BLAMED INDIA, and he is correct!!!

SO excited the govt uses drones in US airspace now! and hell even has the permission to kill americans on their soil. sure sure, we may hit the bad guy, but the rest of the people we snag, well lets just brush that under the rug#$%$ the UN and everything they dos they are liars, thieves and cokksu#$%$ers from day one.  Out to genava and stop all US support  Pakistan can get on the short bus to Hell and we will help them all along.....

We found Osama bin Ladin in Pakistani territory due to the drones...Good deal...Obama bin Ladin has allowed drones to target American citizens...Bad juju...It's alright for our current 'President' to 'find' the number one terrorist in the world with sophisticated, animatronic war machines, but when he starts targeting honest to God citizens, that's where I draw the line...

Sometimes the drones do inadvertently  kill family members of terrorist or family of those hosting terrorist while striking the terrorist.  On the other hand we watch the pakistani terrorist outright murdering people on film on a regular basis, yet not a cheep from the UN or the mullahs.  Whiners abut the drone campaign in the FATA can just suck it up.

They're going to cry over 400 civies killed by the drones, talk to the people in London, Dresden, Toyko and the cities in China during WWII.

Ah yes, the Bullying Terrorist INVADERS... They "never do nothin wrong"... just ask the American INDIANS.

"The head of a U.N. team investigating casualties from U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan declared after a secret research trip to the country that the attacks violate Pakistan's sovereignty."After what Pakistan has done hiding Bin Laden in the biggest military compound for who know for how long???    I got their sovereignty hangin'.  If Pakistan has any friends, #$%$ them too!!!

Only 400? That's all, there are far more evil people out there that need killing. Besides Pakistan will agree 400 dead is a small price to pay for the millions of US tax dollars borrowed from the Chinese we have to bribe them each year to remain a US ally.

If we had drones flying above the drones to take them out before they drone somebody. That would be good. I don't condrone these acts at all.....

"5 dancing Israelis" told FBI that Israel is glad 911 happened so American people will sympathize with Israel. Are we ???. Read the true stories, not Amerikan propaganda from CNN, FOX &amp; other media. Jews control 100&amp;% of the congress, senate therefore 110% of US President. ~~.

The UN is living in a fool's paradise. Pakistani government freely admits no jurisdiction in the tribal areas, yet lobbies for an end to the drone strikes on the very same territory.They are nothing but a mouthpiece for the ENEMY !! Aid to Pakistan goes everywhere it possibly can.... to harm America, not help !!!Hmmmm....Pakistan is bad guy cause they said that bin ladin was not there..and what about US allegation of Iraq WMD? They never found that too and US soldiers died believing in that!

Isolationism is the complete and total answer. People will disagree because of WW2 but we invade and destroy and then rebuild. Why? I have been to Iraq and Afghanistan. I have been to Germany before and after the wall came down, I also served soup and sandwiches to Americans yesterday. Families and children that came alone. U.S. first. Get it right government or we will get it right for you.

peaceSupreme COURT NULLIFIED Justice and promoted Corruption in 2003 WAR is LAWLESS procedures vs Peace is LAWFUL procedures

OK, these "tribal" societies are (and have been for about two centuries) in a state of social stagnation.  Hey, that would be OK if they would just stay in their stagnant social order with a low population - because of the natural violence and high infant mortality; which is the state they would be in now if they did not have the West interfering with such modern amenities as: medicine, electricity, water purification, and transportation networks.  The West created this social disaster.  As they say, you can't have your cake and it too.  If a society is unwilling to accept evolution, then that social group is dangerous to the rest of the world.  It will be violent, it will overpopulate and overwhelm the environment, and it will breed self loathing.  The UN is right, no more predators - (instead, no more imported food, medicine, spares for the generators, water purification supplies, and no new roads).  In about one generation (twenty years), they will have a smaller population that will be sustainable in their native environment.  I bet they will actually be happier too!  Let's get started.

That's almost a good photoshop. That missile is not being shot off of the MQ-9. They don't drop and shoot, it goes off the rail.

Sorry some of your people died, not really, I would rather have our boys and girls home and cut off your gravey train.

Obama loves to kill people. American's will be next.

The report is BS. There are no civilians in Pakistan, they are all t*rror!sts. Not to forget 0sama was captured when Pak govt was telling he is not in Pak. Pakis cannot have US aid money and also nurture t*rror!sts at the same time, they need to let go off one of them. ;-)

Screw what the UN says. They are nothing but a black hole to throw money to support their lavish life in the US.

where is the report regarding Pakistan supporting and harboring terrorists????Gee, I wonder why are viewed so poorly in much of the world. Let's just keep telling ourselves that we are the good guys over and over again and continue to be shocked when we aren't "...greeted as liberators"...

More idiotic thinking on the UN; it is a useless organization, and the US should form a United Nations of No BS Democratic countries, and abandon this private club for dilatantes.

Can we just get the UN out of the USA?  It is so anti-American, it is hypocritical to have it here.

If any nation were to even fly a drone into US airspace, our govt. would declare war. Ours is a nation of hypocrisy and hubris. And that is why America is the most hated nation in the world.

screw the un - it is nothing beneficial especially when it comes to the u.s.

Pull the funds,get our guys out of there and let god sort them out.If any of these numbers are true,IF,then we have no dam business being in there.And if not we still have no dam business being in there.If our government has its ways we will soon be at war on many fronts.Too dam many.There is no way we could manage somany at one time.  GET THEM OUT NOW.

U want to pick a fight with the USA don't hide ,we will find u. N.K. tell little kim to slow down n #$%$ the f^%$ up

bull. they're not civilians if they are harboring terrorists. let the drone attacks continue. best thing we have done for that region along with killing bin laden

But there must be some mistake! Didnt  government "officials" tell us these were always "surgical" strikes  with infallible technology and that no civilians were ever killed?Does this mean we cannot trust what the government says? Alas!

And they want to bring these drones over here to kill US Citizens. I dont think so.Time to defund the UN

The US not violated Pakistan's sovereignty. We have been invaded Pakistani for years now.

Once the criminal regime of puppets is gone from Pakistan. It will be a different ball game. New govt will retaliate against the Satanic regime of war criminal Obama. Imtiaz Gul

The ultimate form of terrorism by the world's biggest terrorist.

Tough #$%$, they support terrorists so they do not get sovereignty of borders. BTW screw the UN its useless anyway.

who are the real terrorists with the real power to destroy"insurgent math."In short, it is the notion that killing civilians fuels hostility towards the US-led coalition and feeds an insurgency.

Pakistan lacks the ability and political will to fight terrorism in their own country, so we do it for them. I agree whole heartedly with Obama on this one. As a matter of fact, we should multify our use of drones, satellites, spaced-based missle platforms, laser weapons and anything and everything we can develope. So, that attacking us becomes suicide for the attacker.

Did Obama cry for these 400 murdered civilians?  No.  But he cries for Sandy Hook children of a country he was not even born in?  Those were fake tears you wiped away from your face Obama...Illuminati goons will destroy this country.

Time to pull out and leave them to the dogs.

We aren't at war with Pakistan. That's what makes it illegal.I just got here.  Has anyone blamed Bush yet inspite of it now being Obama's SECOND term?

There was no need for a secret trip by the UN Observer. We already knew that we are crossing pakistani territory, albeit it was done with permission and payment of billions of dollars to the porki army.As far as the question of sovereignty goes, it is not a sovereign nation as it is run over by so many muslime fighters from all over the world. If it had been sovereign, they would have been able to stop them from coming into the territory they think they control.

Obama - you say water boarding is bad - but how about drone killings.  Are they ok?  This guy is at the bottom of the President list - lower than Jimmy Carter.

Here's the main thing, and people on both sides of the drone issue are dumb if they don't say this first. Drones are tools, and nothing more. Drones follow the rules of tools. They are not something inherently different from other tools.Is it legal for a soldier or police officer to fire their weapon should the situation call for it? Can they shoot even if there is no trial or they are in another country? Can we use our forces to do patrol's in another country?The answers are not cut and dried or black and white. But they provide the basic guidelines for weapon and drone use. *The answers to the questions I asked were all: yes, but with provisions*

Un should put a warrant out for the Arrest Of Barrak Obama and make him answer to the charges

so can we kick the Obama administration out yet? I want every last one of them OUT.

so what about those islamic terrorists? is it legal to have them kill those innocent people?

It is clear that they no longer want us there. It is clear that they have lied in the past just as every other government has through generations. We got our man we were after, we are done there, bring our men home and lets get on with our own country and let old wounds die with the man.

Fine, pull our troops home, QUIT the financial aid, deliver the message, keep to yourselves, you mess with us, and we will turn your country into an ashtray,, then, who's next? do I see a show of hands???? Spend the money and effort here to help our own citizens!!

Pakistani sovereignty? Yeah, you #$%$ harbor terrorists, treat your women like #$%$, and live in the stoneage. BOMBS AWAY!!!The U.S. Government needed a place to practice killing innocent civilians before they start using them here on U.S. soil...against innocent American Civilians..

Curious! If the drones were fighter jets with real pilots dropping bombs and firing missiles there would be a political explosion in both Pakistan and the US.  Somehow since the pilots are thousands of miles away this lets the whole thing be a little less personal but just as dead.

We should believe that islam is a peaceful and beautiful religion. NOT!!!!!

Famm pass it on let your voice be heard!! Stop this war on pot and send our family members and loved ones home!! I wouldnt send anyone to jail for pot, I dont care how much they have! It is insane to be sending these people to prison over pot. Save the tax money and spend it where we need it, schools. Its not the boogy man in the closet that our Government wants us to believe it to be! Pot has never killed anyone that I know of, but our Government is killing I dont know how many people a year by giving them life in prison for pot if you don't dont believe it check it out at famm dot org . Some of the best people I know smokes pot. What makes them any different from someone else that smokes cigs or drinks? Why do we single theses people out? Obama let our people go!!!!

i'm not against the drone strikes, but if that was going on in the u.s and they were killing our civilians we would be calling for war.get out of that region and quit giving those countries money that we could be using at home.

its all well and good til it is one of your family. why is not ok for them to kill our families(911) when we are killing their families. our insane empire building has got to stop. we will have neither security or freedom til we do.

Some of the idiots still think a plane hit the pentagon. Nicely rounded 9ft hole ??. Government does not want to release any photos , humm. Not a single aircraft piece has been recovered from the site. People needs to look beyond our politician, CNN, FOX &amp; Amerikan jewish propaganda. Rest of the world can not believe how stupid Americans are . Worse than people in N. Korea.

Maybe it would have been more useful for the UN to state that Pakistan, Afghanistan, the U.S. and Saudi Arabia are fighting a proxy war in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Sovereignty doesn't matter when countries are at war.

I wonder if the Nobel committee wants their Peace Prize back?

Are there different laws/rules/regulations for drones versus manned aircraft? why are dones so dangerous? they use the same weapond that can be delivered from a plane with the same logic and reasoning .Well if Pakistanis dont consent to it, then they should do something about it. Its this simple !!!!

they lost 400 citizens??? - -what a shame....  2600 more and they are closing in on the 3000+ that we lost on 9/11- - keep droning

isn't a Drone a stingless male bee in the colony of honeybees? i love drones and i need some  to mate with the queen bee!!!!

Rational, Logical Common Sense. Just like Cambodia and Laos. If your Enemies are using "safe" territory to attack and kill you.........whaddayagonnado?! Die Happy in the name of International Law???!!! Proxy Wars are Nasty, Dirty, Filthy, Mean and Vicious. All sides know this going in to it.

question-if pakistan is crying about their people being killed by our drones then why dont they shoot them down with their fighter jets, those drones dont have the stealth capibilities like a F-117 has for example, im sure they track them on their radar all the time

Wait till FBI &amp; Police use drones on "we the people". if you are the people OK with drone strikes in Pakistan or any other country, you should be OK with that in US as well, right ? how about Israel ??

Those terrorists hiding inside Pakistani territory being armed and funded by the Pakistani ISI, The same idiots the U.S government keeps giving aid to deserve to be vaporized, Those Fing cockroaches.Kill them all.

I would very much be in favor of my job title being changed to "special rapporteur".

Really, what happens when Pakistan trains terrorist and send to other countries? IS this violation of sovereignty of other nations? Pakistan should be listed as Terrorist State and thrown out of UN.

Pakistan is harboring known criminals. "Civilians" mixed in with the Taliban. That makes them guilty by association thus a fair and legitimate target.I stopped reading after it said "Pakistan confirmed more than 400 civilian deaths."  All the people we are fighting are hiding within the civilian populations for cover.  If Pakistan know who all the bad guys are, why arent they telling us?

400 of them is better than 400 of us...I say dont stand so close to terrorists

"UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty"Yeah, so does harboring terrorists...

I sure hope the world understands that the American people are way different than the American government! Although it's the American peoples fault for falling asleep and allowing these elites to overtake our government and make a mess of things!

We can start saving $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ Say good by to the UN

Obama: " It is worth taking all the guns from American citizens if it spares the life of even one child."  But, its ok to use a drone to kill hundreds of kids at once.  Does anyone else see anything wrong with this?

I think the air force should paint the drones black and on the side have a skull and cross missiles, on the tail have numbers 911....then do a fly by before they bomb. Gray is so bla

UN is right, and It is time to declare Pakistan a rogue country for continuously sending killer Terrorsts into India and carry out bloody attacks on Innocent Indian People's. They should also stp training , equipping and feeding the terrorists. The world and the UN knows where OSAMAji was hiding. right near Pak. military Acadamy.

First order of business is to STOP the annual payment of $2 BILLION dollars to Pakistan which we have gave them for years now. Second remove every single US military personnel and let them have at it without our help of any kind. We were using a pass thru Pakistan to get supply's to some of our people but it certainly is not worth $2BILLION dollars to do so. The time has long past to bring ALL our people home so let's get that done ASAP. We have the technology and weapons to have this done and over with but war is a money making business and business has been good for 11 years now but it's time to close the business and bring all our assets home. Simply stopping the money to both Pakistan and Afghanistan would help pay down some the massive $16 TRILLION dollar mess we have here at home.

Why does putting terrorists in Gitmo upset the left, but they have nothing bad to say about summarily executing them with a drone?  Weird.Why is it we even need em?? They are now bringing em in on  us the US peple has to deal with em also. Why is that just let em surround the White House if so worried

The article should have said, 400 potential muslim terroist.

Perhaps they are using this as practice for when they are soaring overhead here in the US.

What does it take to get one of those drone things to wipe out the UN?  Hopefully when it's in session.

#$%$ k the pakistani govt. for allowing the terrorist to live in pakistan...

After 10s and thousands of civilian deaths. now UN wakes up. Imagine if Cuban drones would have entered and killed civilians on the south east border.We need to get UN out of the US and US out of the UN

flying airlines  into tye word trade centers and killing over 3000 inocent people drones are just fine and it will give the  #$%$  something to keep them honest

May be if Pakistan took care of the problem on their soil, our drones wouldn't have to do the job for them.

Get all of our troops out of Afghanistan and quit trying to deceive the American people---President Obama.  Now!

we will honor their soverignity when they stop harboring al queda.  How many american dollars do we give them every year???  Lets stop!Last time I checked Pakistan you were harboring the worlds most wanted terrorist and it was DRONES that found Bin Laden.

If they weren't a sovereign terrorist nation playing us for the fools that we are for all the money we give them then I guess the UN and Pakistan might have a point.

remember when they killed 3000 innocent civilians?? yea so I don't feel bad for a little collateral damage. If they can control their own people then they don't have to worry about the U.S. killing the terrorist for them. sucks to suck

What I want to know is, how many billions of dollars are we sending them this time.Our president needs Impeachment processes started before he destroys what is left of our country. The United States is in very bad shape, and we are still giving all our money away to these countries that despise us, why is this? And now the (elected )leader cane have a drone kill Americans because they might pose a threat. Where is the computer hacker that will send the drone to strike down the man that is destroying our country?? He is the terrorist  in our White House that is doing his best to destroy America. after writing this, I will be watching for a multi million dollar  drone to be circling my home.After all there is no freedom of speach and take our guns away, Hitler did this didn't he????????????????

This is the guy who four years ago said we would be out of Iraq, Afganistan, and Guatonimo Bay would be closed. Hmmmmmm......60 Billion to Syria for military support last week, increased drone bombings. $$$$$$$$$$$ Am I missing something, still in all these hot spots spending money he said he wouldn't.  PS unemployeement at 7.7%. So in the last four years umemployment has been between 7.7% and 8.1%. What a great plan. $$$$$$$$ Wasted.

can anyone remember Cambodia? We dropped more bombs on it than in all of WWII, the only thing we accomplished was to radicalize the population and make them hate us.

The UN needs to shut the F up.  You can't kill aL Qaida that hide with citizens by cuddling them. Perhaps the UN can ask aL Qaida to put on uniforms like REAL solders. That way we will know who to shoot.  Cowards ! They all hide their faces.  Wonder why ?  They don't want us to see how ugly they are ?  No.  They are afraid some of their country's citizens, may pay them a visit while they are asleep.  lol

They should not be harboring terrorists...too bad!  Better them than for us to loose ONE of our service men/women.

Tell UN to shut up... Kick them out of the US. They can have their office in China, North Korea or Iran.. The UN cannot even control these countries are pro terrrorist.

Pakistan lost all credibility when they hid Bin Laden.UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty????...Cowardly Extremist Musilm Terrorists like Al Qaeda, and the Taliban are harbored and tolerated in Pakistan and other countries in the area, yet they violate humanity with bombs almost daily!!! They threaten to KILL anyone who does not agree with them or support them. They will imprision or kill anyone who dares say anything against them, their questionable prophet, or their behavior. They have repeatedly said they want death to America, Isreal, Jews and Christians everywhere. Their so called peaceful yet extremist part of the Muslim religion is full of contradiction. They make those Muslims that really do have peaceful intent look as bad as them just by association. They hide in mosques, schools, around civilians and children, or bomb them with suicide bombers. They are bullies, cowards, mass muderers, mistreat women and are a pox on true peace and humanity by their actions. And lately we see and hear about our President and his cronies sending money and weapons to the Muslim Brotherhood. Is our President and government now Muslim extremist sympathizers?

9/11 was a violation of our sovereignty!

Drones are replacing pilots and before we know it, robots will be replacing soldiers. Drones are saving  pilots lives and yet people are complaining about it???

Does it violate their sovereignty? Definitely. Does the U.S. care? No. As long as Pakistan continues to harbor most of the world's terrorists in their FATA region then the rest of the world will continue to exterminate them with or without Pakistans consent or support. Also, FYI the Taliban knows that we have strict ROEs when it comes to civilian casualties so they keep all their "innocent" civilian friends close.

The U.N. is against it. I'm for it. After 9/11 our Gov. said it will go after our enemies no matter what country they operate from.

Between Eric Holders fast &amp; furious gun sales to cartels and Oblamers drone war this administration has more innocent  blood on its hands than all the mass shooters in US history combined! That said I'm cool will blowing up radical Muslims where ever they are found.

When the US uses drones to support UN actions, will they still whine about it?

Here is an idea, the US does not set up its Military defense in civilian areas. Maybe if these cowardly terrorists would not hide themselves in the midst of the civilian population you might see fewer civilian deaths. Do not rush out and kill innocents and then rush back to hide amidst innocents and then yell about the civilians that got hurt. Taliban Jihadist should be changed to Taliban Cowards!!!!!!

Take notice that it was a "SECRET" investigation. My question is; By who. And as for the Media from any country, yes even the USA "LIE." Because that is what sells News Papers.

bombs awayIf we leave them alone, then something like 9/11 happens again.... hence the reason we are still there.  The best solution is to take the offensive and get rid of them, but the majority of American people (thank you Democrats) want to do the opposite.  So instead we are stuck with just the ability to slow them down and keep them from expanding, not removing them completely.

Why does the USA continue to send huge volumes of TAX DOLLARS to the UN and get ZERO in return????  Let the European Union support and host the UN!!!!

This just in: The UN condemns Pakistan for violating the sovereignty of countless countries for allowing terrorists living inside its borders to attack and kill countless innocents in surrounding countries, as well as the U.S. and Europe.  The UN also declared that until Pakistan controls the terrorists on its soil, other countries have a legitimate right to self defense.  The UN also declared that since it is powerless to do anything about this, nobody cares what the impotent, hypocritical UN says.

With trillions in annual deficits why is the state department’s foreign welfare untouchable? Our president is becoming the worlds’ worst terrorist, the only domestic legislation passed to speak of since 2009 is the health care monstrosity, and our foreign policy is non-existent.  We are hoping ourselves into peace. To the hell with the rest of the world; take care of AMERICAN CITIZENS first.

Big brother is watching us all, through drones, web cam, I pods, cell phones, cameras,satellites and soon if not already through television. There is no end to it and it's gettingworse.

What money did the UN use to fund this secret investigation...thats right it was US money

'The tribal leaders said innocent tribesmen were often mistakenly targeted by drones because they were indistinguishable from Taliban militants'. Maybe that's the problem.

No waterboarding but arbitrary drone attacks ok.  Absurd and hypocritical..

Unfortunately there are casualties in war. The Pakistan people do not care when a US soldier is killed. The US should stop aid to "ALL" other countries.

So much for your peaceful president democrats.  I guess "war mongering" Bush who, at least had the balls to claim his actions, wasn't that different.  I have news for all you O'Bama fans, a president is a president nowadays whether its Georgie, Barack, me, you, or anyone else.  They all have blood on their hands and will continue to do so.  Also, kudo's to the UN for checking up on us and using the press the get this out before the "secret, secret" people in the government swallowed it up.  Checks and balances works for a reason and Barack, you just got checked.Funny thing is, if GWB was the one charged with air strikes killing civilians there would be a huge public outcry...But teflon Obama just skates through untouched.

increase the drones,,i thought bin laden used to live there,,,,,,bomb them often and daily

If the civilians are harboring the enemy of our country.... They are not innocent

And they want to use drones on us.

What a brilliant political move by Obama! He can fulfill his campaign promise to the American people by pulling American troops out of Afghanistan, and still kill innocent civilians from the comfort of the Oval Office. At the same time, he can say he has the support of the Pakistani government to kill off trouble-making Pakistani citizens. What a win-win! Pakistan doesn't have to pay a cent to kill off their political rivals (the U.S. does it for them), and in exchange, Obama gets to look like a hero when he gets the intel into where Bin Laden is hiding. And the American people swallow it hook, line &amp; sinker. Or at least they will until one of those drones takes out a guy in Boise, ID who happened to be carrying his fully-registered handgun while walking through the parking lot on his way into the Home Depot.

The whole world is F'ed.

Who at the UN authorized or requested this "study"  Who the heck is this Emmerson guy, what is his agenda?  Who is Imtiaz Gul and what is his  Centre for Research and Security Studies?  Where are the names of the government officials who said that they believe the drone attacks are a violation of their sovereignty?  Are they counting as civilians those individuals that supported and assisted the members of the Taliban?  Shoddy journalism, I could have read a better researched and written article in the local high school paper.

First, hang out with the wrong people, sooner or later you'll find yourself in a bad situation!Second, stop all foreign aid, tighten our borders, and let them resolve their own issues.  They have been fighting since the time of Christ, doubt if we can convince them otherwise.

one  civilian is two many

Yeah and O'bama Bin Laden is going to unleash drones on US soil, hmmmm.hahhaaa..after decades of decimating pakis...who cares..???

You condone our support behind closed doors but talk #$%$ about us to your public. GFY, Pakistan.

Violate Pakistan's sovereignty? I'm sorry, but no country has sovereignty if its overran by militants and terrorists who harbors people like Osama Bin Laden. The very reason we went to war in Afghanistan...for harboring terrorists. Which the UN was fine with it then. Pakistan needs to control its territories and have the control of its people. Only then sovereignty should be legitimate.

We will never know the truth about this issue anyway. was going into Cambodia in The Viet Nam "Conflict"??,......... any different other  than the technology?The  reality is that we could stay  there for 10 more years and  never win what? that war? It isn't even a legal war. There are neccessary steps to be taken in washington before declaring a war and they havent been used in the  last 3 Conflicts. We need to stop policing the  world on borrowed money that is only benefeiting the  giant Corporations such as Haliburton,,.. the  same Corporation that Cheney was CEO of before becoming Bush's "go to guy" and one fromer Secretary of State resigned from Haliburton before he could accept his post. It is a dangerous world but really,.... havent we been  in Afgahnistan long enough??

Pull out of that are any country that doesn't want us there and let them fend for themselves,no military help no more of our billions of tax dollars screw them....

Welcome to the New World Order

When one thinks about the federal government's lack of respect of sovereignty whether it be Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Columbia or Panama, it is an old worn out subject that few people even understand the important meaning of the word. The US respects the sovereignty of nobody.Sadly the largest scale violation of sovereignty by the US governmet is against the American citizen. You as an American citizen are the sovereign, not subject but try telling that to the bureaucracy.  Good luck.

Kind of a touchy issue.  We did declare that we would hunt down terrorists no matter where they are around the world, but at the same time the United States does not have the right to violate another countries sovereignty without either a declaration of war on that nation or their permission.  At this point if we apparently have neither, Pakistan would be entirely justified in launching strikes against the US in retaliation if they should so choose.  No government should ever have to stand by while their citizens are killed by another nation without provocation or declaration of war.

The UN is a "JOKE" 1st and foremost. If the UN is not a JOKE then stand-up and enforce the sanctions that have been put in place on North Korea and also Iran. If not UN sit down and #$%$.

Fine, You don't want our help, you don't get our help. ANY help. No money, no supplies, No troop trainers, not a bloody thing. Let the middle east continue the fight that they have been fighting for over 2000 years. Bring our servicemen home and prepare to protect this country.To hell with the sandbox. Watch them carefully. Allies indeed.....Where was Osama? hmmmmm....The US government ignores the rights of its own people, why would any other country think they would get different treatment?

Funny...tell them when countries stop harboring terrorists we will respect their sovereignty a little bit more!

My first impression is that the UN said it, so as far as I'm concerned it's useless information. Who cares what the UN says or does? The better or best solution is to be energy independent and not need to import a drop of oil or anything else from this part of the world. A viable Energy Policy" is what the US needs. One based on realistic solutions. The alternate sources are fine, as ALTERNATE sources but not our primary source. Solar, etc are not cost effective yet. People pushing them as the only source we should pursue either don't have our long-term interests at heart, or are fooling themselves that the average american can afford them. Even though natural gas is carbon-based, it is CLEAN, cheap, and we have lots of it. Keep the money and the jobs here. And get out of those foreign entanglements ol' George warned us about.

It's time the UN took its offices to another country...  Am sure that we could find a better use for all the space they are taking up in NY.

Pakistans Special Operations forces are providing the targeting for these strikes, so if Pakistan is giving the US coordinates to air strike on civilians I'm not really sure how they can come out and complain about it after the fact. Just government propaganda trying to take the heat off of themselves at home.

Obama should be tried as war criminal. Bush and Chaney along with him.

Pakistan privately uses US and publicly denies that they stand with the US. The Pakistan government are traitors to their own people, so please dont blame the US, blame the hypocratic Pakistan Government who uses US for money, shame on them.

All those Liberals out there claiming to care about the children being killed in war and their Liberal god is the one doing all the killing. Liberals are so stupid that it is actually funny.

Cool.  Now the UN can issue a report about how Pakistan's state sponsorship of the Taliban, Al Qaida, and Lashkar e Taiga interfere with with Afghan, US, and Indian sovereignty.

pakistan, a country with great potential.. but #$%$ by its politicians, mullahs and outside powersWhen will the UN begin an investigation into the civilian killings by the Taliban and declare them illegal?

it is time to ask america to pay compensation or toll entry to pakistan.

In reply towards this investigation that US Drones violating Pakistani Air Sovereignty to kill Islamic extremist, Susan Rice the United States Ambassador to the United Nations responded to these UN alligations with .......Duhh!

Terrorists aren't the same as a military, almost all terrorists are civilians.  Therefore there are going to be civilian casualties when we engage terrorists.  F the UN.

You forget to write: "ALLEGED US drones"

Why are all the Obama haters also terrorist sympathizers. I guess they just hate America.

If 10,000 Pakistanis had been killed it would be a good deal, a dead Muslim is  a good Muslim.

Duhhhhh!!!!! Now what are the limp nations going to DO about it? They let the #$%$ invade many countries before they finally did something.

Republicans are approaching things with the "If we can't have it, no one can have it", attitude. They need to stop helping the terrorists by continually attacking this Country, Its Government, Its People and Our President. It was good enough for Bush but when there is a Democrat in office, its not a good thing. But it there was a Republican President, they would jump right on the band wagon again. They don't care about this country or anyone in it but themselves.

Move the UN to Pakistan then. Withdrawal all funding to Pakistan and let them to their demise. Oh and send a few of their 50,000+ illegal immigrants home that have overstayed their visas.As President, Obama has killed more civilians than Bush did as President.

Honor sovereignty by not invading nations when it has nothing to do with our DEFENSE, which is what our men and women sign up for.  We should be taking care of our own and bringing our troops home not flying remote control planes of death over other nations and paying trillions to rebuild our effups.

UN = USNow #$%$!!!USA #1

How horrible that we the USA are killing innocent citizens with these haphazrd drone strikes. Enough with the murder. Either go to war or get out of their country. Quit playing video games. We need to concentrate on our own problems within our own borders. We have been setting a bad example for the world the last 20yrs....

This is a 2 way street we wouldnt want uninvited violateing our airspace with drones why set a low standard inviteing them to act like us?

why would Condi Rice go to UK just one month after 911 &amp; asked for their support to attack Iraq?. Has anyone read our jewish master "Paul Wolfowitz's Doctrine". 9 out of 10 guys at pentagon &amp; WH who took us to Iraq were jews. Any questions. next is Syria &amp; Iran. How could American people be in so dark ??.

let the UNgovernment stay out of the business of the United States.  Kick them out.

Did UN say anything when the atomic bomb were dropped in Japan? How many innocent japanese civilians were killed? Or simply the lifes of the Japanese people are cheaper than others?

A drone a day keep porkistani terrorists away.

Dr. Martin Luther: I have a dream!Obama: I have a drone!For all of you saying "Where is the left on this one?" Google it. The left is always holding it's leaders accountable. Obama is constantly getting grief from the "liberal media" over drone strikes. if you turn off Fox and turn on any other network you will see this...its a....Fact.(Something Foreign to most posting on this thread)

People fighting to kick Amerikans out are terrorist, But the same people trying to kick Syrian president are "freedom fighters" !!!!. No one cares what Amerika says. Ameika is not relevant in the world . Read what EX-CIA &amp;MI5 Agents have to say about 911. CNN or FOX will not invite them to talk. US, Israel coordinated to "do nothing" . They knew before hand about the strike. Remember those "5 Dancing Jews". They admitted that they were Mosad agents.

who dares to mess with the mighty US...sovereignty my butttt...we are the decider.....

Read his statement. This idiot is just mouthing what Pakistanis told him.

I can tell you how to reduce the civilian casaulties to nil. Stop removing the weapons and military dress and any other identifying articles from the militants person after they are killed.

More hypocrisy from the US people and the US government.

of course we do violate their sovereignty. Can you imagine a foreign nation sending a hellfire missile into a cafe in NY? If not, then why, what is the difference? We are the bigger jerks?

But the UN oks Obama to use them to kill Americans well they sleep!

peace1999 PLAN and PLOT of WAR of TERROR not 2001 nor 2003 it was in 1999 video TREASON of CIVIL OATH of OFFICE

peaceMILITARY of USA went AWOL in 2007 WAR FINISHED commander Junior BushUnder the control of Israel and the (J)ewish lobbies, America has become the number one terrorists nation in the world.   Why should (j)ewish organization and Israeli interests dominate our government?

Its great isn't it, More muslim extremists gone off the face of the world. Like getting out of bed every morning, walking out on the porch in your robe and sipping on a nice fresh cup of coffee, enjoying life!  Instead of waking up every day looking forward to 70 virgins somewhere in HLL!

Oh no, the UN doesn't approve?!  Maybe they should kick us out........

drones are obama's "drive by" ... he learned it in chicago.

If the gov can't be killing over there they will start killing over here.Drone attacks on school children walking to school.Barry's law drone attacks on US citizens.PLEASE no stupid comments.The truth is just what it is.The truth.

F Pakistan. They harbored Bin Laden for years.

Bring the Troops home , no more aid for these #$%$, let them kill each other off

Is anyone else sick and tired of the nagging needy whiney UN?

Probably saved many U.S. lifes, but go ahead and #$%$ about it.

"I say let the PRESIDENT be the presidnt" is'nt this is why we re-elected him? It is not likely he is going to do any thing wrong nor illegal, the man is a lawyer one of the finest Harvard ever produced, so let us step back a pace or two and give him room to work.Its not easy being the president when all the hard decisions land on your desk and the last word is his and he has proven he is capable of handling all that come before him even through all of theclutter he has to hear from evey sector of the country, last night I heard there are some BLACKSwho are complaining about there is'nt enough black being appointed to positions, I would like to state right here it is not about appointments, its appoint the best personell for the jobs.In time past I am old enough to remember bad appointments because they look like me or they are my race, like in the previous administration where the prez stated BROWNNIE you are doing a hella-va-job, when BROWNNIE was as much qualified for that job as a DUCK but this guy jump over many qualified BLACKS to pick someone of his RACE and KIND "RICH".For instance in choosing BUSH should have never pick CHANEY for vice prez,, he should have pickALLEN KEYS who is and was much more smarter than #$%$ CHANEY a clear cut case of putting the wrong people in wrong positions, another instance of MY KIND OF PEOPLE. What a mess.Ok let's not use drone attacks any longer and just go back to carpet bombing like in WWII.  Would you like that better UN?

It looks bad...All the comments are Blocked by the Administrator.....Zionist Media Conditioning....Your Cost &amp; Loss.

US drones violate your sovereignty, whether you live in Pakistan, or Iowa.

anyone add up all the women and kids kills by usa drones??--we are always paying off their deaths!1

WE need to pull all of our troops out of the middle east. All of these countries are disgusting and do not deserve any protection at all from anyone. They like to kill and will continue to kill just for the sake of their ignorant leader and Koran. Enough of our troops dying for their BULLS\H\I\T!

pakistan is harboring terrorists and until they stop, we will be there to bomb the #$%$ out of them

Just as Vietnam, troops in Cambodia were called out when the NVA were being slautered in another country. Now the these terriost run across a border and protected by another country who at one time, behind our backs, were our allies protecting these people they  swore to fight against.

Henry A Kissinger won the Nobel Peace Prize , but outside the US he is far better known as Dr Death , wonder what snappy title the last US winner will get in time .

The more dangerous an enemy, the more extreme the measures to kill him.  What part of war doesn't the UN understand?  The UN has been ineffective for years now.  More of a hinderance than a help.  Time to say, no thanks, now please leave, we are no longer going to support your worthelss organization.

It's sad that so many people are quick to say "take em out" cuz they blv in all that b.s that they have brainwashed people to blv..sure, there are terrorists but to kill innocent people becuz someone "may" be a terrorist threat is insane and inhumane..it's a shame that we have become a nation of no morals, no ethics and no nurturing ways..violence only begets violence..and what's sad is most people know..what goes around comes around..and pretty soon we will have drones in our skies and be even losing more of our privacy rights..our country is goin' downThe UN is nothing but a criminal organization that can't accomplish anything! Think of Syria, North Korea, Iran!

I like the idea of stopping the drone attacks and "aid." I'm sure it won't bring Pakistan anymore trouble as it is not doing any good to the country itself, but, the corrupt politicians. Let the corruption end by stopping aid. Hopefully at least the innocent people's life would be guaranteed.

I was originally going to write a lengthy response; but after reading what other have commented on; I agree with the majority.  If we pull back on drone strikes in their borders; then we should also remove funding to support the government of the Pakistan.Let Pakistan fight the militants; since the militants are already slaying Pakistan people.  Then we can focus on the border area of Afghanistan; and get the militants that do cross the border and attempt to harm our troops.At the same time I also think that our troops need to pulled from Afghanistan since there appears that the current president of Afghanistan will do what it takes to appease the militants (politics). We are wasting money on a government and people that has defeated many "Super Powers" ie Russia. and now us.

And how many civilians would be killed if we dropped the bomb on them?I swear one day we are going to be calling it the "radiation zone".

Get the h out and let them dumb a  holes kill each other. They have nothing better to do. There will never be peace over there. Its a waste of our money and time.The war has put us so far in dept. I think they won

Pakis with a sovereignty this would be like monkeys having a king.

According the own CIA, the 9/11 was a blow back from having CIA covert operations like bombing and drone strikes in Arab territory..maybe the U.S. cant wait to have another 9/11...

It's okay....our guy has a peace prize

The UN might have a leg to stand on, if Pakistan had control over there own territory. As long as they don't we will keep the peace

The U.N. takes the word of a government that claims they didn't know Osama Bin Laden was hiding in their country for years. Love it.First they hide Bin Laden, now we are destroying the rest of OUR ENEMY that they are protecting,They made their bed now they must lie in it.protect our enemy and you are our enemy too.Have no mercy on them until they are all destroyed !

Pakistan harbors terrorists who violated our countries sovereignty when they attacked the United States. Besides, there isn't any such thing as a civilian in Pakastan or Afghanistan. They use woman and children as suicide bombers. Most adult males don't go anywhere without an AK47 strapped around their chest. Their fighters hold meetings in civilian homes and involve their families or use them as shields against attack, Then when they all get blown to bits, they want to cry for sympathy. The ridiculous part is the ignorant pacifists in this world who are foolish enough to fall for their tactics.

Pro-Zionists US Govt. can never be pro-Humanity...

We have a keen competitive edge with these trick drone aircraft. This technology kept our pilots and special ops out of harms way &amp;  they have been our trump card when it comes to targeting the El Queda terrorists and taliban warriors. Drones have been a gamechanger!  I bet Bin Laden was scared shitless of them.  He saw them &amp; what they were bringing. I say In war use them- but not in our airspace I'm not quite ready for that lol

Its murder and you know it

It's amazing to me that Libs are OK with this (or at least say nothing against it), even though possible innocent lives are lost.  Yes they cry and howl when the Bush admin made a few terrorists uncomfortable in Gitmo.

So why hasn't the World Court indicted the person ordering the drone strikes?Perhaps it's still in awe of his Nobel Peace Prize.

Welcome to the NWO and the Agenda 21, small arms treaty and other non Constitutional stuff the UN (and Obama) are trying to put down our throat's.

What is the ratio of Pakistan civilians that equel one american civilian? Like 50/1 or 75/1  not sure :\

Why don't we fly a few drones around the UN?From what I see of Pakistan, the Taliban have friends with nukes...

to hell with the un. kick them out and do more money for their programs.

Get the UN the H out of the United States and vice versa.

If Pakistan doesn't help us fight our war, then quite giving them economic aid.  Put the our money to better use like our military defense system.

AMERICA #$%$ YEA!!!

These people murder little girls condone brutal treatment of women and would not hesitate  to take you out if you were in there space. Yes islam at its best its a disease waiting everywhere it is allowed to fester. They just burned a Christian church again.

First President to apply for college aid as a foreign student, then deny he was a foreigner.First President to have a social security number from a state he has never lived in.First President to preside over a cut to the credit-rating of the United States.First President to violate the War Powers Act.First President to be held in contempt of court for illegally obstructing oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico.First President to defy a Federal Judge’s court order to cease implementing the Health Care Reform Law.First President to require all Americans to purchase a product from a third party.First President to spend a trillion dollars on ‘shovel-ready’ jobs when there was no such thing as ‘shovel-ready’ jobs.First President to abrogate bankruptcy law and turn over control of major companies to his union supporters.First President to by-pass Congress and implement the Dream Act through executive fiat.First President to order a secret amnesty program that stopped the deportation of illegal immigrants across the U.S., including those with criminal convictions.First President to demand a company hand-over $20 billion to one of his political appointees.First President to terminate America’s ability to put a man in space.First President to have a law signed by an auto-pen without being present.First President to arbitrarily usurp congress, declare an existing law unconstitutional and refuse to enforce it.First President to threaten insurance companies if they publicly spoke-out on the reasons for their rate increases.First President to tell a major manufacturing company in which State they are allowed to locate a factory.First President to join with a foreign country and file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect (AZ, WI, OH, IN).First President to fire an inspector general of Ameri-corps for catching one of his friends in a corruption case.First President to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office.First President to golf 73 separate times in his first two and a half years in office.First President to hide his medical, educational and travel records.First President to win a Nobel Peace Prize for doing NOTHING to earn it.First President to go on multiple global ‘apology tours’.First President to go on 17 lavish vacations, including date nights and Wednesday evening White House parties for his friends; paid for by the22 personal servants (taxpayer funded) for his wife.First President to keep a dog trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense.First President to repeat the Holy Qur'an and tell us the Islamic call to worship is the most beautiful sound on earth.

So, what's your point?

once the U.S.A. government p----s off enough countries we here at home are going to be holding our a----s because the world is going to come down on them and well be forced to pay for it

Obama will be so afraid to pull the trigger on the Americans unless they are dark skinnedwith long beards .Another example of the USELESS NATIONS at work.

So lemme get this striaght, Obama has been whackin muslims like they're goin out of style. First people were accusin him of being a muslin/christian/black nationalist and that he was gonna pave the way for a muslim revolution led by Rev. Jeremiah Wright. Now they're sayin that he's being too cruel to the muslims and terrorists in general...

Screw the u.n., they are the poster child for hypocrisy and incompetence. They're also a very stupid body. Example; the u.n. Actually thinks it can over rule americas constitution, our bill of rights, our declaration of independence..  i agree with grunt

So mostly he said she said, but note the "we don't want you (in public), but please come here to use our bases for drone strikes (in private)". I don't believe EITHER side is telling the WHOLE truth and as much as I hate to do it, I'll side with the "O'blamer in chief" on this one. Screw all the haters and terrorists no matter WHO sponsors them or arms them. Screw all the government officials who do thing blatently wrong then try to make them seem right or cover them up. If they are a threat to our boys kill them no matter WHERE they are. If you harbor terrorists you ARE a terrorist.

Why are so many comments beig blocked

I'd rather NUKE that #$%$ HOLE

personally I think Pakistan should kick the U.S out of there and handle things on their own.

WalMart sells drones.

No big deal just family and sympathizers of terrorist , and every now and than collateral damage and that is what happens in real WAR. OH J.M.O.

Don't be surprised if there is another 9/11.  Don't blame it on Iran if there is.  Blame it on our Foreign Policy.  Don't blame Pakistan if they do a 9/11 on us.  Bin Laden attacked us because we had our nose in the middle east.  Get out and mind our own business and we will be much better off.  Bin Laden told us he would attack if we didn't get off his turf.  Then we act all #$%$ off because someone attacked us. Get a clue.I love this country and I'm all for kicking the Talibans arzzes but, and this is probably not going to be very popular with you all.  An innocent person killed, just one is not acceptable.  It is government sanctioned Murder!

Bring our troops home, in fact, we need to be occupying and sending drone strikes against congress and the senate. Stop ALL foreign aid, seal the borders indefinately for the moment and let's get ourselves organized. Bring back public beheading and send the CEO's of ANY business with bank accounts in bermuda to the scaffolds FIRST. Reinstate the death penalty as an automatic consequence for rape and pedophilia so long as there is absolute proof of guilt. Shut down Blizzard so we have 10 million americans that no longer spend 20 hours a day on their #$%$ being lazy. Ban pink slime and let's get this country back on it's own two feet!

Back on 911 how many innocent people died when the Muslim militants use plains as drones with innocent people on board them as drones.  It was more than 3 thousand

tell them to give up the terrorists then they won't have to worrie otherwise they are all guilty.

Is anyone else tired of hearing the word "slam" in news headlines? "Obama slams GOP budget", "ACLU slams this", "Netanyahu slams that". A lot of the "slamming" isn't anything more than a verbal disagreement. That and "blast". I don't know about anyone else, but I think those are the sorriest headline words you could ever use for news.

And the real truth about the drone war.....It's all based on the absolute LIE of 9/11....Actually done by Israel and our Jewish occupied government. Let us know when the drones are sent after Israel and our Jewish hijacked government....then we would know we have the first legitimate drone strikes....as opposed to killing 8 year old children in Pakistan.

If these cowards a holes plan attacks on US interests and go hide in populated areas, how the hell do you kill them without inflicting a few casualties? We should limit the loss of innocent lives whenever it is feasible. But let it be known that we will find you and we will kill you.

As far as the Obama administration is concerned, if they have guns, they are terrorists.  That includes gun owners in this country.

This all a bunch of BS to placate the Pakistani people, who are mostly illiterate and uneducated.. And to keep them from starting a civil war... The UN and the Pakistani government publicly condemn the US drone strikes (to sooth the savages).. And then secretly allow them.. And the US government doesn't care what a bunch of ignorant tribal elders think... As long as we win the Whack-a-Mole, who cares...

Obama or Osama, they're both killers.Up yours UN !!!! You are a totally worthless corrupt organization, a giant circle jerk !Pakistan has no sovereignty in that part of the country, to be sovereign you need to have a structure of govt - instead you have criminals ( To call them Taliban or Al-Queda is pointless, they have nothing to do with the One God -they are just organized criminals.

if they don't want us there then we should just leave, think about it, would we like it if another country was flying drones over the US to kill terrorists and if a few civilians got killed in the process would we look the other way?

The reason they hate it is because it works...The same reason they consider the Osama Bin Laden strike illegal...Ask any tribal leader in there, and they would tell U the Twin Tower incident was a gift from god....DRONE "EM TILL THEY DROP!

Stop sending money to countries that hate us... let them hate us for free!The hell with them ,nuke them all!

Sending them our money violates our sovereignity too

time to wipe out the pc of the world!

I wonder if the AP reporter actually understands the definitional difference between a "civilian" and "citizen"........HUUUGE difference.

Shame, so many of my fellow Americans support this politically motivated murder and mayhem and will now cry as our chickens our coming home to roost. Haven't looked at Wikileaks, Amnesty International, etc..  Then they complain about taxes going up and fail to realize that the politicians supporting the drone bombing abroad, don't care about their constituents here at home and are using drones over here.It's like all it takes for the absent minded to support those doing the murdering is to label someone a terrorist or a criminal. The same is slowly happening here when so many of our veterans and true patriots are being labeled subversives, mentally unfit, crazy conspiracy nuts. The examples are all around. Those who do it to others with no conscience will do it to you as well, so laugh while you can...

All those drone strikes and they only killed 400 #$%$'s.....No XBOX medal for you guys.

Blame the Chinese. we are probably outsourcing the drone pilot jobs to them like the rest of our jobs.Anyone else notice the MSM rarely mentions civilian casualties due to drone strikes authorized by Obama?  If a republican were to be president, MSM would have a field day calling republicans evil.

ya just can't please everybody

All of the people that are outraged and should be from all of the shootings here in America should be equally outraged in hearing this!

Shut the #$%$ up.

The USA makes wars so it has a reason to use drones. The USA will also find excuses to use drones on its own people.No privacy or peace left for USA. We will soon understand what other countries have been going through for a long time.

only 400 damn .. we can do better then that .. equip them with nukes ...Pakistan is not are friend or ally.

Oh the secrets we keep!!!!!

What a bunch of #$%$! Pakistan doesn't want us killing their buddies! Why do you think they let the murdering thugs in their country in the first place? Because they pay taxes and contribute to the growth of Pakistan? Hell no its because they are just like and related to the murdering thugs running Pakistan!! The leaders of America responsible for the billions of TAXPAYER'S money should be arrested , fined, and exiled from the USA for the grossly corrupted mishandling,with reckless disregard for whats good for America immediately!! They are completely derelict in their duties and incompetent!! We need all our military men and women out of all these criminally corrupt countries NOW!

The drones are to thereto clear the way for more OIL pipelines planned in that area. Its all about MONEY ladies and gentlemen. Not to stop terrorists

Fly the drones over the White House were the terrorist are living.As much of a joke as the UN has become, they're absolutely right here in being concerned about the program, which Obama has expanded many times over from Bush's use of drones.  Yet Americans could care less because Obama is simply "not Bush".  Pathetic.

I can not believe people saying 911 was completely carried out by Bin laden even after EX-CIA &amp; MI5 agents testified ( no they were jailed for telling the truth&amp; Hollywood will not make a movie ) . Just search on youtube or online. CNN &amp; FOX will not tell you.

Impeach Obama boy.  The USA. has lost it's Sovereignty.

You can't make an omelet without breaking some eggs.

If Pakistan would keep their own house clean and quit harboring terrorist we wouldn't need to send in drones. We begged them for years to help.

Yaa Mon, when the Pakis violate the sovereignty of the Afghans and Indians then the UN is quiet. Payback is a (b)(i)(t)(c)(h), tsk tsk tsk.

F them PIGS

Us govt lies? You dont say...... Obama has blown up alot of innocent children with drones.  The USA keeps creating new enemies for itself. Maybe we should try minding our own business for once

I am FULL american...BUT I honestly feel the united states government is really beginning to overstep it's bounds. They have our nose/foot in too many other countries business, pretty much Demanding those countries live their lives by our rules. I understand the world needing a joint effort in needing world leadership but the US is sticking it's nose into too damn many peoples lives where it shouldnt be. The US in itself may be the cause...the reason and the one that start the next world war. IF we were one of these other countries we sure as hell would not want another country telling us how we better live.

let me guess it`s bush`s fault right?,,its just target practice for when he brings them back here....coming soon to a neighborhood near YOU!!!!

They are practicing for when they have to use them in the US.

Aren't constant BLATANT LIES an IMPEACHMENT offense????

Why are they blocking those comments is it racist?

Terrorists based in Pakistan reularly violate Afghani sovereignty. Those terrorists have ties to the terrorists that committed the 9/11 atrocity. That was a tremendous violation of our sovereignty. But apparently sheltering terrorists and allowing them to mount operations from your soil makes you sacrosanct and your sovereignty supreme.

Hey if Obama doen't mind considering drones against American citizens, then Pakistan and other countries don't have a prayer in hell!!!!!!!

400 civilian deaths. Who's going on trial?

There is no sovereignty violations unless there are Pakistanis DRONE shooting back at our military bases first.

Nice try, Emmerson.  You do the UN a huge disservice.  Diplo-legally speaking, too, you are not allowed to communicate Pakistani government concerns to the UN; doing so could be viewed as usurping their government's right to communicate to the UN Security Council directly -- ie, usurping their sovereignty.  The internationally recognized government of Pakistan, a UN member state, has every right to make a complaint, and they have a diplomat in New York for that purpose.  While you may have an opinion on the matter, after talking to whoever you talked to, it is inappropriate in your UN civil servant role to announce and publicize your opinion without authorization.

I would like to kill two birds with one stone. First, the debate on using drones in US air space. I think we should test using the drones on American soil. Second, the UN is full of S*H*Y*T and is located in the US. Combine the two, use the drones on the UN in New York.See if it sloves either or both problems.If this #$%$ hole nation has such a problem with drone strikes, than why not cut the #$%$ out and stop hiding and protecting terrorists. Pakistan is no better than the terrorists in action by hiding them. The rest of the world is trying to rid terrorists and Pakistan and almost every other Muslim nation supports these animalistic ways. How about agreeing with society and acting civilized and DRONE strikes will NOT happen. If the Pakastani government had any control or tolerance of their nation then situations like this wouldn't happen. Pakistan has nothing to complain about. Stop protecting terrorists and acting like you didn't know, because we all know its BS. Take some action against terrorism and Pakistan will have nothing to worry about.

I'm not much concerned by anything the UN does, since who can believe their sincerity.

lol.  Every single republican and democrat on Yahoo! is either dumb, uninformed or a troll.You show me a reasonable party advocate and i'll show you a hypocrite.

UN: let pakistan have terrorists if they want.

Drones are very nice people when you get to know them.

Earth just needs to blow up and end because right now all people want to do is fight for power, argue over stupid things, say they did this we did that, complain who is flying what where, and so on.

Sovereignty is the number one thread to the US government.Any country that claims its sovereignty is labled "crazy", "aggressive", etc.The same thing is happening to the American people right now, only most of them don't know it.

Nobel Peace Prize winner huh???

Can anyone remember the drone attacks of 9-11 in NYC? How many U S civilian were killed during that attack. War is about selling weapons and making big profits. Remember the words "industrial complex"!!!!

Emmerson stated he has met with Pakistani officials and they state they want the drone strikes to stop.  I agree, just as soon the Pakistani government either goes after, or does joint operations with the U.S. to go after the Taliban militants who make cross-border attacks against the U.S. military in Afghanistan. My thought is, if drones can save the lives of our military, then use 'em.These things violate much more than sovereignty......!! They violate just about every right to freedom know to man...............

Pakistan's sovereignty? Are you kidding me?

"It is time for the international community to heed the concerns of Pakistan, and give the next democratically elected government of Pakistan the space, support and assistance it needs to deliver a lasting peace on its own territory without forcible military interference by other states," said Emmerson.Well, when the current "democratically elected government of Pakistan" looks like they're at least trying for peace and trying to hunt the terrorists in their country...maybe the US will try to stop sending drones in...

Down with the drone attacks! Pretty soon, maybe these drones will be flying over America!

us foreign aid policy - subvert the locals by bribing the gov't to allow companies to exploit  their natural resources - then when the locals get #$%$, dump more bribe money to the powerful who will then suppress the locals - when that doesn't work, dump more money on a different group, who will topple the formerly powerful and, who will then suppress the locals - foreign aid money does nothing for the american people but it make those us corporations plenty until the scheiss hits the fan - spend the money here, not supporting corporations who exploit everything and muck up the place -

Un must ask. Pakistan to stp training eqipping theterrorsts and send them to neighbouring countries. Where did we find the most dreaded terrorist.

As long as Pakistan harbors, trains, and supports the Taliban and al-Qaida fighters in Afghanistan, as well as serves as the primary route of Heroin from Afghanistan to the rest of the world....they BEG us to use our drones to hunt and kill these people that attack and kill our people.

Sure, by this time next year the gov't will be using drones to monitor NRA rifle matches and people bring weapons into their homes. We have no one to lame but ourselves. OBama started it and we will have to find a way to stop, disregarding anything Feinstein says, would probably yield a true finding.

U.N. = UN-NEEDED!

so that would make all the civilians killing by drones terrorist attacks right?if you are that sovereign of a country why not take out the terrorists that arestationed in your country  first and then talk about us attacks ??

What do you call 400 dead civilian towel heads?............  A good start!

There is a "strange" misconception that a drone does it's own targeting of intended targets.  Be fully aware that there are measures in place that insure the identity of all drone targets and that they are a real and present danger to the people and/or interests of the United States of America.  When the command to terminate is sent to a drone, it is in essence, no more than a relay to "pull the trigger".  There are many advantages to the use of drones.  Pakistan is a very hypocritical nation.  They want to enjoy the funding and protection of the United States but at the same time provide an environment that is conducive to the goals of terrorists.

Um doesn't Pakistan get 3 Billion a year from USA. Aren't they also the nation that housed Enemy number 1 Bin Laden? They need to shut up.

Where's the UN report about the Pakistani government supporting the Taliban?

Some Facts about Pakistan1: Pakistan has the second largest Muslim population in the world. It is second to Indonesia.2: More than 60 languages are spoken in Pakistan. English is the official language of Pakistan and is used in government.3: 96% of the population are Muslims. Just over 1.5% are Christians.4: Pakistan has the sixth largest military force in the world.5: Pakistan have cold, dry winters and hot, wet summers.6: Despite once being called the world’s most dangerous country in a British magazine (The Economist), the tourism industry is growing in Pakistan.7: The official and national sport of Pakistan is field hockey. Cricket, however, is the most popular sport. The national side won the ICC World Cup in 1992.8: Pakistan qualified for the Golf World Cup for the first time in 2009.9: One goal of the current government is to see the literacy rate reach at least 85% over the next few years.10: About 1.7 million refugees from Afghanistan live in Pakistan.11: Pakistan became an Islamic republic in 1956.12: In 1971, there was a civil war in East Pakistan that led to the creation of Bangladesh. 13: Pakistan is the first Islamic country to attain nuclear power.14: Pakistan is the second largest Muslim country, after Indonesia.15: The worlds second and ninth highest mountains , The K2 and Nanga-parbat, are in Pakistan16: Pakistan has the worlds second largest #$%$ Muslim population.17: Pakistan founded the Organization of Islamic Conference.18: Pakistan’s capital, Islamabad is one of the few planned capital cities in the world, and is often cited as one of the most beautiful ones.19: In the last five years, Pakistan’s literacy rate has grown by 250%, the largest increase in any country to date20: Despite Muslim Majority, there are 656 gurdwaras and 327 active Hindu temples in the country.

If the UN feels so strongly about this, the US should cease all foreign aid and  withdraw ALL troops from Afghanistan and Pakistan IMMEDIATELY.  Then the UN should where its mouth is, and see to it that the world is rid of terrorists AND protect the US from future terrorist activity. Good luck going it on your own. America is weary of being the World's Protector and Provider!

#$%$ pakistan and #$%$ the u.n.

If we are going to fight a war there let's fight it to win otherwise buitk a fence and fill it with pigs and come home!

my drone is bigger than your droneALSO,80 times united nation said Israel is guilty, but US said not guilty,read more  our crime1981 Israel and USA arm dealers helped Saddam Hossein to make 8 year war on IranONE MILLION (1000000)IRANIAN DIED OR INJURED AND 100S OF BILION damaged TO COUNTRY,arm dealers Take 36 billion JUST from Saudi Arabia(AS Soudi Arabia finance manager said)with that money we could 6000000(six million)water wells TO FEED THE WORLD AND MAKE EARTH BEAUTIFUL ,MY PEOPLE, NOW DO YOU SEE THE EVIL

the space, support and assistance it needs to deliver a lasting peace on its own territory without forcible military interference by other states. It's no fun when we kill them in your house? It's no fun when you let them train and equip in your house and send them to ours to blow it up.

How the plan to deploy drones on African land, isn't that gonna violet the African countries' sovereignty? please consider dropping double standard policies.

Time the US Government practices MYOB. Unless it is vital to the defense of our nation, get the f out of other countries affairs. Not our biz if Egypt does X or Libya does Y. MYOB.

isnt this report a little too late?!?!

where was Bin Laden killed?  Pakistan.  They harboured him as well as many nother terrorists.  THEY have no sovereignty. They give safe haven to terrorists.

here we go agin.This country of ours is headed down the wrong path agin.We strike then deny we did anything wrong to someone else. WE all know our country is crooked as the day is long and if we think they can lie and get away with it thats our gov for you.We  have blamed others for things in this country that  other countrys didn't do just so we can go start awar.WE  our the bullies of the world and people in this country just don't want to see it nor believe it.WAKE UP U.S.A people before we are all shot.WE are not cattle led to slader but we all act like we are.

400 civilians killed and now they want to make it legal to use them on citizen combatants on us soil!?!  Thank you Rand Paul!

If you sleep with dogs you will wake up with fleas. In this case you won't wake at all. Go drones

Maybe Pakistan should stop harboring terrorist then.Lets use drones the Obama administration, pull our guys from all these countries that care less about the US and start over.

Drones are the enemy of mankind. They remind me of the robots war movies. Except they are planes no one can hear until it is too late.

Remember after WWII when the German civilians claimed they 'didn't know' anything about the Holocaust, and how Americans (Allies) claimed it didn't matter, that war crimes are war crimes? Guess whose chickens have come home to roost?

F UN

Give us money! Death to America! Give us aid! Death to America! Seems to be the only chant that these countries know. They want everything we have and want to kill us...hmmm. If a country that calls us their ally, but then harbors the a world wide terrorist and his cohorts within their boarders, should not be surprised we are coming into their country to get them. Pakistan has a severe identity problem, Taliban rule some areas and the government seems to become more of a puppet of the Taliban and extreme muslims every day. I hope our government understand soon that giving aid and money to any of these countries is continuing their hatred of the US and helping them kill us.

Hold the  U.S.A. accountable under this President?....Ha Ha Ha Ha .......oh stop it.....Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha

The Pakistanis can stop the drone strikes completely if they kill and or capture the Taliban and Al  Qaida terrorists that are causing us to use them. Simple solution.They are not our allies. Drone on and on and on.

"A major reason why the U.S. has stepped up drone attacks in Pakistan is because it has failed to convince the government to target Taliban militants using its territory to launch cross-border attacks against American troops in Afghanistan."whether Pakistan wants or not to target Taliban militants is not US business. If US is more concern about their troops being target, then pull them out.

This is obviously an inside job by the military industrial complex, God, the Mossad, Free Masons, the Codex Alimentarius, the Bilderberg Group, Obama, the people inside WTC 7, 666, the EU, the Knights Templar, the Rothchilds, false flag operators, the I.M.F.,the Democrats, the grassy knoll, the US Air Force, Giuliani, the Rosicrucians, CIA, the W.H.O., the Rockefellers, the New World Order, CNN, NBC, Area 51, Halliburton, the Illuminati, the Mayan calendar, fluoridation, the W.T.O. and so on. There is absolutely no chance whatsoever that something random and unanticipated can actually happen in life.

Pakistan did a good job hiding OBL. Sovereignty? LmfaoThe UN? Move their HQ out of New York and into Islamabad or Kabul. See how they like it there among the thugs they want to protect from droning. Who needs them anyway?

Here's a thought...Quit harboring these terrorists and maybe the drone attacks will stop.

What about the terrorist we have right here in our own country - commonly referred to as gangs... They kill far more Americans, cause more fear and destruction than any foreign terrorrist could ever hope of causing... Why not use drones on them? Is it because we dare not have civillian casualties in our own backyard?

How many civilians were killed in the world trade center attacks? I think they are way ahead of us in bad karma.

When was it decided that the U.S. should play world police? Bring all our people home and use the money we give these forgien countries to build a better and stronger U.S. Let the american hating forgien countries fend for themselves, all they want is our money, they don't give a damn about the U.S. There are way too many problems here in the U.S. that could be fixed instead of sending billions to those who would kill us soon as we turned our back.

This article is a joke.  As a veteran who served in Iraq I can tell you that it's hard to distinguish good guys from bad guys even after they're dead.  I don't think 400 civilian casualties is a high number.  Nor do I think 200 civilian casualties out of 25 strikes is high.  How many innocent people do you think the Taliban would have killed with 25 of their attacks.  I bet it would be a higher number.  I agree with Grunt and Grandpa Stu.  Screw'em all.  Let them bail their own a$$es out.

To hell with the average joe and his family as long as it does not affect those in congress and their benefits,pay and gratuities

It seems like the UN is planning a charge against the USA soon maybe?I wonder if John McCain and Senator Lindsey were right after all?All of a sudden the USA has no sovereignty over their personal choice for self defense in the world. And just possibly Rand Paul might have been wrong?But the problem is not only  USA sovereignty, but Obama as  the bad leader unable to make good decisions for America's protection, which is the most and only real job of the Presidential  role.

Pakistan either put up or shut up. If you cannot be really commited to doing your job we will do it for you. Who the hell is the u.n. ? (universal nuts)

I say the US should bomb the Pakistani parliament because there is where the real terrorists are. They are the ones who are deceiving not only the Pakistanis but the US as well. Whatever aid the US provides to Pakistan goes to them for buying bulletproof cars, real estate, agricultural land, and god knows what. Not even a single penny is spent on public. US government should better use the hard earned money belonging to its people on its people and not on those filthy, un-educated, double crossing politicians. (I am a proud Muslim but an unproud Pakistani)If they are "indistinguishable from Taliban militants"  how do we know they were really civilians?

Pakistan is NO Ally of the USA. Nuke em till they glow and let God sort em out.

It war the sad truth people get killed always have always will until everyone leaves others to there beliefs and stop trying to put there's on them.

Looks like a militant, talks like a militant, and acts like a militant! I don't know what else you need!! Obviously this u.n team is biased.

This is the only thing I agree with Pres.Soetoro about, Make the sky Black with Drones in the Pakastani Sky.

400 civilians killed in Drone strikes and the UN is concerned you are kidding me how thousands dead in Syria while the UN waits and watches hypocrisie , so to all you nations that need help don't ask us

Though civilians have inevitably been killed in drone strikes (and with other tools of war that are oddly being ignored), I would beg to differ that Pakistan would provide a majority of credible information on the subject.

its war #$%$ happens, but here ill offer an alternative. rather then missles attach a 30mm chain gun to a drone and shoot them with that, now if there are civilians in the car with them to bad, they shoulda choose their friends more careful

These things should be taken out of the sky...period

Well maybe if the Pakistani govt. wasn't stabbing us in the back we wouldn't need to operate without them knowing. And by the way, who cares if 400 civilians are dead, they harbor these barbarian's.I don't hear them complaining about all the money they are getting from the U.S.A.

I can't seem to recall the U.S.A. giving permission for a bunch of dirty terrorists to hijack planes and destroy lives, property and a feeling of being secure...On this one I'm sad to admit that I agree with our President in ramping up strikes...Level the whole country, full of terrorists and people who hate us.   We seem to be the only country who's military decisions are baby-sat by the U.N.  I would have to believe that most of our allies aren't too upset that we are taking out the trash!

Memo to Pakistan:If you actually did something to get rid of the monsters we are targeting, which you could, then we wouldn't have to be sending in drones to do your work for you.  Also if you want to complain then you should probably stop accepting our aid/bribe money, it makes you look a little two-faced.Yours Truly,The CIA/American Military

obama = war criminal

What is scary is how close we seem to be coming to the "Terminator" era.

Are there any laws that Obama does not break?

drone piolits should be on trial for war crimes and murder

Don't get why this is news. The only teeth the UN has are the ones we and our allies provide. Pakistan claimed Bin Laden was not within thier borders either, when he was caught and terminated within their "sovereign territory".

Maybe Ben should write an article and post photos of the useless UN missions in Sierra Leone where thousands were killed or had their hands or legs amputated while UN troops stood by. Or when useless UN troops were handcuffed to bridges in Bosnia by the very same people they were supposed to be there to control... Tell me one thing the UN has done that has helped anything or anyone please. All they do is suck off of first world  government money

Who the hell cares what the UN says, wants, or needs. The United States needs to get out of this idiot organizations like the UN, WTO, World Bank, NATO, etc. and concentrate on problems at home and let the world go to hell in a hand basket, it's going there anyway.Obama wins Nobel Peace Prize in 09.... lol... he even had the Sweeds fooled... They  slammed Bush for waterboarding and this guy is killing instead. Scary part is he wants to do the same to US citizens, thanks Paul Rand for at least forcing them to lie in saying they wouldn't kill a US citizen on US soil. You know they will.

wait wait wait. what "pakistani sovereignty." And of course pakistan says 400 civilians died they're is a reason why terrorists choose pakistan... im not convinced. and sorry to say, civilians die in war, example: thousands lost their lives on 9/11. idc about pakistan.

400 dead muslims.  Well, it's a good start anyway Obama.  Two thumbs up buddy.

This isn't true, I mean Obama won a Nobel Peace Prize!!

US is UN. No question ask.

Then tell Pakistan to stop hiding terrorists.

I wonder if all the liberals would of been so understanding and silent if Bush was killing 400 civilians with drone strikes? Where's Code Pink? Liberal's are such hippocrates?

terrible that the civilians aiding the terrorists are being killed. what a shame. screw pakistan too! bin laden harboring mofos

How many of those civilians were family members deciding to stick around?  They dont count-except the small children under the age of-say 12-13.  The older ones are old enough to fight and are being indoctrinated.  If they cared about them, then they would not be around them, or would stop.  The report does not say how many civilians were actually innocent bystanders.  Probably a much lower %.

The drone program started under Bush, so calling it Obama's is sort of Tea Party-ish. Calling it Bush's is off, maybe Cheney's- but it is more corporate war profiteer. As long as we as a country allow people to profit from war we won't care what the UN or anyone else saysI really don't understand why this guy Ben Emmerson didnt look at how many innocent death the taliban have caused in pakistan?  400 innocent people is sad.  But, I wonder how many of the "innocent" deaths are were actually harboring and/or supporting the taliban. Did his "investigation" detail that? Not sure about old ben, but if you're helping someone kill me, you are no longer innocent.I truly believe the taliban kill many more than 400 innocents each year. Shooting children because they want an education? And this is who ben wants to protect?

BFD. If you are a country that harbors and pretty much supports terrorists you should get more of the same. We should be using bigger drones with bigger bombs in this case.....

Like feeding the dog that bites your hand. The US pays millions [more than everyone else] to keep our “friends” in the UN.

Great! Let's stop sending drones AND money.......

OH my my my, Pakistan doesn't like our drones that kill civilians by accident sometimes, as we try to kill   by terrorists, whose methods includes, bombs, assaination and just wanton acts.They protect the terrorists, which is why Bin Laden was able to live there for years.Anyone who doesn't see Pakistan as an enemy, ( their Marasses taught their kids to hate us etc)is naive.As far as I'm concerned we should leave the region to themselves, neither the Russians not the Indians or even the Chinese get along with them.Any non Muslim is a threat to them.

Ya shut the hell up, the drone hits are legal because Pakistan let the Taliban stay there and attack us #$%$ Pakistan damn you people don't remember 9-11? It's just like when Japan hit us in Pearl Harbor then years later you say why are we in ww2

President Obama crying tears when the kids were killed in Newtown was an act.  This guy has killed more kids with his drones than Lanza killed with his guns.  Remember, the President orders a drone strike.  He is directly responsible for killing those children.

Invading and Occupying America, Mr. Murderous Thieving Whiteman SLAUGHTERED THE INDIANS, killing the ONLY TRUE "Citizens of America".  God-Hating Americons don't care "who" they kill... just as long as they CAN kill humans SOME WHERE... ANY where... even if it's killing THEIR OWN.  That's the Christianista Militant Regime for ya...

kill em all

The main problem Pakistan has with the US is that we killed the dk head Osama, that Pakistan thought they had protected a mile from one of their military bases.   lolOne civilian casualty is too many. One animal death from a military strike is too many. Collateral damage of any kind is simply unacceptable, I don't care what terrorist we're going after.

And WHY is nothing said in the Liberal news about ALL the people killed by Little george Bush two wars!!!!!!!

Americans love to kill people, We justify it by calling them names. Cowards hide in dark corners and fly drones and kill people like they are playing a game.

So I guess, according to the UN and the Muslims, Al-Qaida and their Taliban backers did not violate our sovereignty on 9-11.

The UN sucks! Pakistan sucks! USA!

So many critics of drones. The most effective (read: surgical) way of hiting a target minimizing collateral damage to others and we have objections from the far right as to their use. Rand needs to take his paranoid delusion meds on a regular basis....wow

Pakistan can suck it, their no ally of ours

These Pakistani Bozos cannot fight the extremists themselves, no matter what they say.  I doubt that these "innocent" people killed are really innocent.  If Pakistan doesn't like our drones there, then do something to stop the terrorism already!!!

the  war  is  over  bin laden is dead  or  so  they  say  so  now  what  in  the  hell  are we still doing there, save  billons  of  our  dollars  and  american lives  just leave!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Well it's either drones and precise specific targets with minimal casualties or a full out war... which do you want Pakistan?  Another reason to dislike Islam... they LIE to your face!  It's 2013!!  There is no reason for these people to still live in the stone age!!Exactly how does Obama not get in trouble for killing innocent children? Perhaps it is the children of the enemy, then in that case he wouldn't mind if our enemies targeted his children right? Point is he has no right at all to kill innocent civilians, especially children.

The U.N was created for all of us to abide by ( the u.s should remember its not nazi germany and has to respect the force it fought to create)

I don't care what the UN says as long the job gets done.

How much longer before drones will be used against "dissident" Americans?

Why does Yahoo, hides some comments, and displays some for days and hours,where is Yahoo's integrity for even handed way to treat all comments?

The UN report is "See no evil, hear no evil, say no evil"

Wow did we have any sovereignty when they snuck there stinky no good rotten #$%$ On 911 NO. I say this is the only good thing our president has done since being in office keep the drones going and keep the sneak attacks going wipe them out there #$%$.

Why care about sovereignty to a country who was hiding bin laden? We can also look the other way too

Im tired of hearing about civilian casualties.. We killed civilians all during  WWII ,So whats the problem..?

Make sure the United Nations knows that former US space program workers program drones for Israel. So in effect the United States communist controlled federal government that operates HAARP weapon all over the world to destroy lives and property also operates and control Israel's drones. Israel is the United States headquarters in the far east.I guess none of this matters to you Obama Idolators. After all, your Agent of Death applauds partial birth abortion, so this is no biggie for him.

UN isreal's COVER UP AGENCY AND THE ICC TOO.

Our muslim is a war criminal

PAKIS NUKE isreal AND SEE HOW FAST, USA Occupation Stop In The Middle East.

look out Pakistan , Obama do'nt care. he kills  Amercains to. Out of Control Drones,

If nothing else this will save us 2 Billion a year plus in aid to Pakistan

I thought we were the UN. They are our puppet government.

#$%$ THE UN !!!...LET'S CUT THE POWER CORD !!!

Another strong UN endorsement of the sovereignty of terror.

These #$%$ killed 3500 inocent cicilians on  9/11. F#$% them if they can;t take a joke.Can we take this child's (obama) toys away (drones) before he kills more civilians!

I dont agree with Obama or use of drones but come on, the number of civilians killed is always inflated due to lack of evidence to prove that the people associating with terrorist are indeed terrorists.  This happened a lot while I was in Iraq.  The majority of those people are guilty just no evidence to prove so.

At least he didn't waterboard them!

About freakin' time.

We don't drone our friends, so make sure you are always nice to US. or we will find you.

the truth is that flying drones without the approval of their government is violating their sovereignty. the question is does any care if we do it ?lets just bring out boys home and stop playing police in 3rd world countries.

Cut the aid off to them and pakistan clean ur yard first before u clean the usa yard

lets make it simple bring our boys home save money stop sending our enemies money and that would help country out quite abit

If you are living in Pakistan and you have a rag on your head?  You run the risk of drones!!!!

If the CIVILIANS would cease hiding the MILITANTS?  There wouldn't be any CIVILIAN casualties!!  You can't have your cake and eat it too!!!!!!US never gives a damn to other countries' sovereignty.  I just violated it, what can you do?

If pakastan were not sing us as they hide terrorist within the boarders we would not be attacking across the boarder. They give us the taliban who use the boarder as a way to hide from us and we would not fly over and blow them up

But wait I though obummer received the Nobel peace prize.

@donnie I'm an idiot? Move there and let me put a drone up ur #$%$ with the rest of that subhuman race

Screw the UN, If Pakistan can't more like doesn't want to fight the terroist then let the drones do their thing no matter who's air space.

I suppose the liberals have no idea what to do with this story. It's a lose lose situation for them. If they side with Obama, then they give a pass to all the unintetional innocent killing, and they critisize Obama.... wait,never mind, that's not gonna happen.  Obviously I'm a conservative, and you know what?... Good for Obama.  At least on this topic. Sometimes you have to get your hands dirty. The UN is going to cry and nag and squeal no matter what you do, so you may as well do what ya gotta do and let the talking heads talk.

What you going to do Pakistan ?

Tuff #$%$...if the pakis decide to kick out the terrorists and their bases in Pakistan maybe we will stop strikes.  until then too bad for you if you are in the way.

Emmerson is clueless. We are at war until al-Qaida and the Taliban no longer exist. He talks like this is a minor thing. The alternative is to leave them alone and then in the future casualties will be exponentially higher. If Pakistan wants us to stop then the gov't needs to grow a pair and do what needs to be done.

the un is getting mad about a couple hundred people. Phew.. maybe they haven't heard of iraq yet.Yeah...by the way, how in the world did Pakistan get nukes?

Stop the drones already. Also stop dishing out aid to us. Just leave all countries alone to clean their own mess.

You mean King Obummer has made a mistake?  I thought he was perfect.

Did they ever get back the drone that crashed?

we are the new terrorists

Drones are just as cowardly as bomb vests......both of them kill mostly inocent bystanders.

I don't give a flying #$%$ about the UN or, what they have to say.

If useless Obama boys to the useless Nations(UN) then he should be impeached for treason.  Plus who cares what the Paks say.  Wait they didn't know OBL was there right?  Cut the funding!

For all of these bleeding hearts civilian casualties are and will always be a part of war so stop all the damn tongue wrestling!! We need to get out of there and let them bomb and kill each other. I have never seen a damn country so damn ungreatful for help. Oh did I mention does anyone with 5 good senses think that Pakistan did not know Bin Laden was living there??!!! The hell with all them damn countries in the middle east. They have been killing each other since biblical times. Pull out and have simple policy, if you bother the U.S. there will be consequences. And as for that sorry #$%$ U.N. let them send their troops to these jacked up countries to police the world and we can sit home and watch CNN as their troops come home in body bags. And for that one person that has to add their two cents, I am a veteran and spent many years in them raggedy countries serving as paratrooper and operator. So if you were sitting home and now wanna run your mouth DRINK A TALL GLASS OF SHUT THE @#$%% UP!

UN should know better not to say what the Pakistani government says. UN and World bank wastes others money by giving in to corruption and terrorists.STOP'' THOWING AWAY U.S. DOLLARS ON FORIEGN COUNTIRES! NO WONDER WE CAN'T GET OUT OF DEBT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

let's stop funding the UN and Pakistan....

We pay off their government officials with foreign aid so we could drop bombs in their country.  We may kill some terrorists but we end up creating more than we kill because of all the anti-US sentiment we stir up.  This is costing us billions.  Is it really worth it?

Sovereignty? What about harboring terrorist? No criminal is out of reach from the good old USA!

Don't worry the numbers will only go up, especially once Obambi starts using them here against citizens.

American's I am sorely disspointed in you. If you really think this is justified then you are morally sick. We are not at 'War", tell me when will the "War" on terrorism stop? When you have killed all the muslims that disagree with our way of life? Is that not basically what the #$%$ were trying to do but to jewish people? We shouldn't be over there, if they hate us...fine let them hate us, we have a big ocean seperating us and we need not worry, we have the best missle defense systems, supposedly secure coasts (thats the ocean), why are we worried about what they are doing over there? We are MURDERING people. It isnt justified killing...it is cold blooded Murder. For the Americans that get captured, well maybe you shouldnt be in a country full of crazies and expect other Americans to bail them out. Have you ever heard "You Reap what you sow" What kind of karma do you think America is brewing right now? This is sick, there is no moral justification for what we are doing. It doesnt matter dem/repubs, none of that matters. We are creating the terrorists by killing people over there. Just think...if another country bombed an american on american soil because they disagreed with that nation what would we do? Everyone would be up in arms thus breeding more terrorists in that nations eyes, that's exactly what is happening now, either your IQ is too low to see it, or you enjoy death. This is a nation of death, perpetuated by the immorality being taught today with comments like "There are casualties of war"....This isnt a war, this is a slaughter. Feel good America, slaughtering people and then their family and friends get mad and then we can justify slaughtering them. Really good logic here, i guess if i was a defense contractor making tons of money this is the best business plan of all time, as we know with this logic the "war" on terror will never be over. Wake up, it makes me sick to read your comments, and it shows how ignorant most of you are.

A UN "team" "declared" after a "secret" 3-day investigative research trip that drone strikes "violate" Pakistan's sovereignty.  Seriously??"Ben Emmerson, the U.N. special rapporteur on human rights and counter-terrorism, said the Pakistani government made clear to him that it does not consent to the strikes..."  Huh.That "team must have talked to a lot of people.  What is a rapporteur?  Does the UN have special rapper on tour?As for me, I think it is just part of a conspiracy by the Pakistani government, warlords and US defense contractors to shake down the US for more $$.  I mean seriously, do you think the Pakistanis want freedom from fear for more tribal people or more US $$?And if they didn't want to appear to be the enemy, why not shave and get some different duds?And a drone strike in 2011 was referenced.  Well hey folks, this is military robotics in its infancy.. it ain't flippin perfect!  "What's that sound? Oh, I guess the wedding party is over."When the robots get good and get injected with some of that artificial intelligence on steroids, what can possibly go wrong then??

Drones only need to kill 4600 more civilians that protect terrorists to equal the # of innocent American civilians killed on 9/11.

Hows all this NWO and Globalization working out for all you Sheep ?

The drones are as small as insects.  They have a camera on their head and report back to the terminators.  When you have sex in your house it will be videotaped and put on YouTube.  We believe in sharing the love.Ok drones can indiscrimanently kill forgieners.Since the Posse Comatatus laws were lifted, these same drones can now kill U.S. citizens with no legal recourse as well, am I the only person that knows this?? I can't be. Wheres the public out cry on this??  Cmon SHEEP!!!!!Stand up for you rights.. And Obama F/U.....

I say let India fly the drones over Pakistan, results would be interesting.

I tend to be in the middle with right leanings, but I applaud Obama for the drone work. Wake up people, it is work like this that helps keep it off our soil. Sorry for a few cilvilian deaths, but the enemy hides amongst the people unlike they do here in the States where they are on bases. War sucks and people die. What is the alternative? Get them over there before they strike here.

no wounder the whole world had us. we think it is OK to tell everybody how to life and we can not get our #$%$ together in Washington

This is war.  People die in war.  Civilians die.  Our civilians have died.  AlQueda doesn't follow UN rules, why should we.

Obama drones in the U.S. Americans are next.

So how many people have we saved? Yeah that forgot about that statistic!!!!

But he has a Nobel Peace Prize...

❤DRONES❤God Bless President Barack Obama!THE WORLD IS YOURS!!!

OIL OIL ,,live &amp; let live...feed the hungry...shelttter the cold ,,,,,help the   VETTS ....ooops yo soy un mexicano i dont countJesus Christ most of you idiots who posted a comment are the exact reason why people hate americans....because we're idiots! We need to just leave that country, we dont want anymore soldiers dead and they dont want anymore civilians dead (nobody should, but america is a sick country.).

looks like obama committed a war crime...... lmao... hahahahahahaha. so did sadam hussein, and look what happened to him......

Same here in the US, not recorded but has happened.

u.n. roports 400 klled n drones in pake well dont hang around the terriost camps you stupid idots lke cookng and feedng there terriost all i got to say its to damn  #$%$ bad  who gives a #$%$

An the UN is what to us? An envious organization that strives to reduce us to the conditions and poverty of their own disfunctional country. No better time than now to take our money and go home.

Gew World Order, Even the UN see's what is coming.

nobody cares what the UN thinks.  Keep sending the drones.

What they dont tell you is how many civilians are killed my the terrorists over there.  That are murdered, and then used against us, to incite hate against America!  How can we be mad about the number of soldier deaths over seas when there are more Americans dying every year that are killed by each other at home?  We do more damage to ourselves than we do over there.Also all you idiots saying that these are the same drones they want to use here, don't know what your talking about.  There are hundreds of different types of drones.  They are even at your local mall being flown by some poor kid at a kiosk.

OMG!  Yahoo Homepage is back!  Yahoo!!!

If this were under a republican president you #$%$ would be screaming bloody murder,. #$%$, 400 civilians!!UN is wrong , Pakistan is the factory of Bad guys or terrorism , US most Aim bad guys by Drones .

Do unto others as........ The UN should investigate the Talaban, al Quaeda, and some others. The use of droans on others &amp; killing civilians makes me wonder if things are planned for our back yards.

yea lets put a stop to enhanced interrogation techniques which produced our most viable intel to date and instead just blast people away and kill hundreds of innocent civilians while we are at it. and the bad guys that we do kill take crucial intel we need to save american lives to their deathbed. out leadership is just so darn smart I tell you...

400 Civilians who I assure you were doing one of three things.1. Riding in a vehicle with an a terrorist member.2. Housing a terrorist member.3. Transporting supplies to a terrorist group.The top two terrorist groups in the Middle East are notorious for hidding behind civilians.

Here's  the thing people have to realize the US needs enemies to keep having an excuse for military  expenditures.  After the Soviet Union  fell anyone notice all  of a sudden the enemy  became Islamic  militants?,  as if they  only existed after the 1980's. A great book to read is '' In Search  of Enemies '' by John Stockwell former CIA station chief in Angola.

What!? The UN says drones violate Pakistans soverienty? How about the UN eventually wanting us to give up out soverienty? The UN is one @#$# organization the US NEVER NEEDED! The UN undermines our Nations Constitution. They need us and we sure as hell do not need them.

Steve Bush did do this the drone program  started under him.  I have always been against it.  Imagine if Russia did this in Chechnya killing civilian s is never right

As long as we have boots on the ground, Pakistan has no "sovereignty"..we OWN it!

No Kidding ... Everyone knows that but turns the "weak eye"... and we probably paid cheap money for the civilians' lives based on their economic human value.  And while we claim how successful the program was in taking out the leaders we decide that the other part of the report is not important.  We have regressed to AlQuida/Taliban's humanoid level.

Number of people being  killed by these drone attacks are civilians and these drone attacks are further fueling  terrorism. Think about this, if America would not had been strong enough and Russia starts to kill innocent people on your border with drones then definitely most among your families would have tied bombs and killed Russian troops along with them.  Obviously, it’s all about who is strong here then don’t expect people to keep any love in their hearts or speak in good words. This is how an image develops outside.obummer needs to order a drone attack on the Bush Crime Family Compound in Kennebunkport Maine during their next Thanksgiving Feast !!!!!!!   Might as well throw in the Cheney Ranch Compound up in Montana too !!!!! Then the Illegal and Immoral Drone Program will have killed the Right Terrorists !!!!!   Better include Carl Rove and Glen beck and Limbaugh and some others I can't think of right now.

Stop spending our hard earned money Big Brother (GOV).  Stop sending money to countries that hate us.  Hmmm  The UN is the part of the N.W.O, the US needs to drop out of the UN and become lone nation once again.  Lets take care of our own borders and all of our illegal immgrants (MEXICANS) and put them on a cattle truck back across the border or send them to Canada.!

F all Pakis, they only can kill each others, the insects should be killed by Chem, they just can kill their own Muslim neighbors, Drones are enough to kill all Pakis..... this is the fate of a nation that can not or doesn't want to defend itself, they should obtain a technology that can capture or destroy the drones

Pakistan is Islams safe haven and training ground for its terrorists.the home of Osama bin laden is proof enough.if they sort their own back yard out, we might just pay a little attention.

Boy! Those terrorists will fuss about anything nowadays!  They must have heard that we don't like drones in our country either.  They probably support the assault weapons ban, too (for us, not them), or would rather we use rubber bullets in the next gun fight.

Yeah, well they violate ours too...but no one seems to give two shiites...

Oh you mean Pakistan, the country that was housing the most wanted man in the world right next to a military training headquarters? Yeah, who gives a #$%$ about their sovereignty. They also withheld crucial IED detection devices that were desperately needed for US operations.

meanwhile here in america .. the citizens are anxious for the day awaiting them like their pakistani counterparts to have drones peeoping in their bedrooms/blowing up grandmas house cuz she was deemed a terrorist

America's Army is made up of barbarians and terrorists.

Waziristan is not really Pakistan.  Not taxed by Pakistan and have no representation.  It'd be like attacking 40 miles off the coast of Oregon, US.I think we should trade one American life for every innocent civilian in Pakistan who dies--maybe a lottery here to decide who should give their life? Isn't eye for an eye in the bible?

why doesn't our Gov EVER stick up for our military,  our young men and women are dying for people that don' even want up there, why not bring our military home, and letall those other countries take care of  themselves.  They will not help us when we need help, we just keep giving our money away when it could be  used right here for our own people, stupid gov

Why didn't these UN Human right investigators investigate how terrorists co-eff with Pakistan Gov to attack and kill people and how MANY INNOCENT PEOPLE these crazy terrorists KILL each day. Why the Pakistan Gov let these out-law freely operate on their land. What a waste effort by these guys.

We're a Superpower.....We dont care about any stinkin muslim sovereignty....

Well it is really a violation of their sovereignty and we should let them handle it. even if they don't. but really Karzai doesn't want the US in Afghanistan either. Hey here's a novel idea, Pull all the Troops and leave them to fend for themselves!

these drone war killings are illegal Obama. They have left you with innocent blood on your hands. They may be expedient but they are illegal. No eternal reward can save you now for wasting the opportunity you have had to do what is right....You are a failure.  and so are the two parties and their  followers for what Cindy Sheehan has so correctly coined as "situational politics". She is not guilty of these crimes and neither are the war protestors...the people who sit and allow this to go on are guilty of these crimes, along with you. And the American pastors are guilty of these crimes for not speaking against it.

But when a suicide bomber kills 100 civilians at a mosque, allah praises them....

mr obuma  inever  see a comment of how to fix the budget that we do not have enough money but when the subject comes up social security is on the agenda how come we never mention givng forigon ad cuts why only poor amercans who worked for 35 years so they can retire lke human beings

Mass killing completed by our government??  Humm prolly the most civilians killed in a while??? Who is to stand up and say that we need to ban the goverment from owning weapons??? Think about all the kids they have killed!!  ban drones!   Wait, they are only about disarming us.  Next you know this will be on American soil, and Hillary Clinton will be standing somewhere saying " what does it matter" ?

we need to worry about north koreaAnd you wonder why so many countries hate the United States. It's because of stuff like these drone attacks and the down right arrogant attitude that the US has.Yeah, go in and get the terrorists because they need killing, but remember when you do it like this it just makes more and more young people join the side of the terror groups and you end up fighting a never ending war where the enemy will have unlimited recruits to fight for them. It will never end.Perhaps try to appease these countries by leaving their lands and stop taking their resources and stop telling them how they should be living their lives. If they want to live in mud huts in the desert then let them.Then as you are leaving take all of the money that the US gives these countries away from them so that they can then try to elevate their living standards themselves. Let them do it by themselves because the US needs to stop propping up these puppet make believe democratic governments.Obama is nothing more then a murderer that should be tried for war crimes and for crimes against humanity. Obama is also no better then the terrorists that he is trying to kill and neither is the United States. I'm ashamed to be a citizen of the US. Get the troops out now US and Obama stop the senseless killing of innocent civilians.

Invade other countries for personal gain, murder hundreds of innocent people, send our children to their deaths fo no real reason, rape the american people of the most basic human right to protect them selves and families,....kinda sounds like obama is the terrorist here.

And i thought drones were for good, who do you think is responsible for death of those innocent civilians?? haven't America taken out 100 times more Muslims than 3000 in twin towers. please enough already..

I'm not an Obama supporter by any means but, if there is anything he's doing right, it's this.Too bad liberals aren't applauding him for this...

Ban all guns in the world effectively and replace them with Bronze swords.

Then I guess we should go back to carpet bombing.

what happens when these countries start using drones on our soil? 400 civilians kill not so good.

USA is an assassin as well. The world must oppose the evil of the filthy colonial maggots of the USA.

over 400 pakistani civilians killed......... just imagine if these were american civilians !!!

Mr. Obama will go down in U.S. history as the worst president who killed and murdered innocent people including American citizens.  May he rot in Hell forever.Hey...isn't that where OBAMA BIN LADEN was hiding?  Just don't use those DRONES here on us REAL American-Born CITIZENS!!!!!

cutoff all aid, support and monies to this countries.  Let them solve their own issues, because we have enough here.

If Bush were president you people would be on here singing praises to him for what he was doing with the drones agaisnt the pakistani people...

DRONES are TERRORISTS!!!

us does not give a chit about un.old news.

Hey repubs!!!!This is socialist, mean obama doing this killing!!He is a pig, like you!!Right wing idiots!!!

wonder if sum country sent a drone to us to kill and spy what would the ramifications be? gee i know war will be declared on the country or sanctions and the world condemnation. but i reckon usa is another story

The UN should be subjected to drone strikes.

Wow!  What a surprise!  The UN doesn't like our policy. How about a few drone strikes at the UN building in NYC?  That would improve things a hell of a lot.

The world is a #$%$ up mess.US are the trouble maker, as long as there are US the world will never be peaceful. US are warmonger that is a fact.

WAHHHH WAHHHH WAHHHH I can hear them crying all the way in KY.

yeah, the UN can go pound sand up their butt!  Totally worthless organization.

❤DRONES❤Thank You President Obama!USA #1

So does *ucking with our 2nd Amendment. But that doesn't stop America. :D

Get real America. How you going to fight guerrilla warfare with an enemy who hides behind women &amp; children in neutral or allied countries? The drones have proved to be a successful deterrent. They allow us to surgically take out horrendous enemies with little collateral damage.What are our other choices? Declaring war on an entire country? Using CIA assassins? These have not worked and will not work. But the drones have helped turn the tide against an enemy who hides among innocents. Before the drones there was no way to get at them. Drones are far more accurate than fighter jets or ship bombardments.Don't wimp out America! Don’t fall for this criticism from weak–kneed, bookworm types who been reading too much utopia theory. These critics were never capable of qualifying for military service, and putting their feet on foreign soil in harms way, but they sound like they would prefer soldiers do their bidding rather than drones.Our enemies are ruthless, beheading murderers. They are groups of fanatics who enjoy taking planes full of innocent people and incinerating them. The drone has struck fear in their small hearts and gotten their attention. Don’t turn away a successful tool against women murderers. You cringe at murder for murder? How naive are you? That’s what war is, murder. Have you forgotten the Towers?

Our stooge, Ban Ki Moon, makes noises only after the damage is done.  Just wait until China uses drones against Tibet and Russia agains Chechchnya and we would be the first to call for a 'Drone Non-Proliferation' treaty!  Hey Mr. Grunt - your brainwashed idiot, FYI: we get all our monetary aid back in the form of military hardware we force the receiving countries to purchase with the aid we give them.  This is why we can't afford not to give Pakistand and Egypt our 'aid'.

Adlof hitler blocked coments too..

nuke em till they glow an shoot em in the dark

Yea...so what.......islamic wackos violate our sovereignty...when you stop we will.This is the only country in the World tha can commit "WAR CRIMES" around the world, and believe they are "UNTOUCHABLE", reason why they are not member of the "International Justice Organization" because they knew that they will be jugded of WAR CRIMES, the rest of the world is watching the US carefully, soon the US will become NAZIES TYPES. The world will TURN AGAINST YOU as they did to HITLER....!The only coutry that have created a "HIT LIST" and JUSTIFIED THE MOTIVE TO KILL foreigners.  The only coutry that have USE ATOMIC BOMB on other HUMAN of this planet, evendow they have had an ALTERNATIVE not to use that bomb. The only coutry that believe that the "UNITED NATION" belongs to them...! The only coutry that can PUNISH OTHER Country if like that country is part of a State of America...! they connot even punish the young kids that take gun to school and kill others students, they connot even punish your GOVERNOR who disrespect your president...!If UNITED STATE was so better than the rrest of the world, how come they BORROWED MONEY from other countries,? 400,000 humans die because of use of these drones this is a WAR CRIMES believe it or not. !

America has become the biggest terrorists organization in the world.. we fought afghanistan fought iraq for no reason.. now shooting off missles left and right.. got involved in lybia aided rebellious groups becuz we didn't like their leader.. and we doing the same thing in lybia.. aiding their rebels.. if a rebellion ever happened here.. government would have no problem turning the weapons on us.. and fire at will.. hypocrits much?

You have to break a few eggs to make an omelet.

Did UN also say that harboring terrorists and Talibans willingly within Pakistan borders fully qualifies them as the terrorists sponsor that should be given ultimatum to get rid of that garbage asap or be nuked and obliterated off the face of the planet earth....

This Emmerson is grandstanding, the article said that privately the Pakastani gov't supported the strikes while publicly denouncing them.

if we stop the strikes then we stop the free money they get

so

The UN can go to you know. Hey UN how about those 2000 plus civilians durning 9/11 And if there crying about it, It must be working! And as far as pakistan if they stop housing the Tailban we'll stop blowing up there junk!!!!! FTUN!!!

....coming soon to a city near u

Imagine seeing dead kids in rubble ? Is it really worth it ?!I agree bring our troops home, stop all funding to these people and let them have their country to do what ever they please. Take that money giving to these country's that hate us and put it back into our own country to benefit the people of the United States of America. We certainly need it. Stop all aid to countrys that want to live in the stoneages and think we are the evil ones. If we stopped giving aid to these countrys and put it back into the US we would not have such a deficit and people would be able to live once again. Finaly forget the UN who cares what they say anyway bunch of wimps.

Who cares what the UN says????? We are a soveriegn nation and if you harbor the enemies of our country you're going to get it! Technology has allowed us to get to 70 to 80% enemy to civilian kill ratio. That is historically astounding. Most casualities of war are civilians in most past wars! So tell the UN and it's international team of anti American socialists to shove it or the UN can move to Moscow or Beijing.

we they do their job we will leave for good

Pakistan also chose to hide Bin Laden (even with a 20 million dollar bounty on him) So the corruption goes to the top, so much so, we could not allow them to know we found him in their country, because they would hide him again. Hardly a trusted ally.

Many liars on earth from high places down.  The only truth is in our God.  Spread the good news.  Turn away from sin follow Jesus and he will show us the heavens paradise and save a room for you.  This world is ending.  The earth will be replenished with the new kingdom one day.  The earth belongs to GOD.....He will renew it and restore it because we already WON.. Jesus has the key to hell.  Look up love God and praise worship ask for forgiveness and repent you sinners and follow the son of God who is God I AM  the Lord king of kinds lord of lord. Amen.

Pakistan has maybe forgotten one thing, were america and we do what ever the hell we want. They better shut up and start makin some cheap #$%$ for us to buy. God Bless America. Hey when are they gonna use those drones on us. Gimme my cheap #$%$, now.

One day someone will take Americans out, just as we did to others.  It's called fair play.

Time for the United States to quit sending money overseas

Rest easy the rest of the world the USA is going to use them against its own people

The UN is nothing more than a witchy controlling wife that complains nonstop and has no idea how useless she is without the husband doing absolutely everything.I've been actively prophesying within the US from around 2004 to present (some of the events I depicted were the IO and Japan tsunami, hurricanes Katrina and Sandy, Amish and Newtown school shootings, as well as the Iran/US Naval incident; I was also a 'portent' for the events of 9/11) and have consistently received the 'silent treatment' amid implicit and otherwise threats, absence of reporting, and my requests for legal and medical counseling. One of my concerns is that the treatment I and others receive will reflect poorly on Israel, especially as there exists a popular sentiment that America is manipulated by Israel. Furthermore, as a main prophetic event was essentially a response to the Beslan incident, it often appears that the POTUS' activities, in regard to supporting events in Islam-centered nations, reflect a personal motivation that includes bias theological considerations. Furthermore, the notion that scandal amd abuse is tolerated would be more easily 'entrenched' as the hypocrisy and legal misconduct would diminish the capacity to effectively prosecute it.

Someone is "thumbs down" on the pro drone comments. Probably someone that feels the right to speech is bad. Isn't that who the drones have been targeting?

Did u guys really think the money is going to the ppl? its been used to pay off politicians n what nt. N let me tell u wht 1 thing for wht the payments r for. A pistol semi-automatic SIG SAUER P226, the improved version of P220 mostly used by US special forces n federal agents being found in the hands of these terrorists or so called.  It's quite unusual how weapons keep mysteriously disappearing from NATO armories across Afghanistan...and then are later found in the hands of terrorists attacking Pakistan. Coincidence or deliberate? they r being rerouted from iran n afghan through secret areas into pakistan n that money ur sending is being used for payoffs. u could read it ur self on "miamiherald" just a few days ago. read real articles if u wanna the treuth n stop pointing fingers

the only reason there is a UN is so we have somebody to pay off!! doing what is right does not matter... as long as your greasing their palms

Drones violate ancient and modern rules of warfare. If both sides follow rules of war then deaths become casualties of the conflict or collateral damage. If the rules are not followed then all you have is plain gutless murder. Plain and Simple. We will be judged as a country for these monstrosities.

Emmerson's an idiot! Either Pakistan can control the militants at the border or we will. Want us to respect Pakistan's sovereignty, then they should do something about the terrorists that run back to Pakistan for refuge.And about the civilian casualties, when combatants hide among the civilian population, civilians will become collateral damage. It's not good, but that's just the way of war - c'est la guerre.

So what is the problem? Comparison...I would never be arrested for aiding and abetting because I do not associate and or put my family in harms way by associating myself with various criminals and or activity.

George W. said after the 9-11 attacks " You're either on our side or you're on the terrorists side and if you're on the terrorists side, we'll come for you" Pakistan is clearly on the terrorists side. They were giving a safe haven to the most wanted terrorist on the planet. The gloves are off.  Anything goes now.

oh well, 5000.in trade center. you have to remember it's a war.

Yea use DRONES.....start with US teritory first...how about mexican border?Finding bin Laden in Pakistan change the rules.

They should launch a drone missle at the ommish mafia

Let us learn from British, French and even from Germans and others, in about 50 years they are almost paupers, and we are heading that path. I do not think we are aware that we owe so much to China and many others that makes us really a second rate power, today. We can kill that is true, however we are killing while China, India, Russia is making inroads with Africans, Australians, Brazilians &amp; other developing nations, and we are killing to please large corporations so that they can make money …we can go on and on, but to what use, we are intoxicated and euphoric of our military might like at one time Germany was.

if taking them out of their skies,keeps them out of our backyards....then sobeit! takem out

I guess the Pakistanis need to step up to the plate and kick the towelweban out of the country. No fanatics, no strikes.

It will only ignore by US. Criticizing them have no effect. But if other countries did it, they are determined to criticize and investigate...and condemn....unfair practices of Americans...shame...

No one is safe from Obama's reign of terror. Not even Americans. He executes without just cause and ignores any collateral damage. The wars have become an economic bed for our corrupt politicians. Question why we are still over there.

Maybe Pakistan violated their own sovereignty by telling their Taliban uncles, cousins and friends that their radars are picking up drone activity coming at their locations so Taliban leaves the spot and replaces the location with civilians (Woman caught learning and reading books) Good propaganda stratigy. But i still see past it so does everyone else in the region. The UN however remain ignorant . BTW I am against these wars total waste of time and resources

Did they worry about civilians on 9/11, or for that matter,  with every bomb they have ever set off?  They mostly kill civilians and surround themselves with civilians for protection.  We still have every right in the world to kill them.  And as for Pakistan, where was Bin Laden found?  They should man up and  kick the Taliban out and we wouldn't have to.  But they are playing both sides.  Taking billions from us and hiding Taliban killers at the same time.

I'd prefer the fighting continue THERE rather than HERE.  Something you all seem to MISS when you say "bring our troops home."  We don't get to NOT FIGHT.  THEY declared war on US....so I sure as hell would rather THEIR civilians get killed and their infrastructure get ruined.still not close to the bushes total, not close

Imagine if someone was doing this in our country. What would be the responds?

The drones are attacking people waging war against the US and killing American troops. They then run across a border and claim sanctuary. The Pakistanis refuse to address the issue, so it comes down to you fix it or we will. Our other option is to occupy the tribal lands. That would really violate their sovereignty.

Drones are a sure sign of FREEDOM!   Tasers, too.

Pakistan is a failed state. It harbors and supports terrorism.  Better drones targeted at terrorists than invasion.

I've seen drones in the skies of Houston. No one believes me because i have no proof. it's hard to take a picture of those things when they're so high up in the air. But believe me i've seen a couple of uav's in the skies of houston over the past few years!`

One would think the UN might be more concerned with the terrorists being harbored in Pakistan who pose a greater risk to not only their people but the people of the world.....backwards priorities to say the least

good, Pakistani given the space to Nato, now Pakistani is suffering . I hope Pakistani eyes is open.

Fly a drone right up obamas #$%$

I am a Pakistani, and I literally have no idea what my government wants, what are they trying to do, and why are they even there. It is like being in a relationship where you are always thinking of someone else, or even any other new person you happen to see. You can never do things right with the one you are, which is what your purpose should be, because your intentions are never really clean or sincere. And basically that ends everything.So let me get this straight its not Legal to use a Drone on Muslims in Pakastan . However it is Legal to use Drones on Christians on American soil. Holder and Feinstein say its legal to kill Americans . And nun Ya all worried about dis ?????

how interesting, it could be possible for the president of the united states to be considered a war criminal by the U.N. the best part about that is its the same guy that got a peace prize.

We are the most murderous nation on earth but, we have the NFL, MLB ect to entertain the idiot electorate and a media programing people to believe we are the good guys.  We deserve a dirty bomb in one of our downtowns.  Its called an eye for an eye and we have been putting out eyes for a long time.  911 was a message to keep our killing machine on our own soil....but to much money in killing so its the world over murdering.  can you believe the UN had the balls to call out the US for its war crimes?

Were are all the liberals screaming for IMPEACHMENT....  hypocrits!  Liberal Kool Aid is strong stuff!!!!

God's word to mankind was, "Thou shall not kill."  Anyone associated with murder and killing and even supporting it has a place prepared for them in the fiery lake called Hell.  People in this category:  Hitler, Obama, Mao, Truman, women who use birth control, women who had abortions, doctors who do abortions, doctors who preform euthanasia, people who run over others with a car, people who murder people, people who commit suicide, and much much more.

The UN violates American sovereignty. John Bolton was right about the worthlessness of the UN .

After reading these comments I feel better. An average Pakistani now have better IQ then all you dumb morons good for nothing lonely junktards.

The scary thing is I don't know which side to believe.

since the beginning of this b.s. war how many americans have been killed and they want to complain about civilians. when it comes to war no one is a civilian, and no one is innocent. just by watching it on the news we become active participants in this tragedy... what happened to the day when you bomb the battlefield first then send in soldiers. should have been using drones all along.

@Grunt, what a moronic statement, propaganda must have taken away your humanity....sad case of arrogance!!!............I miss the good ol' days, when we just dropped a couple nukes.

US should increase immigration. We need more bright and hard working immigrants who like to work and are motivated.  US has too many lazy sses sitting and taking unemployment, always complaining and sitting on yahoo nuking half the world. Lets increase the immigration from Pakistan

Hey guys, I have a better idea, How about all of you stop complaining and not doing anything, and actually DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Hope all of you know its time to actually rise up.

At least...and how many civilians in Afghanistan???

Ben Emmerson Lets send him to investigate North Korea for a year and let him investigate how they violate human rights  there first handed and see what he has to say then ! Where he is at now is like a trip to Disneyland!

Who the hell cares? We OWN the UN.

I think the U.S should do drone strike inside of America and take away their guns

This is EVIL stuff.  The hell with war and the #$%$-ant. drones.  This country is a worldwide disgrace.  The people are not going to settle for this.  We believe politicians are crooks.  Wealthy weapons builders are evil.  NO MORE WARS.

Well, Ben Emmerson, is crashing a plane into the world trade center okay in your book? What about harboring terrorist? Get back to me on that ASAP please!

They also said Bin Laden wasn't in Pakistan so I question these numbers. More importantly, to be a "sovereign" nation, you must have control within your borders. Pakistan doesn't. The militants are stronger than the police force, the tribes are stronger than the local governments, and the government as a whole is unstable and at risk of being overthrown every day. Lack of basic human rights, women there are discriminated against, enslaved and oppressed beyond Western comprehension. It is an A$##$-backwards terrorist incubator, there is nothing about it that is remotely close to being "sovereign".Don't you guys see that the U S is pimping Afganistan.   "Has long as we pay you  you do want we want"  American can use that money.  Don't we have so kind of say so.

Today Voltaire said, "Mr. Obama should be hung from the highest tree, for his killing of people without a fair trial."

I wonder if the UN is going to make Obama give back his Nobel Peace prize and the money that comes with it too.

everybody on here knows dam well if another country was using drones to kill our civilians we would be uber #$%$ ...we trained the dam taliban in the first place ....its our fault for funding , arming, and training these folks...

.....and what does the UN have to say about the Pakistanis aiding the Terrorists / Talibans..?...

Pakistan? The place that hid Osama Bin Laden not far from a military place? Also, hang around terrorists, and you get burned.

well maybe if the goverment of pakistan didn't hide those terrorists who didn't respect the trade centers right to be a builing we wouldn't have to be attacking them now would we?   So I guess its ok to kill every day americans because they are fighting a war be when we do it to them we are bad.  I say we take away their aid and give it to the freeloaders here who aren't planing on blowing stuff up.

Wow they needed to have a committee to realize us sending in drones to Pakistan and other countries at will is a bad thing? And if they fight back we can attack them from the air and declare their not even a real country so we dont even have to declare war on them, it'll just be another "conflict". Dont get me wrong, I LOVE america, I love what it used to be... but the post 9/11 America is starting to scare the hell out of me.

but the UN doesn't give a rat's-rear if they violate US citizens.

well these fvckers better give us back all the AID we gave them if we cant do our drone attacks."The remaining 56 were either civilians or tribal police".. OR militants!How do you classify civilian over there, an unarmed militant?IMO there are zero actual non-militant deaths because they are all militantsand their supporters.

Drones...can't live with them, can't live without them.

Time to let loose a drone strick on the UN

They use drones because no pilot would bomb those places.

they should have a drone hit congress and the white house while they'r eoccupied so the poeple can rejoice and the country can repair itself from what they've done to it.

Indict the U.S. president as a war criminal for murdering innocent people and violating other nations laws.  He didn't deserve to win the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009.

"Pakistan claimed the drone strikes were radicalizing a new generation of militants". This statement is SO true yet our beloved officials refuse to acknowledge this obvious problem! Blowback isn't a myth, it's a constant. Everything we do over there has consequences. For all you people who think we should be droning people like this don't complain when this war NEVER ends and we start losing more and more ground.

Doesnt this make Obama a war criminal?? Why arent charges brought up against him?? Their is no other president in history that could get away with murdering civilians of another nation. Where are all the bleeding heart liberals now? Human rights means nothing to you now when its "your president" commiting the crimes.

IT's a WAR CRIME !!!!USA is terrorizing Pakistan .. TOO many COLLATERAL MURDER...

no wonder obama wants a new medal to cover his drone assassinationsNotice they don't have a comments section for Obama free health care costs? Nothings free you idiots! I'm talking to the moron cults that follow Obama!

If they run.....their Taliban.  If they stand there...their well disciplined Taliban.  Ain't War hell?

It SICKENS me that we have given so much aid to these dirty lying mongrels. We only needed them during the afghan war (which they did next to nothing to help anyway) so now eff them. They can suck it. Your not doing anything to waste these militants in you OWN country. So we will do it. And if some civilians die..well what do you expect..this is a war.

Some one please ask the UN to send the report of their finding to the thousands that died in 9/11.

Common Sense 101:  If I hang out with people that the US military is after, eventually I'm gonna get shot at too because I become one of them.

F, R. Paul &amp; Pakistan

nothing says freedom like fire bombing a nieghborhood full of innocent people trying to kill one terrorist.

I don't get this. The drone bases are IN PAKISTAN!! You can see them on Google Earth. So how can the Pakistani government claim that they object? They obviously told us we could build bases there.

Send a couple of drones to circle Ben's house for awhile.

It took a U.N. "secret research trip" to figure this out?If we stop using drones and withdraw from the middle east we could find our selves without enemies. The what? People need to be careful what they wish for.

Pakistan is "capable of fighting the war against Islamist extremism in the country by itself".  Wow.  Did a great job helping us find bin Laden.  The militants being germinated in your tribal regions are threatening Americans at home and abroad. Yet Pakistan wants the U.S. to feel good about their efforts at policing the terrorism petri dish known as the Northwest Territories.  Either you control your own people, or we will.

Murder of innocent civilians and everyone in these comments is outraged about the UN? Tell me that is a joke. Stop the drone strikes, stop the aid, stop believing our own governments lies about how there have only been a miniscule amount of civilian deaths in these countries. Bring our men and women home so they can protect our country instead of dying in some desolate desert or jungle. The mission was to reduce terrorism not to make more terrorists by killing innocent people and infuriating the local populace. Imagine that another country was striking our soul. Imagine that you have lost brothers, mothers, fathers and sisters to foreign drone strikes. Now imagine how viciously ferocious your response to that would be.

So when the US perfects the laser satellites that can kill people anywhere on the planet, the UN will probably #$%$ about that weapon also. lol

USA USA USA

Enemies don't come cheap. Without enemies our military industrial complex will be decimated.

I didnt even need to read this full bullshat about 400 civis or w.e killed ya its a damd shame. If it can be proven truth. But lets not forget why we did it. 9/11/2001. I was in the 7th grade.

"Ben Emmerson, the U.N. special rapporteur on human rights and counter-terrorism, said the Pakistani government made clear to him that it does not consent to the strikes — a position that has been disputed by U.S. officials."Wait let me get this straight...Pakistan government: We do not consent to drone use in Pakistan.USA Government: Yes you do.Pakistan: No, really, we don'tUSA: Sure you do. (Starts droning Pakistan)Pakistan: Hey stop doing that!USA: You know you like it...Pakistan: Hey stop that! I'm going to call the cops!USA: Come on just enjoy it..UN: Hey, USA, Pakistan doesn't like that drone thing.USA: Yes they do.WOW. Really?

A federal appeals court on Friday struck a blow to the government's secrecy surrounding its controversial drone program, reversing a lower court ruling that allowed the CIA to remain silent on whether it had any records related to surreptitious drone attacks.The three-judge panel unanimously ruled that it was neither "logical nor plausible" for the CIA to refuse to confirm or deny whether it kept records on drone strikes. Top security officials, including former CIA chief Leon Panetta, new CIA director John Brennan and even President Obama himself, have all acknowledged the program's existence, rendering the CIA's defense moot, the court said.

Well to all you dumb a^%$&amp;es that let terroist live around you, Boo Hoo, I would suggest you cry babies clean your own mess up or we will continue using unmaned bombers so as to save our piolts.I dont hear the afganistains crying for our 911 victims.  I have served in combat and I would to have loved a robot take my place.  PS if your neigbors are going to be blown away ! you better move.Sacrifice the few, for the good of the many.

The insurgents are just like V.C.back in the day.....

The government should stay out of "war" situations and let the military do their job, I think the troups would be home sooner. Also stop sending any type of support to the countries who want our aid but not us. We need the aid sent to them to help our on self and reduce our national debt.

Rescind and/or deny all Pakistani visas requesting entry into the USA.  Stop all foreign aid payments to Pakistan immediately.  Do not allow travel to Pakistan for any US Aid provider.  Freeze all financial transactions in US banks for any Pakistani company, government or organization.  AND stop paying the UN.

The US is at war with terrorist all over and what ever it takes to hunt them down and kill them so be it .   Screw the UN  we are the friggin UN that shouldnt be.

I hope Pakistan presses charges against Obama and put him in prison with the rest of his muslin brothers.

Well i sure wish the terrorists would stop hiding with women and children Wow!!! Real soldiers

Like George W Said . . . . you're either with us or against us in the war on terrer. . . .  and they were hiding ol Bin Laddin . . . .

Pakistan says..400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones..if you give us  40 million US dollars..we will help you find  al-Qaida man in charge..don't worry we got him well hidden this time..

The U.N. is actually more corrupt then even the Pakistan government, as hard as that is to believe. Throw the bums out of NY, with their diplomatic immunity, and shut the doors on that most useless, corrupt organization. It's just at toilet to throw money down.The US claims acceptance by Pakistan for these strikes. Their argument is that their is still some cooperation among senior Pakistani officials. If the officials of Pakistan publicly condemn the attacks, and our relationship with Pakistan is becoming strained and the UN agrees these strikes are unacceptable and unwanted, then this to me seems like a case of forced compliance. Which in my opinion isn't actual compliance. Let's face it if the claim they don't agree, and we argue that they do, then it's obvious that we don't care if they agree.

Sound like we are the biggest bully in the world, how dare we call them terrorists?  Aren't we the biggest terrorist?  you attack me, I attack you.....the cycle will never end.

lol you guys didnt actually believe Obama would pull troops back did you? PFFFFT hahahaha and you wonder why your in the 99% and not the 1%. FYI it has nothing to do about your parents success or money. its completely based on you. id love for ANY of you to explain how an Irish immigrant with one dime in his pocket came to America and STILL to this day (converting to todays money value) is still one of the most richest and successful businessmen in history. I will not tell you his name. look it up yourselves. stop placing the blame for your unsuccessful lives on others. get off your butt and go take on the world. so sick of people blaming the 1% and others for their own failures. move out of the way for those of us that actually want to make a difference and put some form of positive benefit into society.

When a president feels and thinks he is above the law and the U.S. Constitution.  He needs to be impeached by his constituents.

LOL, if people think this doesn't have the approval of the Pakistani govt then individuals really have not been paying attention to what this govt says publicly vs its actions.

The U.N. needs to convene a world court to indict Mr. Obama for war crimes against humanity, and try him before the world.

well if they can fight the war by themselves without outside help why are we still there? let them fight the taliban themselves and for that matter feed and adminster medical treatment themselves and we can use the money and expertise here for our poor and homeless

I like the Drone Policy in Pakistan. Under Bush, I feel as though the policy created terrorists because the collateral damage would spark revenge in the hearts of children whose parents had died. HOWEVER, Obama has done a great job of making sure that he wipes out the next generation of terrorists with the current one. On one particularly impressive strike we killed 66 future Terrorists and even got one current one who was hiding in a school. 'MURRICA!

What part of THERE IS A WAR GOING ON THERE do you #$%$ #$%$ Libtards not understand??? THEY killed thousands of innocents. Remember that?!?!?!

Use the drones to seek out gangs in America and take them out.THEY are one of the threats to our societyThis Emmerson guy seems to have been well paid by Pakistan.Pakistan's sovereignty... what a joke.. what about Taliban and all other terrorist groups using pakistan soil to plan and lauch terror attacks all over. becuase per Pakistani officials they don't support terrorist use their land right... so its a gross violation of Pak sovereignty..

That is one bad #$%$ looking drone.

Yabba Dabba Do

F the UN and Pakistan

Just wondering how many of those "innocent civilians" were in Taliban training camps when the drones hit

It should be ok, Obama can just apologize for being American again. Maybe he can get another Nobel

Hmm, Lets see, How many terrorists were in the twin towers, Oh thats right ZERO,  but thousands of  innocent American's were killed. Boot al-Qaida and Taliban militants out of Pakistan, your country and your people will be safe.

Great wording AP!!! "Pakistani government told him it has confirmed at least 400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones" Yet if you read farther down you see that they include the majority of these deaths as insurgents and Taliban. Also, I don't believe a word the Pakistan government says.

Americans chance to play the Russian rulette!

Civilians? No these people are subhuman filth that should be wiped out. Nobody cries a tear for these vermin.but appaerently its ok to hack someones head off with a saw and video them screaming

F*&amp;%%$* the U.N.

al-Qaida and Taliban militants kill innocent civilians and are not held to the same guidelines.

why do old people have to run the world?

oh okay 400 civilian casualties is okay.  They just had wives and children and a life that was cut short.  Let's ask of the 400 political officials that order the strikes which one will volunteer their life so that a "terrorist" can be killed.  You see it is okay if someone else is killed by accident but it is not okay when one of us gets killed by accident. You don't prevent terrorism by becoming a terrorist.

""It is time for the international community to heed the concerns of Pakistan, and give the next democratically elected government of Pakistan the space, support and assistance it needs to deliver a lasting peace on its own territory without forcible military interference by other states," said Emmerson."Aren't the drone strikes doing just that? They are keeping the radical elements at bay giving the Pakistani government the breathing room to do nothing while America shoulders the burden of fighting the militants.Of course the US could let the militants have Pakistan and save millions of dollars in foreign and military aid that we send to that dung-heap of a country too...

Drones are for cowards who don't wanna fight on land toe to toe with rifles. Of the same amount. That's why people with no military power compared to us, surprise attack us. They have no choice!aid of  Air strike, advanced weapons, tanks, helicopters, body armor etc.  Against people who have none of this. ( For example, the Taliban) is just so coward like! We must all fight on land with the same type of weapons! Dropping bombs from the sky like scared girls is weak! And we kill innocent people! Including children!  This is horrible!

That's why the whole world need to unite and fight against the evil America. American imperialists does not care about the lives of innocent people.

Amazing that we re-elected this guy.Anyone having buyers remorse yet?

Drone strikes coming to the u.s. soon also!Oh, I get it!! You have a gun, you're a terrorist. You have no gun, you're a civilian. "Significant civilians" should keep better company.

Do we give aid to pakistan??? Cut that off... we need our money back and have them pay back all that we have given to them

Oh, and what is the UN going to do? DEPLORE us?

By the why  with all the u.s tax payers money given to that chit hole we can do as we won't!

The UN violates my sovereignty.

the UN is a violation of USA 's sovereignty  besides with all the billions of us taxes payers money gone it to that chit hole we can do what we will! UN violates US Constitution AND WE THE PEOPLE'S RIGHT AND FREEDOM AND OUR SOVEREIGNTY!!

Sorry mfers do they have any ideal of how many of our troops that have been killed while we have been ther11111111111111111111111

Pakistan: pretty dumb, AP: very dumb, UN: the dumbest of the bunch

want the drones out . . . get rid of the US's opposition in the region . . .no enemy(s) in the region, no need for drones in the region

Sequester the world!!!!We harbor terrorists and terrorist thinkers too, including our armed forces, which are wrongfully deployed.  It isn't ultimately the fault of the troops on the ground, that's for sure.  We need a strong defense in the new world dominated economically by China, not an offense sprawled across the globe, occupying various countries.  It isn't smart to spread your forces thin while radicalizing new generations of threats and letting your infrastructure go into neglect as a result of the vast sums spent on military engagements that serve no purpose other than headlines in a "War on Terror" that is as misguided as the "War on Drugs".

scared shitless UN...just found out...?    hahahahaha

The UN should start sending their drones to America. Destroy those hillbillies.

What a mess that we are in. Why can't we just leave those fools to kill themselves and bring our people home. Secure our own borders, and stay out of the worlds business. Who said we are the worlds police any way.

The UN should be more focused and beligerant with Iran and North Korea. What an impotent organization!

Why is this organization that has done nothing for the world positive for the world still in NYC? Better we ship there #$%$ to Switerland or Sweden. Those are countries that are only concerned about their wealth let them support the UN. They are perfect for useless world affairs.. Perfect fit

UN can kiss my #$%$  How many people died on 9-11?  Once Pakistan stops harboring terrorists, the drone flights will stop.

A UN Report critical of the United States?  That is not news.  Occurs daily.

Well if Pakistan will keep their terrorists within their borders we won't have a problem. But if they allow Muslims to launch attacks of murder and death from within their borders, they can suck it up. The only way to end the threat of Islam is to hunt them down and kill them where they hide, period. Every last one of them.

Don't worry they are making the USA the new war zone so expect our glorious leaders to rack up the kill count of US civilians.  They don't need to follow laws,  king and queen obama just hang out with Hollywood all day.  To them we have no wrights we are just sheep.  In reality we are all strong, stronger than you think.  Our voice and opinion is needed more than ever in this time of dictatorship.  Is everyone blind I thought he promised change, yeah he changed alright now we can see the true demon.  We need to get out of this war greed corporation. We need a real savior.                     long live the king........KNOCK ON WOOD!!!!!!!I fear 'when the drones come home to roost'!  Will we complain and be indignant  about US sovereignty and intrusion of our air-space?

Pakistan has a military shoot the trash down! Use their own drones to retaliate!

uh stop letting terrorist hide there?hhhhmmmmmm

Yes Drones shall be used to kill American born citizens who alien themselves with Taliban or Bin Laden so called coulter anywhere they find them in the America's   But wherever they exist you'll be sure to fine them using Human Shields. These animals, shields and sympathizers are all out for the destruction of The United States and it's allies around the world.  Propaganda for any National Political gain should be ignored in these very dangerous times.True Americans must stand behind a leader who has our best interest at heart. Cool?

Is it the fact that it's a drone, or just any aircraft?  Even if we send in an F-117 to shwak them, it has the same effect--the pilot still can't see any better.

WOW!!! UN TAKING A SIDE OF A MUSLIM COUNTRY??? that's different! THANK YOU UN! as far as the American Drone Strikes are concerned...the day is not far off when these drones will be used by your governments and army against you people! you are all so blinded that it has become very difficult for anyone to even bother reasoning with you. May God,protect the innocent people against such a disasterous AMERICAN ACT OF TERRORISM!

we did give them billions, so they should be ok with drones flying over their heads

These countries can fight their own war on extremists, about as well as the USoA can fight their war on drugs.

#$%$ the UN and Pakistan

They want you to get used to the idea that it is ok to use drone strikes.  That you should trust them that they are only killing those that are a threat.  Then one day it will be ok to do it on US soil.  I mean, really, they are only killing terrorists, doesn't matter where they live.  Of course some innocents will die - it's a war isn't it?“They say “Hate the government, not the people”But how can i hate the ignorant ‘sheeple’?It wouldn’t be fair on my partEven if they don’t ‘care’ and depict no heartThousands of innocent Muslims are being killed in a dayGodless sheeple can’t even prayWhat sorry luck we have one would thinkLittle do they know that the real victory is martyrdom and spreading the truth through ink‘Serial killers in uniform’ are being hailed as heroesSheeple don’t even know that now their value is lesser than ‘zeros’No matter how louder you disagree; No matter how much you protestI shall speak the truth, no matter how much you detestI want to say it outrightThe intention is to straighten things out not to fightSome people are afraid of my words‘Cause they are afraid of the truth, those cowards‘The men in uniform are heroes until they are defendersthey lose their respect as soon as they become offenders’”

Keep em' flyin' guy's!!!

And where are the 30 missing from 911? Are they even trying to get them back or locate them? Are they alive? I doubt it.

Only 400. Damn it we have got to do better.

Ben Emmerson would make better use of his time complaining about how Pakistan looks the other way when Taliban and Al Qaida terrorists, based in Northern Pakistan, cross into Afghanistan with their killing and bombing. And let's not forget Bin Laden having been caught hiding next to a Pakistani army base.

Yes, lets believe the Sovereign country after they hid Bin Laden for Years. Take away all aid and let India take care of them.

Complicated issue is complicated.On one hand, the dead civilians are radicalizing some people, on the other hand, the drone strike is relatively inexpensive and terrifying effective at killing people.Terrorists, in this case.

What???? Really???? Now the U.N. is actually going to take a stand on something!!! Give me a break....Bunch of hypocritical windbags.

how can some one justify the drone attacks ? it is totally genocide &amp; creating more rebels or in striker's language terrorists. How would you feel when a strike hit your home &amp; kills all your family just in one second ? definitely u will become a brutal revenge machine.I think more then US, Pakistanian Government should be blamed.

Eject the US from the UN. then Pakistan will take over the UN and all their diligates will be sitting in General Assembly with Yemen and Somalia and N.Korea as Chairpersons.LoLBlack oPs 2 has great training on how to fly drones.

damned if u do damned if u dont soon as another stevens happen everyone here will comment about it get over it tu es americana

Seriously Yahoo....has anyone yet noticed that these idiots at yahoo just put this article out and an article out earlier today saying the haqqani network was caught with 8 tons of explosives the biggest of all time in afghanistan......we need to start droning the media starting with these yahoo trashbag writers

Rev 13:13 He performs great signs, so that he even makes fire come down out of heaven to the earth in the presence of men.

The "War on Terror" was never a war we could or ever would win because it wasn't a war againt a people but a belief.  There will always be more raised with those beliefs, more trained to hate and fight against America, and America forcing our "democracy" and "protection" down everyone's throat only causing more to share those feelings.  I love this country, but I am certainly not proud of what we have allowed it to become.  Let's be allies, not leeches stuck to the backs of other governments and leadership.  Let's be supportive but not support.  I'm all about worldwide coalitions, but it's time to come home and help make AMERICA great again.

#$%$ them

If leftist Obama feels the need to use Drone strikes in Pakistan, we must reallllllly need to.  W.Bush would have done way more than just send a drone strike.  Appreciate what you have and know that you are only getting a small amount of the information of what is happening.  There is no SAFE on BASE and this is not a game of TAG.

Fork the UN.

Bin Laden lived around the corner from half of the Pakistan military leadership for years and all of a sudden we are to believe them when they say civilian casualties are caused by American drones?  400 civilian deaths is a small price to pay compared to the thousands of servicemen and women that have willingly died trying to protect these rodents from their own brothers and sisters.  This in a country where people bomb each others funerals, beat and rape little girls into marrying elderly men, treat women worse than they treat donkeys, and embrace murder as "the will of Allah"?  All the US should be sending into these countries is random volleys of cruise missiles to remind them who the eff they are talking to.

F  u  c  k    the   servicemen....i honor them by   f  u  c  k  i  n  g    their wivesPut me on the list of cutting off the aid.  We can expect soon for our Chinese lenders to demand wasteful gifts are paid in Chinese dollars.  Aother article I read today reveals that we our supplying Egypt (run by the Muslim Brotherhood) with advanced fighter aircraft and high tech tanks.  Shall we laugh or cry?

We better be careful the mighty U N might send us a nasty letter

Civilians? Civilians with guns...

Please do not underestimate Pakistan4th largest producer of Apricot, Cotton and Sugarcane5th largest producer of Milk and Onion6th largest producer of Date Palm7th largest producer of Mango8th largest producer of Tangerines, mandarin orange and Rice9th largest producer of Wheat10th largest producer of Oranges*Pakistan exports more than 3 to 4 billion in agro products.

Wait til the cartels In Mexico send the drones to attack us in San Diego, and Laredo TX

Isn't this how SKynet started in the Terminator?

We must have the practice to spy on our citizens when they need too!

I really hope were killing more terrorists than were creating.

Obama is a terrorist

We support and aid this country, help it to eliminate problems within its' own people, and they complain. I say, pull out our troops, stop the drone strikes, stop the AID THAT WE ARE SENDING THIS COUNTRY and let them finish each other off. Next?8 tons of bombs found in afghanistan today brought in by the haqqani network which is the pakistan taliban....lmao soveriegnty.....and pakistans govt and military are in bed with the haqqani network....the UN needs to be defunded by America leaders immediatly and keep droneing militans who pursue attacks against the people of afghanistan and are troops in afghanistan

EF em if they can't control their criminals then innocents will be collateral damage on the current small scale or a large scale when we are forced to nuke their #$%$. Sooner or later they will come after us as a united front.

The UN is useless these days. An empty shell with no teeth. the US should defund this waste of time and kick them out of New Jerk.

Guess Pakistan must have made there UN payment this month.

President Barack Obama has stepped up covert CIA drone strikes 25 strikes that allegedly killed around 200 civilianswar is war but when did the CIA become the army? why does the CIA have killer attack drones under there command?  hial Hitler Obama the NEW SS is born. HIALObama you going to blame everything on one race and kill them all off like hitler

then do something about it .

pak is full of weak #$%$. if they dont like it declare war.

DroneWoman Saves the USA

Who bloody cares what the UN says.  They never rule on a matter in favor of the US but will always favor the godless muslems.

maybe the U.N. should shut up and get more involved after all we carry them financially alsoThe U.N. can suck it! It is full of countries that hate everything the United States is about. Pakistan can suck it also. We don't know exactly how long they sheltered and protected a man that was responsible for the death of 2753 American citizens at 9-11, and has proven to be a sanctuary for Alqaeda to coordinated and launch attacks against American troops. So, the U.N., Pakistan, and all of barac's towel headed buddies, can suck it.

Pakistan is full of natural and human resources. It is the corrupt government system that causes all the evils and problems.1- World's largest irrigation system is in Pakistan.2- World's largest deep sea port is Gawadar in Pkaistan.3- Pakistan is a proud owner of tallest cake world record.4- World's largest milk processing plant with Nestle.5- Population of Pakistan is larger than Russia , although the land is much smaller.6- Pakistani armed force s are internationally ranked sixth largest in the world by 2010.7- India was kicked out from U19 world cup by Pakistan.8- Pakistan is the only muslim nuclear power.9- Sixth nuclear power of the world.10- Pakistan is ninth super-power nation of the world.11- Pakistan is notable for having one of the best trained airforce pilots in the world.12-Pakistan has world's youngest civil judge , Muhammad Illyas.13-Pakistan has seventh largest collection of scientists and engineers.14- About 50% of the world's footballs are made in Pakistan. 15- Pakistan's national anthem tune ranks first in the top three tunes of the world.16-Fourth largest broadband internet system of world is in Pakistan.17-The youngest certified microsoft technology specialist is a Pakistani who is only 12 yrs old.18- Second laregst salt mines of the world are Khewra Mines in Pakistan.19- Largest producer of chickpeas.20- Pakistan has sixth largest population in the world.

If someone makes a weapon out of an airplane full of people and rams it into my house ,You bet if i live thru it I won't ask your right to attack any way i can UN or not , and if you get in my line of fire you could get hurt also and i would not care.

I told you so, the biggest dictator in the world still belongs to the USA. Using Democracy as pretext to dominate the globe. You, Americans name me a dictator who killed more human being than your government?

good kick us out of there in fact tell us bad united states get back to your own country and stop taking care of the rest of the world.... i personally would like to see the united states bring everyone home reinvest in our country instead of helping others and i bet our national debt would be paid off in about 5 years not to mention our entire structure would be stronger than ever

Looks like Pakistan shows the UN the same respect we do.  We lie to them to continue getting what we want.

So after Abu Graib, liberals called Bush a war criminal and wanted his head on a platter, so Liberals whats your reaction to this?

Lets honor all nations sovereignty so the Congress, POTUS, and SCOTUS can honor the 314 Million Citizens losing our sovereignty under the Debt Fraud when In fact we could pay it off and keep it debt zero every Jun Jul Aug prior fiscal start of the new year. The FED and TREASURY can loan ea citizen $57 K now and end this. Then the Social Security credit debit card carry the balance to ea citizen to have bookkeeping to each account making it completely legal with out congressional interference. This is the solution they are not telling us.

So what? The last I heard, Pakistan was no friend of ours. And, by the way, did anyone notice that they didn't mention the fact that the terrorists occupying No. Pakistan also are "violating its sovereignty."

What is the UN doing! Would they perfer that we declare war on them?  I know many Americans would rather fund a war than help create peace.  My fellow Americans this is further proof that the nice guy finishes last.Oh but there was six killings in NY and everyone knows that there are noinnocent people in Pakistan but as our society get more and more unjust there will be plenty news coverage here. All you Jeti get ready the evil empire is close at hand. Drone Wars coming to a theater near you!'!

Nations that declare to the world their sovereinty , should not look to the world for support. Drone strikes kill 400 civilians, on the other hand the suspects and their ideology will kill,oppress, and pollute the mind of an entire nation. At some point they should get sick and tired of the militants themselves and drive them from their homeland. We are simply providing a slight nudge in the scheme of things. One nation under god, believe it.

The UN donkeys lmao, attacking there sovriegnty after the us and afghanistan told pakistan to do mliitary options themselves before the drone strikes started and they said no we dont have the army to do it there stretched to thin...The US has ot defund the UN immediatly they pay majority of the costs and all thsee leaders in pakistna,russia, china etc are cold blooded killers

Ya well, the terrorists did a little more then invade our airspace on 9-11. In my opinion the UN is aiding in sheltering terrorists and are a bunch of dim witted fools for making such a ridiculous proclamation.

It is "1984"  29 years late....

Another reason Rand Paul will get my vote in 2016.  Stop the aid, bring our troops home, allow a sovereign nation to be sovereign.

hey just wait America. those drone will soon be shooting and targeting  Americans here at home.

I actually love the people in pakistan but the leaders of that country believe in terrorism....christians shiites indians all get killed and they do nothing, that gov't is gonna fall the US better have a plan to get there nuclear missiles before the militants get them

Pakistan allows terrorists to live within their borders, allows them training grounds, takes money from other countries in aid as they plead poverty, what a load of tosh. In the UK most of the wealthy Pakistanis send money home and I bet they do so from other countries. If they wan,t to complain lets all remove our troops, our aid, send ALL Pakistanis back there and seal up the borders so they can all kill each other

"Sovereignty"? Is not the UN the world's government?Hope the machines will get smart enough and enslave humanity. i don't mind serving a rational master.

Drone strikes are the only thing saving pakistan from the people in pakistan who want to do harm, there army is in bed with the people in the lawless areas, that gov't is gonna fall I hope the U.S. has a plan on taking there nuclear missiles

I wonder who kills more civilians, the Obama policy to take out terrorist or the Israeli policy of taking out terrorist.

Pakistan who openly works with al qaeda hiding bin laden next to a military base....the UN is a bunch of killers, not the U.S. oh yea they just found 8 tons of bombs in afghanistan who was brought in by the Haqqani network aka the pakistan taliban......lmao the UN is a bunch of terrorists america needs to be better thne that and keep your money instead of funding the UN. The UN only stands for killing americans, not for bring peace to anywhere.

Pakistan terrorists violate US sovereignty

If a drone saves one American life the whole program is worth it. Wiping out leaders of terrorist groups has the potential to save thousands of lives from all around the globe.

We should pull our troops and support out of the country. A general during WWII when asked to surrender by the German gave his answer as NUTS. Our final wordsto the people of Pakistan should be If we get attack by al-crazy or the taliban remember this word. Nuke.

Well then just declare war with pakistan then, thats where all the people attacking the soveriegnty of afghanistan and us. troops are hiding its as simple as that. The UN is the biggest donkey organization and the U.S. should stop defunding it immediatley b/c its just a waste of money.

The US "intelligence" services and army-- the biggest international terrorist operation in the world!

Who cares what the UN thinks.   I am not that fond of Obama, but as far as I am concerned, Kick the UN out of NY and stop going to the meetings... They are a worthless organization that does nothing but suck money out of this country.Where was the UN in WW2? we killed millions of civilians in germany and japan. Colateral damage.

Isn't technology wonderful !!!

2 thumbs up for the Drones

The UN is not a peace keeping body, because It takes sides, Jesus did not take sins between evil man and God

Keep striking 'em President Obama.  For too long we have sent them money to fight terrorism and now we find out that they were using OUR money to fund terrorism.  Just like we fun the biggest terrorists ever...that being Israel.

Wang Dan, one of the leaders of the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989, lives in Los Angeles now. I'm sure that if China dropped a bomb on his house and killed him, people here in the U.S. would complain. I know I would.

but W. Bush said that hey hate us because of our freedoms.  Obama = Bush 3.0

I had to go back and read that a second time,Pakistan said it is capable of dealing with Islamist terrorist on it's own. Yeah right sort of like the way they took care of bin laden right.ha  Keep bombing these bums,they have zero desire to help the U.S

It's Bush's fault.

Pakistan is as much of a country as Somalia or any other lawless territory. Whom does the "government" exactly represent?How quickly people in this country forget.  Doesn't everyone remember why the U.S. is doing this?  I'm not even an Obama supporter, but at least he's following through with tracking down these terrorists.  Almost 3,000 CIVILIANS lost their lives on 9/11.  As far as I'm concerned, we have 2,600 more to go and then we can call it even!!!

If the US cuts aid to Pakistan more militants will die due to starvation than from drones.

It's good to see so many thumbs down, no matter what the comment says.

This is Me        Pretending to give a darn what the u.n. thinks

"capable of fighting the war against Islamist extremism in the country by itself".  This from the same people who sheltered OBL?  Interesting.

U.S. out of Afghanistan; Pakistan, and especially the United Nations. It's time to stop sending financial aid to nations who use the money to attack our citizens and our interests. Move the U.N. out of New York and put them on trial in The Hague. Leave the desert dwellers to fight amongst themselves.

These strikes are crimes against humanity if they are true and those responsible for and in charge of these strikes are like #$%$...pure evil...

FIrsdt bring the troops home Stop giving away money. But if were going to use drones. Let it be a warning if you hang with the suspects you can get burned too.

Mr. Obama is no better than Osama Bin Laden both were killers and murderers of innocent people.

Just because you don't take an interest in the UN doesn't mean the UN won't take an interest in you.If Pakistan would take its own trash, we wouldn't have to.

BUT...didnt he win the Nobel Peace prize. Bet they are regreting that one.

pull them out let them deal with the terriorists oh wait they are terrists too. oh and cut off the aid ie. money

F$}k the UN

Pakistan lied about its nuclear weapons program years ago. Did Emmerson and his UN team failed to notice that official lying is a norm in Pakistan?

Let me put it quite simply for everyone.... In war people die, both combatants and non-combatants alike... That is the harsh cruel reality of war...  And though it is horrible that sometimes innocent people die that is what happens in war...  Also if Pakistan were to help provide better security in those war torn rural areas that the Pakistani Taliban inhabit, maybe less people would die from drone strikes.  But Pakistan's own ignorance and reluctance to act is causing this to happen.  The U.S. has the right to defend not only its troops in Afghanistan but its homeland as well, and if killing terrorists by using drones in Pakistan helps our national security and security abroad while reducing U.S. casualties then I say keep the drone strikes coming...

pakistan,taliban,al qaida,obama.Nothing important in that group.I think the major fast food chains have some new things on their menus.

┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐ to the UN and Pakistan.  Keep the drone program going for the protection of the USA!

Civil Rights for terrorists??? Are they members of any human rights groups?? Thot Not, oops, only when they get CAUGHT!!!

Muslim countries need to stop using the petrocurrency and drop he dollar hyper inflation in america but the crypto Jew leaders like the qataris Saudis will not as they are Jews reallyA secret mission? Maybe Ben Emmerson, the U.N. special rapporteur on human rights and counter-terrorism should investigate the IED and suicide bombings that have killed thousands in #$%$stan and Afghanistan. Who is this turd? Oh thats right he works at the UN.. Useless person..who is too stupid to investigate even his #$%$ for hemroids. Anyone can go on a so called secret mission and write what some Islamist #$%$ tells you. Guess what Ben.. you can only believe half of what a muslim tells you.. He went from NYC to his nice Hotel in Islamabad. Had great dinners and drinks on the UN budget. Lets see his photos of him in warzeristan investigating. I know you will not see any. All you will see is him at the Hilton having a Martini.

Hey 1/ percenters ! Riddle us this ,What do these cave dwellers have that we need in the U.S.A ? As they have made it perfectly clear to the whole world they don't want any thing we have yup! They can't spell democracy they refer to themselves  as Tribal people need I say  more? No !

Wrong to judge war with civil criminal concepts.  The enemy doesn't get to go home at the end of the day to be with their family and friends.

How do some people who are indorsing violence get a yellow flag on their post? Whats going on there huh? All is not fair in love nor war! Its certainly out of a control nightmare that these drones came flying. Are we kidding with this? You can be killed for simply being in the wrong country, and by our own government. It kind of puts us in the same category with other countries, then they are trying to get it through to use them on us, in our own country! Out of control government is an understatement!!

War means war. If there are casualties then to bad. Thats the problem today. To many politicians making descions on our boys fighting for us.Thats what makes change unfortunitly because people get scared into change. There could be more be glad for our technology.

The sad reality of this is, we can't trust the word of any nation...

Obama has his own agenda not only here in the US but also in the world.  He's doing whatever he wants and doesn't care what anyone thinks.  If terrorist can find their way into our country they can find their way to him.  Dangerous game for him to play.

These are just war games of what may come home one day. Dont be a fool. And the sickest part. Alot of people are making alot of money investing in the companies that think up this shhhht.

F the UN and F Pakistan

WHO gives a Squat what thee UN thinks? N. Korea doesn't &amp; neither do I.welcome to the human race this has been going on since the written word was discovered. People want to kill other people and don't ask me why. It seems stupid.

A wise man once said of human nature "might makes right."

sovereign this Deick!!!!!

What do you people think we are paying all the money to Pakistan for...So we can DRONE their terrorists and civilians....

#$%$ Pakistan, sending drones(robots) after any human being anywhere is a human right issue and should be stop.

Huh?!? I thought Obama was a man to bring peace.  But yet here he is driving a wedge between us and another country.Where are all the Bleading heart liberals to protest these actions.  They were Abundant during the Bush administration.Oh thats right the current Hider in Chief is keeping us in the dark about thses illegal actions.  How much more proof do we need that this guy has no Idea what he is doing.  I thought he was the great diplomat.

Honing those drone skills before bringing them home to America....

Casualties of the Iraq War..733,000 deaths as a result of the conflict..A total of 4,486 U.S. soldiers were killed in Iraq between 2003 and 2012..drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty...so the Billions we have shelled out or poured in or out..to Pakistan..it isn't enough?..drones save US men and women life's.. priceless..

So Rand Paul was right then?

And what Pakistan's government is going to do about it. I know what any other government would do.So Emmerson meets with al-Qaida and Taliban supporters and then says that they are not happy with the US flying drones over Pakistan, killing terroists..... makes sense.

not to mention they give Mr. Obama a Nobel Peace Prize...makes sense!

I am wondering who is the real terrorist in this article? Take the toy drones from Obama and stop this.  This is very scary and I wonder win the first strike on Americans is going to happen.Something wrong with this picture.

It is good to see that the UN is finally developing a backbone.  Pakistani officials understand that they cannot publicly endorse a killing campain in Waziristan, but they are somewhat dependent not only on US funding but also intimidated by US potential wrath.  The crux of this mess centers around who is a "bad guy" and casual acceptance of the concept of "collateral damage".  It is barbaric that US citizens have become so bloodthirsty while being susceptible to media propoganda.  For the good of the entire world, we must renounce the goal of world-wide domination which will surely bite us in the butt.

The civilian deaths are still well under the amount of innocent people killed in the World Trade Center.

Americans killing civilians....so what new?

Americans are next !!!

What's happened rd I freedom of speech?

The mineral deposits in Afghanistan are vast and will reward those who can afford the technology to mine it all. That's why Haliburton is over there. Haliburton was just one of the government contractors hired to "rebuild" Afghanistan. And Haliburton performs "soil tests" first before "rebuilding" can take place."Soil tests" consist of drilling, excavating, thermo and sonar - which reveals various minerals,oil, and gas.This is all just hypothetical of course.I completely agree with what Grunt posted about 3 hrs ago.

Dis be de racist statement of year. De Drone is de nashnul burd of Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Many peeples who is davote musIims is pray to de Drone cos dey is tink de Drone is resemble Prophet Muharnrneds poppycock or Peter. In Pakistan de is coll de Drone as "Droneullah" meaning a gift from de AIIah. Pakistan is grate.Bottom line....the countries of the Middle East honor terrorists as heroes becaus they are the only ones who have been able to intimidate the US.  The fact that a Black US President with a Muslim name refuses to back down is making this an impossible situation.  It would be better for them to hate a white man who they view as ignorant instead of hating a Black man who they view as a sell out.

When the UN takes care of eliminating terrorists threats to civilized nations, they can have a say... otherwise, get the hell out of the way while Uncle Sam takes care of it… like he usually does.......

The U.S does whatever we want !!!  Who's really going to stop us anyway that's the mindset we have. The largest threat the U.S faces is its unity and civil war from those who support the  regime and does who do not and then we got those who don't even want to be in the union in the first place like the South.

There's such a thing as "collateral damage", I thought....It's not like they would hide Osama Bin Laden in plain site for 10 years....

Why didn't O'Scumbo send armed drones to save the Americans in the Libyan embassy? Where are the 29 survivors, and why can't the media question them? WHERES THAT STORY YAHOO!!!!!!!

DRONE SAYS: THE UNITED NATIONS ARE DREAMING !

so we would rather send our troops to do something we can do remotely w/ no troops at risk? but then the next article will be about too many troops are dying...Just support the people who protect OUR freedoms....like it or not, its the right thing to do

Why yes. Yes they do. So do the hundreds of millions of dollars in aid. Let's end both.

Hey if they are good enough to kill Americans at will by this president then they are good enough to violate your sovereignty.

We are all drones ,,so get back to work and give that tax money up, thay will need it over seasso what if 400 were killed. we are fighting a war against taliban.  wwii usa bombers killed 40,000 german civilians in one day. was is ugly, war is bad but to win you do what you have to do. most of the dead were with taliban. if there is a taliban in a building you kill him. if others are with him they are accomplices and deserve to die also.

ya and why doesent the congress people start working for the American people, instead of just collecting a check, and then giving themselves a raise---DA

Unless I'm missing something, aren't terrorists technically "civilians"...so, were the 400 "civilians" killed actually the people the US were targeting in the first place?  the US is at war with terrorists, civilian ones and non-civilian ones, so if they are a known terrorist or aiding terrorism, they should be prepared to be attacked. Nice reporting here.  [sarcasm]  There's a big difference between "civilians" and "innocent bystanders".  Please report the number of innocent bystanders please.

Pakistan is a terrorist country openly allowing terrorist to operate freely. They allowed OBL to hide out for years until seal team 6 took him out. If they want the drones gone it is simple kill the terrorists.

The US needs to start using Drones in North Korea...

Government drones (not the reps in washington) coming to a neighborhood close to you - maybe even your own.  How do you like the federal government now?  Things sure have changed starting with the reagan administration.

Big brother is upon us!!

I love how so many of you hate the drone strikes, and then when the U.N. looks into it, you're all "screw the U.N.".  Ok well, maybe usually they are stupid, but when they are on you're side in an argument, why are you bashing them?  I just say "thanks" for a change.

Has the UNs 007 investigated his hemroids yet.. Probably not because he is still looking for his #$%$

If I need information from Big Ben.. the UNs 007 .. I will find him at a 5 star hotel in Islamabad with a Martini in his hand. What good are these people. First world countries continue to support this loser third world organization. That is useless. Secret investigations what a joke. Lets all give ten dollars to pay Big Ben's...sorry the UNs 007s parking tickets..And what do all of the terrorists they harbor violate in regards to us?

I don't see much different between drone bombing and regular fighter plane.  In the end, you either support both or neither.

NO Not President Obama .... BUSH started that program. Please give this guy a break and let him serve his term

I agree bring our troops home asap

F the sand N#ggers!

Geez. What was waterboarding again?

What goes up must come down hmmmm

Drone's save lives, American lives, while killing radical Muslim terrorists! What's not to like about DRONES?

President Peace Prize just wants to golf with Tiger.

IF the terrorist organizations didn't hide in civilian populations and use them as human shields there wouldn't be civilian casualties.Why am I not surprised that the US Government and Military is over-extending its rights, welcome, and big, invasive nose where it doesn't belong?  There are days that I'm really ashamed to be from the USA.

US doesn't feel the heat thousands of miles away. The world policeman has taken the roles of judge, jury and executioner itself. Simply shameful by any standards!

Awesome, I was just thinking how badly we need another enemy in the middle east.

Stop as we can not Police the World and clean our own mess Crime Gangs the Mafia and the ILLEGAL Work Force and get rid of the of the Political Corruptcian

Sure, but honor U.S. sovereignty by allowing drone attacks on our own people. #$%$ is wrong with this picture!!!

Stop the aid to foreign countries that harbor, assist terrorists! Step up all attacks on terrorists with drones no matter where they are at.

The program was design to find and kill enemies that kill more them 400 in a week all around the world and some time more in one single day ! (remember that september ?) . There has been casualties of war since ever in the history !! ....Sorry for the casual victim but .....the drone should continue !.

This picture looks like a puppet, you can even seen the strings... what do you take me for, and idiot?....SCIENCE IS A SHAM! We need to pray (and donate to the church) to get rid of EVIL!!!! Last I checked the earth is only 6000ish years old, AND JESUS WALKED ON IT! That's what the Good Book says, and I'm sticking to it. You will all burn in the darkest dephs of hell for your crimes against the lord. I believe in GOD IN THE HIGHEST!! Not zeus, allah, or nothing (atheists), whatever you baspheming sinners pray for.... If you don't like what I have to say you can lick my white Christian nuts, because God isn't happy with YOU!

Although American forces have the latest technology which they are using in the war against terrorism, but in the Pakistani areas that are hit by these drone strikes seems that this technology is not being used in a useful way and in almost all of the times the ordinary common people are being killed by these strikes due to resemblance with the Talibans. The US Army has to reconsider its policies for using drones for killing Talibans.For more news about Asia, my website can be visited.

Bush killed 100,000 civilians in Iraq. Obama's ratio is much better for the civiliansI too do not support drone strikes...especially when nukes would be more effective against that cesspool of a nation!!!

This artical was needed, thank God.

Mr. Emmerson, hope you will take up one more mission to study Pakistan's Militancy on India and visit all the terrorist training camps in Pakistan!

Like I said Obama your a MURDERER if INNOCENT people! You will have to stand trial!

How many civilians died in 9-11 again?

Why weren't drones used to find the Americans before they were beheaded on tape and shown in the US?

dont you just love human kind know how to shoot a gun but dont know how to grow a plant go figure

f the UN-if others had the toys we would have been toast by the end of the 60's

They use civilians as shields.  Wake up paks and help yourself by turning them in. Also, #$%$'s aren't going to gert any sympathy from USA.  Not at all!  Only good thing obama is doing.

Duh ya think.....!The intelligence service of Pakistan covertly helps Taliban in order to get aid from us. This has been their way of living for decades.

In a battle between Obumma &amp; The Pakistan, I prefer to enjoy watching them hurt each other, rather than pick sides.

I wonder how our citizens and government would react if Russian drones are flying all over us.

Pakistan said it was capable of fighting the war against Islamist extremism in the country by itself. Is that so? Pakistan is directly involved in training terrorists. It has done nothing to stop cross-border terrorism. Karachi, Lahore, Quetta, Peshawar, and NW areas have become areas of intense Islamic terrorism. So do you believe what pakistan says? Quran allows Taqqiya (telling lies when necessary) and that Taqqiya clause is used by all Muslims. DO NOT BELIEVE WHAT THESE RATS SAY OR DO.

I've been saying for years the UN needs to leave NY, and US Funding of them needs to STOP. They are anti USA and yet Pres obummer is willing to put our Troops under it's control &amp; violate their Oath to "Protect and Serve" their country. Now we see how quickly the UN is "supporting" Pakistan (muslims) in their story of US violating Pakistan air space. It's a WAR, and taliban &amp; alquada go in and out of Pakistan at will &amp; Pakistan doesn't complain about that, but let USA pursue them &amp; kill them &amp; we're the bad guys? We're in a Budget Crunch, so cut our ties with the UN, BLAMMO! We save Billions!

Pakistan has no sovereignty, its a 3rd world backwater country. We should own them by now.

lets banned the drones 400 hundred poeple where killed on count of them. there killers .ban them.!!!!!

Civilians being killed?? Just because a mom, grandmother and great grandmother were killed in the strikes does not make them civil. They are cooking and  taking care of there little taliban fighters. They are just as bad as the ones that pull the triggers and blow up cars. Get the heck out of pakistan, stop giving them foreign aid and let them routte. Lets stop wipping the rest of the worlds #$%$ and take care of our own... If there is a natural disaster.. then lets help out.. but until then.. .lets let the rest of the world deal with their own problems.

They need more than their sovereignty violated.

400 heathan Pakies killed??... Whut's the problem????Collaterel damage, you want to harbor terrorists, let them walk around your country like it's all good the this kind of report should come as no surprise.

Well.. Pakistan Army should have eliminated Talibans on its soil.. if they can't or doesn't want to.. let the Drones do it..

Wow! It sounds like somebody wants a bigger #$%$

Oh, but what they did to the twins towers and the Pentagon wasn't, eh? If Pakistan had substantial oil reserves, there'd be a lot more than drones dropping on them to whack terrorists they support and defend. Don't want drones hitting you? Move to North Korea.

Oh Boo Hoo

Long live King Obama!!!

Well take care of the problem yourself thats all I have to say on this....  As long as our borders are closed to these #$%$ then let them fester over in that (s)hit hole..

sides

Obama said he would end Bush's policy's on torture.  He lied.  He said he would reinstate due process, he lied.  Obama is a just a typical P.O.S. politician.  No better than Bush, no worse.

THE UN SUCKS .... without them there would probably be 40,000 more dead AMERICANS ,,,,ha, ha, ha - foreign sovereignty, oxymoron...still waiting on the zombie apokolypse

I'm sorry if any innocent people are killed by accident.  But we need to keep in mind, no country in the history of the world works harder than the United States to prevent civilian casualties if we did not care than we would use B-52s carpet bombing, that would annihilate everything within miles.

No Americans in Pakistan, Afghanistan, and on other foreign soil means no US soldiers will die offshore.  Also couple with that no aid money or arms to anyone who does not police their own back yards.  Retaliation against acts of terror directly against the USA should be answered by missiles triggered from our strategic control facilities in Nebraska and they don't have to be nuclear.

Jesus took no sides between God and evil man

and to think they want to use drones here in the states... you can control the drone you can control the missile but you cant control the where the fragmen's go flyin

The UN is just a nother body of reprobate minds, they are not peace keepers, like they claim to be. It takes evil men to destroy evil men. Peace keepers take no sides

Using drones saves  the lives of our soldiers AND civilians. Does anybody remember that we killed 100,000 Iraqi citizens? That we lost a few thousand of our guys too? The main reason the GOP is whining about drones is that they cant give BIG FAT WAR CONTRACTS to their buddies.They refused to include them in the budget so they can scream their heads off about the debt. These are FACTS that anybody can gain acess to if they care to actually check.

How can we be the "good guys," and act without morals? Something is wrong.

Why is it musmutts like hussein obama do not decry the death of other "innocent" musmutts.  If our president was not a musmutt the world of ishlam would be in an uproar.Just goes to show the idealolgy of the musmutt

The US says it's for a demacratic society but if another country wants the same rights to their land-- woo be to them. Cut off the "aid" then they can cut off what off whatever they send us. That is the American way.And bin laden wasn't in there country a few years ago. I don't think i believe anything that pakistan has to say.

oh who cares. like you would even do anything if they did this to us. keep drinking your fluoride. A S H K E N A Z I

I love how all you idiots can ever do is complain on the internet....u want change so bad get off ya lazy #$%$ and do something...pricks

Ya think?

Drones dont kill people.  Handguns do.  And anyway, this is Bush's fault.

Good for the senator! Gay Pride all the way! YAYYYYYYY!

Cant say I really care what Pakistan thinks... or the UN for that matter.... But I am not sure I would be able to look the family of the innocent that were killed in the eye without some compassion

Well in war civilian is always the casualty. Especially when the enemy hide's around civilian thinking that they can get away with in cross border raids or hide out. Just drop more bombs on them with these Drones.

I am the eggman. We are the eggmen. I am the derp-man. derp, derp, dee-derp.

God bless the NEW GOP! Rand Paul! Marco Rubio lead the way!Does any one really care if the Pakistanis are up set?

They were not to worried about our innocent civilians on 9/11.

We need to drop a bomb on pakistan's capital building.

respect others sovereignty so they would respect our !

Who is the dumb #$%$ that decided to give Obama the Nobel Peace Prize? How dumb can people be about something that serious.

I love how countries who can't even control their own cities, let alone a vast region claim to be "sovereign". Lol. How's Musharraf doing these days? Get control of your government and your people before you claim to be a real nation.

Obama - Osama... whats the difference...

Between this and record deportations, not the Change i was Hoping for . . .  sort of thing you would expect from GWB . . . only worse.

I know it is worse than Sandy Hook where they tortured christian children with knives and ice picks !

Secret is out clik on my name .Yahoo has a secret, click on my name.

Amber Alert : Where is Sydney Randell ???

Full story, click on my name.

We have to accept that if a drone killed anyone in our family just going about their daily lives we might turn to terrorism. It isn't right, but it's understandable. Drone strikes might kill a few terrorists, but we create more in the process. It just doesn't work. Can you imagine our outrage if our family members were killed by a foreign drone attack?

Amber Alert : Where is  Sydney Randell ????????

Answer: Muslim civilian.What is an Oxymoron, Alex?

950,000 missing and murdered every year !!!BLOOD IS A PRECIOUS COMMODITY !  Where is the blood ? Who always wants the Blood ? Who is kiddnapping mothers and their babies and throwing them out of the window ??

"Scream " it from the roof tops ! Where are the children and when they are found, where is the Blood ????????

Pakistan is far too militarily weak to have soverignty! lol, we go up in there when we want, do what we do, and their are no repercussions, cause they dont have the POWER to do anything to us! remeber when we got bin laden from their back yards, LOL we run up in a military town and they showed up 30 min later AHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAH u knows how we do's guuuuurl

Where are your children ???????Where are your children ???????

THATS NOTHING !!!!Wait till our supreme comrade commander starts KILLING US here at home !!!

Where is Sydney Randell ?? A MBER A LERT ~!!!!

If the UN doesn't like them then I guess I do, the UN is the joke of the entire world.

Civilian casualties from U.S. drone strikes is unfortunate and steps need to be taken to avoid it and keep the target on terrorists alone, but its funny there is no UN report on the bombings in Pakistan directly aimed at civilian casualties.  It happens in such ease and in such frequency, it is either criminal negligence by the government or done in collusion with them.

well the drones are a valuable tool of war and surveilance , but lets cut to the chase if the pakistani gov was not allowing the taliban to use their country as a staging ground to kill Americans after we have paid them untold millions of dollars to do just that then the drones might not be being used, but i really love it when the goat humpers #$%$ and moan about the drones proves they work.................

Lets pray together: May the killers of innocents suffer humiliating defeat..Ameen!

Bribe one military person and one elected person and you can claim the approval of the key persons from the country. Sounds like stupid Bush policy....make up lies as you go.

"5 dancing Israelis" told FBI that Israel is glad 911 happened so American people will sympathize with Israel. Are we ???. Read the true stories, not Amerikan propaganda from CNN, FOX &amp; other media. Jews control 100&amp;% of the congress, senate therefore 110% of US President. ~~.

Why borther... We have to kill first and then restore peace for the country that is the way every country and government run their systems so far.Who cares? If you harbor terrorists that are on our most wanted list we will get them wherever they are. The US told the world that after 911. Drones are better than full scale invasion. Until Mullah Omar and a couple other #$%$ are captured or dead it is what it is. Any country that harbors terrorists and lets them flourish and attack Americans, better get used to it.

War sucks....  people die. What the UN says is true, especially about the affect of the drone strikes on the radicalization of the Pakistani people. The possible exception is the concept of establishing a lasting peace in Pakistan.

Let me see if I got this right, The United States government claim that they are our friends (Pakistanis) and claim to have provided "funds", then why is our city in high levels of inflation, unemployment and more? Why are they opposing the new pipeline deal we made with Iran when they clearly have to business or right to tell us so? When will the righteous people of America open their minds and hearts to the criminals acts of their own government and political system? I pray that God help them all and forgive them of any wrong doings for which they have no knowledge of.

Only the useless UN would assign a team to see if using a missile-carrying weapon across a sovereign border "violates sovereignty". And only the UN would fail to equally note that the reason for the violation is that Pakistan actively harbors tens of thousands of people who slip across the border in the other direction and violate Afghanistan's sovereignty. They'll ignore the worthless sanctimonious irrelevant UN.

Using drones is the most cowardly way to fight a war anyways.

Pakistan allows them to use drones. Its not violating anything as long as the U.S gets an ok from a high up in the #$%$ gov

It's because of stories like these that I refuse to have kids. I'm 28 years old and have great genes to pass on but feel this country is way too out of control to risk producing another life/slave for its use. Any parent out there I consider a selfish moron, which it shouldn't have been like that.

The only ones with negative comments are Republicans displaying their Obstructionist ways. They are willing to side with the Terrorists just to make a point, placing this entire country in Jeopardy.  They trash our President and attack our Government just because they lost the election. Similar to any Domestic terrorists, when you call them on it, they claim ignorance.

"Sequester" the monies provided to buy lip service to American (?) interests.

Stop the Obama administration from these attacks! These liberals are all about war and destroying America! Send the troops home and out with the Patriot Act. These liberals and democrats are taking our freedom! Dems need to be done away with and replaced with conservatives that have value not these illegal monkeys. God bless America!UN has finally awoken, after thousands are already dead...

Let's see nations with nuclear weapons who hate us:  Pakistan, North Korea, China, Russia, and soon Iran.  Mr. Obama do we have enough nukes to go around sir?

I am all for taking out the terrorists, but honestly, if this was happening on American soil to American citizens, would people be pi(ss)ed?  Yeah, I think they would.

When the Chinese send over 350 million drones to the U.S. soon.  Everyone in the U.S. will have their own drone to kill them, like how Mr. Obama uses his to kill others.  That's called fair play.

Drones are a  nasty addition to all of mankind. People making and controlling these robots are EVIL.

I wonder how many more thugs Obama has killed than W. Bush. I tend to think it is the same amount but Obama can't keep a secret. This is what happens to loose "N" lips.

What is the problem w drones in the opinion of Rand?  Maybe he should join the military befor being such an expert.

The terrorists are basically cowards.  They hide among the civilian population and use them as shields.  That said; There will always be collateral damage in the form of civilian deaths.

screw the u.n., pakistan and that towelheaded, corrupt third world leader karzi.get the u.n. out of the u.s and the u.s. out of the u.n.  move the u.n. to north korea or syria.GO DRONES.

F Off UN.  Pakistan lost it's sovereignty rights when they started to harbor terrorists including Bin Laden.#$%$ obama?!!

1. Obama admin classifies all able bodied individuals in a strike zone a militants to scew civil casualty numbers2. Country that hid bin laden has no say in the matter3. UN can shove it

Maybe if we quit secret drone attacks (and any other attacks) maybe these countries wouldn't be so intent on killing us back. But I guess this deep into it its a little late for that.

Why does everyone seem to think it's a good idea to leave the radicals islamists alone?Isolationism didn't work in World War II and it won't work now. We left them alone prior to 9/11/01 and look what it got us.

It would be a shame if the UN ever folded.  A bunch of duplicitous douches would be out of a job.

Pakistanis are going to sue for damages for personal injuries and wrongful deaths.

It's Bushes fault.

Hey, Obummer won the Peace Medal.  He'd never order anyone killed,  It must be Bush's fault.

This is a disgusting crime against humanity. We are all human, regardless of where we are born. These 400+ CIVILIANS deserved better from a global superpower that has no business being there to begin with. Makes me sick to my stomach and I can only hope that someone within the U.S. government is held accountable one day.

Does this same UN outfit investigates civilian deaths caused by the Taliban and other islamist extremists????we need to get the #$%$ out.

Bobo doesn't respect the Laws of THIS country, why should he care about a third world armpit?

So Yahoo! actually reported some bad news, REAL BAD, about the Great Oz.  NOT.  When, in this world are you gong to attack this President like you did Bush.  If Bush did this we all would be yelling as loud as we could.  But you did not once lay blame of these policies on Obama.  Well I must admit, he has not really been the CEO of America.  He is a great marketing executive though, Campaigner and Chief.  May be Donnie Deutch can give him a job in his add agency.  You came close Yahoo!.  But they (your testicles) haven't decended yet.

America will must pay for this

Nobel peace prize winning Obama

Hey UN, let's here your idea for dealing with these A-holes.

Nothing any of us says is going to change anything. The Executive Branch of our Gov now operates as a dictatorship issuing edicts to wage wars without congressional approval. They pick and choose who they are going to kill, including American citizens, and they don't give a damn about our comments. 911 did a lot more to destroy our country than just knocking down three buildings. We lost our civil liberties to boot and they aren't going to give them back to us. Get used to it.

Who gives a hoot? Colateral damage is a part of war. If the Pakies wouldn't give sancuary to the terrorist, the colateral damage would be minimal.

They are not civilians if they provide support to terrorist.  If they did not provide support, they would not be able to hide there.

Be fair!! how would you feel if other countries get hold of this drone technology and secretly use it on people on Amrican land which they see as a threat to their country? and ignoring civilian casualties.It is just wrong.Who cares what we violate over there!  Planes, tanks and soldiers were killing innocent civilians long before drones.

These lying paranoid hegemony American war pigs should stop abusing their powers and get the hell out of Pakistan air space!!!   How would you like it if the Pakistans flew drones in U.S.!!!

Pakistan should learn to control their own borders...It's concerning that these people have nuclear weapons

Put Pakistan on the same list as Iran

Pakistani based terrorists violate our sovereignty!

For my part, I am unconcerned about violating the soveignty of a nation that executes people for insulting Islam.  Their very legitimacy as a nation is forfeit just on the basis of how they treat their women and religious minorities alone.

The U.N. is nothing more than a committee of spear-chuckers and cave-dwellers

It is clear that Ben Emmerson simply wants to make a name for himself, and is ignoring the complicated dance Pakistan must do in order to allow drone flights, but at the same time not.  His motives are unclear at best, at worst, he is a support and puppet of the Taliban.

Not being a big Obama fan, I have to lend him my full support here. Clearly we don't care much for a hostile country's sovereignty where American troops are being attacked from within its borders and openly rejects any attempt to help us find those who are supposedly our common enemy. Osama was found there, remember. Pakistan should feel LUCKY we don't declare outright war against them, in my humble opinion, anyway.

And Pakistan is overstepping Afghanistan sovereignty by harboring and aiding the Taliban..To damn bad

put the UN out of the US - stop funding the UN or at the very least cut the expense by 50% - and yes stop the drones over another country - no matter what the rationality America must not be looked upon as the angels of death.. in my 58 years of life I can't recall our country ever..and I mean EVER not being in some damn crisis needing troops or surgical strikes - and its past time we take a break from this and take care of our own gaping borders.

kill all muslim islamic pig for peace baby!!!

ok then move the UN office to Palistan and let them fund it .....what a bunch of losers !!!

How would we react if Pakistan did this to us?

I don't understand. The U.S. government has been murdering innocent people for decades. It's a problem now because we use robots to do it?

THIS IS NOT A WAR. We're killing #$%$ off local people who are angry because their country is being occupied and robbed. Imagine if China invaded the US and starting stealing our natural resources and installed a proxy version of their financial institution that we had to abide by? al qaeda probably doesn't exist anymore, we would never know because we're fed so much US propaganda everyday - yes, its real!

If a country takes aid from us, they no longer have sovereignty.

I realize we are Mericans..Gods gift to the world.. but how many countries are we going to invade, B4 someone realizes that the #$%$ were street thugs compared to us??? Pakistan, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Panama, Nicaragua, oppps almost forgot that threat to the Merican way of life....Grenada.... LOL....and yet we run like school girls from North Korea and Libya.

And this is just another fine example of why I laugh when liberals and conservatives claim that Obama is radically different than Bush when it comes to foreign policy...Screw those liberal warmongerers! Get the troops out. That's what happens when the left are in power. They love war and killing innocent people.

Let's link our national security to becoming energy independent.  Get the US off oil dependency and we won't keep messing around in these goat pastures countries.   Please give us a political leader who will make this a national goal (similar to JFK's go to the moon in ten years) and give the US true independence.

Sure we'll stop our drones and all our millions too!

Our gov. with impunity kills who ever where ever and when ever they want, I love my country but fear my gov. time to plan for the hills WATCH OUT AMERICA !!!!!

Again the US governments lies have been exposed. The UN is our friend and needs US funding. Why would they just make this up?

Next they will be putting someone in your homes to watch what you do or pay unexpected visits to search your homes anytime they want.they already violate your rights and the constuition

If any other country was doing this the US would be screaming bloody murder.  I am disgusted by our pro war foreign policy, no doubt brought on by war industry lobbyists.  We got Osama, its time to back off, this activity just breeds more terrorists.  From a world wide perspective these are quite peaceful times on Earth, why does the US have to poke the hornets nest?

UN is right.

Pakistan is just a Litttle Rock that can go BYE BYEssss

Us should be able to kill 1 Pakistan citizen for every dollar the US gives to them.But this is the guy who won the Nobel Peace Prize!

Why do we care what the UN says? Seriously, what is the UN going to do??? If we want to hunt down terrorists, then we will do it, we don't need permission. Funny that they won't release the number of terrorists we've killed. These "civilians" are more than likely terrorists, just sayin'

Our HNIC wouldn't that (yeah right).

The Pakistan government plays both sides of the fence.  They are for and against drone strikes.  Many of the civilian casualties are the family members living with the militants, so I shed no tears for them when an enemy house is targeted.  The UN has very little credibility here as the militants would essentially have total freedom to operate given Pakistan's lack of control in the tribal areas.  The UN certainly isn't able to conduct operations in western Pakistan and eliminate militant training camps.  Essentially the drones are all we have in that theater.

its funny bush water-boarded a couple #$%$ and feed them and gave them medical care and he was like hitler in humane this obomba monkey kills 400 people w/o any cares and he our chief chimp

Same country that hid Bin Laden? #$%$! Hope they send more drones.

Who cares?  As long as we're taking out freaks I don't give sheet

You have to look at it from the standpoint of each victim.  Victims, be they on our side or the Tribals are in the same boat.  They are innocent and die for no crimes of their own.  This is what we need to understand.  Just like we are killing citizens of another country, in the future another power could do the very same to our citizens.  From the standpoint of International law, our UAV attacks are a violation and even if some within the Pakistani government have agreed to it, their agreement with us does not stand up to International law and its clauses around national sovereignty and at a more basic level, the way people are being killed, more innocent bystanders, without due process.Innocent bystanders die because in the tribal area, a militant can be someone's guest but the people living around may not necessarily know.  In addition, more people have been killed by a second strike after the first one because they rushed to dig out people under the rubble.  In any court of law, this is murder without prejudice.  Just like we take Iranian and Libyan terrorists to courts for bombing our passenger airliners, its quite possible that citizens of Afghanistan and Pakistan and maybe others will start suing the US government for its extra-judicial actions in the future.Last thing about the drone attacks is that the militancy cannot die or even be held back by killing the foot soldiers, who are usually targeted in such strikes.  After we kill the innocent bystanders in the process of going after these targets, we end up creating more recruits for the Taliban.  This is a never ending cycle.

The drone attacks are winning hearts and minds or they would like us to believe. With every innocent death they love us more. I'm guessing this policy is to justify all the ridiculous TSA  measures.

These drone attacks are done by executive order. That means that the blood is on Obama's hands. And it really does sound like murder to me. No need to mention the 51% who voted for him. Maybe the other guy would have been worse.  But still, it's murder.americans pay bribes and then term them as "AID", kill civilians and call them "terrorists".

Why on earth are we over there messing with them anyway, we have problems all our own right here in our own country, Damn the oil and damn them. They want to fend for themselves I say we let them seeings how thats what we should be doing. I'm all for helping a country out that needs us and wants us. But these countries don't want us and we really have no business there besides greed for oil that doesn't belong to us.

All this senseless killing, Americans are not Gods, who are we to kill other people, our troops do not belong overseas in the 1st place, the only winner is the companies who profit off the sales of the Death machines and armament. God help us. Stop the Madness....

The U.S. gives out medals for this kind of killing. ..so sad.

If the government was SERIOUS about bombing terrorists. They would have BOMBED the Israelis first, and the CIA second.

How would we react if some other country ( Canada ?) decided it needed to fly armed drones over the US in support of its anti-smuggling program or illegal immigration program.I guess that would be alright since it would be well intentioned.Right!

Apparently the program is working.  why else would there be any objections??

So.

Taliban declared war on us the United States. What? were not supposed to fight back.  you bring a fight to us you will have a fight you cannot win. says four billion U.S. citizens.

Tribes? They live in tribes?? Well that's about as confusing as Fathers Day in Harlem!!Remove the troops from the area.  Let them fight among themselves.  Drill and attain OIL INDEPENDANCE from the middle east.  Stop being the "world police" and "world support". Negate foreign aid to any terrorist state and any state suspected of supporting terrorist (yea... that would be you Pakistan).

When Pakistan stops harboring terrorists, there will be no need to have drones fly over their country. Until that time comes, too bad!

My God and in the name of God will humans ever stop killing each other? Why have we not evolved beyond that? We seem to be de-volving instead.

...First of all the civilians killed in pakistan are for harbouring terrorist after receiving Fed Aid from the USA but giving terrorist shelter to regroup and kill US soldiers...

9/11 was awful, but that does not give the U.S. the right to abuse an independent country's sovereignty.  Would the govt. allow Pakistan to fly drones over the U.S.?

Republicans now complain about the use of drones in Pakistan for going after terrorist who plan attacks against Americans. It's Republicans who support muslim terrorist!

Honestly, I think that Pakistan officials are lying through their teeth. They privately endorse the attacks so that the US will keep doing them. They publicly denounce the attacks so that their people will like them. They are basically using America as an enemy that their populace can unite against, while privately encouraging the US to act exactly the way they need so that they can call the US an enemy. They are playing both sides against the middle and benefiting from all of it. I wouldn't be surprised if we find out next that the people we're killing are people who protested the elections that the Pakistan officials wanted dead.

Obama is a war criminal.He is an absolute disgrace to humanity.He has killed over 200 children with his drones but is totally apathetic.The media has the masses brainwashed but an awakening looms.He will answer for his deeds in court.Obama is a lazy worthless bought fraud sellout traitor pile of shi# and should be rotting in prison for his illegal acts of murder!!!

what ! is the U.S. DOING TOO GOOD A JOB ! don't call again when things get too hot for you to handle..

hey white trash china owns your lazy #$%$.Things around the world have been so much more peaceful since we got rid if Bush.

Drones should be Banned Internationally! This quasi-robotic move toward Ever de-tached, and thus In-Human, war-mongary must be Quashed NOW! If you 'let' start down this slippery slope, it will only get increasingly worse. And you 'wait', the same thing will happen here in the U.S., 'if' they are are allowed to put Drones in American Skies!! You'd Better Stand UP Against this blatant Fascist Move!!

And now we will use these drones on our citizens right after we undermine their second amendment rights further...hmm...

Since when the American govt cares what the UN or the whole world thinks about them violating any country ? Since when they cared who the drones kill ?

we give a country who hates america bllons of  dollars and 4 months later the prick tell the world he has a millle that can reach and destroy amerca well we idiots gave him that money to make that weapon are we idots the world must be laughing at america

what we need is a man in the whte house who has balls and men like gen. patton fghting these monkeys we have the damn bombwhat are you waiting for mr obuma ts not lke in the 1940s if they put a nuke on us frst they can and will win sit back and look at what they wll do ,, to be honest me. obuma if japan had the weapons that we have today do you thnk we could of rcovered the pearl harbour attack and won sit down and ask your military men n the pentgon  tnad see what answer you get

#$%$ #$%$. and the u.n. also

American soldiers or equiptment MURDERING innocent people "400 civilian deaths by U.S. drones"..from another country for the Jew cause..(mo money).. NO WAY.. who'd have ever thought..America turned from home of the free.. to home of the jewish debt slave.

Let's see if American people will make thier Democratelly elected government to stop all finincial aid to Pakistan....Hell we Pakistani people are begging you to stop the aid.WE DO NOT WANT AMERICAN AID. PLEASE STOP SENDING YOUR MONEY.What is it you guys do not get it.........You edo not have any control over your government. That's what.

The US founded and was the core of the United Nations(UN).  It laid the groundwork and foundation to international law.  With its general assembly of members from around the world, a statement was made on its behalf regarding drone attacks on Pakistan territory.  If the UN is to continue with a global presence and giving direction for international law, the US must abide by its decisions or governing statements.  Otherwise there is no basis for its existence,  which does not look good for its founder.  As an American I understand the decision of our government, but I also as an American, understand the stance of Pakistan.How would the good old USA like our civilians being killed in the name of anti-terrorism. All most seems as if we are terrorizing these foreign people. After all everyone is someones child.

for all you thumbs down idiots, suck it

If it helps keep our men &amp; women out of harms way and reduces the chances for terrorist attacks state-side, then 2 requirements - 1) Go with good intel and 2) minimize collateral damage.  They gave up their sovereignty when they gave Bin Laden a safe haven.

And they call Obama soft, #$%$ he's a head hunter, and this prez does not play/ bush times 2 regardless of party ties, this guy is creaming every1 who look like they want trouble/ i might be wrong, but sheesh

Really?...Aren't the Taliban civilians? Here we go. They hide with civilians. Civilians hide them, They kill civilians but civilians won't protect themselves. We can't have rules in a war where only one side abides by the rules otherwise those that say no must be for that side. It is not that difficult to figure out. There is no rationalizing with a group that finds total destruction of their enemies to be the way to peace. If you lay down your sword, it will be used on you. Wake up ! They want you dead. They want your children dead. Your way of life gone. You want to keep it? Then stand your ground and help our soldiers and don't let them die in some sand hole. Don't listen to these clowns that all climb out of some mini politics car. There is no cotton candy. It is a war until they stop killing innocent people. We must not lose.this war. Never.

If their so called civilians would stop being terrorists they might stop dying. Its not regular people dying its really bad people. Just because they don't wear a uniform doesn't make them good. 9/11 hijackers were civilians too.

Go ChinaWish I was living in the future, When China is leading the much more peaceful and prosper world.

US drones....coming to a city near YOU

Pakistan is just jealous they weren't on the latest (AID) pay-off list.

Pakistany politicans will never stop the drown attackes as long as they can all get a little piece of the aid mony to put in thier numbered bank accounts out of country.  If Pakistan realy wantedt o kic Al-kada out of thier country they would  have been gone long ago, I would be welling to bet that the numes of terrorist killed in the drone attackes is much higher.lesson to be learned here... don't hang out with the bad guys in a war zone...

Pakistan violates Pakistan's sovereignty, not the drones.

If Pakistan dosnt want to something with there problem we will

Obama is no more after al Qaeda than any other president was. He aids them in Iraq, he helped them in Libya.Obama is a waste of a human being.

their ok with using them on us though and taking our rights away! get rid of these #$%$ clowns

Duck the us

If Pakistan wants us to quit killing terrorists, then pull all funding going to Pakistan both military and humanitarian. They can't have it both ways.  I say pull out the money.  We can use it here for when our troops come home!

Obama using drones to kill people? What happened, did he grow a tiny nut the size of a pea? Why are liberals so against war but when they are in power, they use it to kill and distract from what is really going on at home? Clinton did the same thing when the monica story broke, bombed some aspiring factory in N Africa.

in America yes,there forget about it..looks like in the photo its not dilivering the mail.something special...U.S.A.#1..

Hey UN, what about "American citizen targets" and the "No Data" news that's been coming out recently?? Dose not them words require an investagation?? Oh, I forgot.. The UN is corrupt and not for Americans.. I have a question.. Does anyone know who the UN belongs to?? Whats their orgin, who funds that military???????? Anyone...Money in many forms, is the only reason we are still there.....  the GOV gives our money to other countrys, not theirs.... in turn they get CONTRACTS making THEM much more money than the billions of our dollars that they give.... simple math and  corrupt gov in my opinion.....prove that that money goes to good use and not in the rich mens pocket... Ya I didnt think you could, ooops the money was lost or miss spent,OUR bad!!!  :)

These aren't the drones your looking for...

you gotta bomb for freedom obviously.

I didn't need the UN to tell me that. It's criminal what is going on - drones in sovereign countries. Anyone who thinks otherwise has NO respect for the rights and laws the U.S. claims to hold so dearly. Imagine if another country was flying drones in the U.S. and killing citizens? People would freak out and cry out to nuke them. The hypocrisy is laughable.

Pakistan is a hide out for terrorists. Before China takes over US should convert it into #$%$ Army base. US will have plenty of support from that region.

2nd paragraph, Mr. Emmerson objects to counter-terrorism?? So, "we sheeps from USA are, waiting for terrorists from afar"......??.......

Obama didn't know that the white men have another drone in white house. Come on Obama! They are using you to kill Africans too.

World domination is the end game,if you don't comply you must die. Shavez's death was made to look like it was from natural causes. You play ball with the NWO,(new world order) or your out.Brace yourself the economical crash is soon then disarmament then the RFID chip,then it's all over but the crying.

And Obama don't care...hell, he'll kill U.S. citizens.

OK, F THE UN they are litterally useless who needs observers when everything is on the internet, and pretty safe to say pakistan harbors terrerists so f them tooWho cares if the U.S. violates the sovereignty of a terrorist supporting and exporting state such as Pakistan?  If they want their sovereignty respected then perhaps they should stop supporting, arming, training, and harboring terrorists that they send to murder innocent Afghans and Indians as well as members of NATO.

i think obama should take care of the usa first  bring all of r troop home let those countries fight there own war because it seems like to me we have r own here to fight and people just dont see it    to lower our debt thats easy stop giving to other countries and everyone whos in office from obama congress sentors all the way to your town mayors need to make the same wage as everyone else does and pay for there own health care gas in there cars  gas and electric bills at home buy there own food pay just like everyone else does that should take care of most of the debt problem because u as a taxpayor u pay for all of this for them and u get nothing in return except broken promises this is just a start of what i see that can be done in this country to solve lots of the issues those idiots cant do in washington i have many grand ideas thats would work   i even know how to put us back to work and my plan will work  i would even put my life on that one  would the goverment  nope they wouldnt

Well, at least we don't charge them for the service.

This is WAR!!!!! People die.

I see all the ....SHEEP  ARE Baaing.......while the ...WORLD COURT ...is investigatingthat  CLOWN BUSH  and his  TROLL CHENNEY.....for THEIR WATER BOARDINGtricks.......haa....haa........Baa....Baa.......you NON THINKING PUPPETS...! !....

"Ben Emmerson, the U.N. special rapporteur on human rights and counter-terrorism, said the Pakistani government made clear to him that it does not consent to the strikes — a position that has been disputed by U.S. officials."covert CIA drone strikes targeting al-Qaida and Taliban militants in Pakistan's tribal region along the Afghan border"...Ya...this is coming form the same people who were upset we killed Osama while surrounded by their military elite. OF COURSE hey dont want us killing taliban and Al-Quaeda.Also, I am curious how they define civilian...any person not actively carrying a weapon?

The U.N. says Nothing About Americans being Targeted By the U.S. govt. and how the U.S. Govt is building internment Camps and Fusion Centers are gathering information on those  People that will be allowed to survive after Obama shows his Hitler SideIf you want to know how all the secret Information got out on Famous People look to the FUSION CENTERS they Collected DATA on Everybody and more then likely got HACKED

Soon these will be flying over your house at 10k feet.

soon to be 400 US civilian

so we are here today for new era.It's Bush's fault

America! F[ck Yeah!!!

Drones will never kill terrorists alone, cause they always shield among civilians. Yes, innocent people die because of those strikes, but they also die when those terrorists place road side bombs, or when they blow themselves. Civilians will always die. It's better to fight terrorism in their soil than in ours. God bless the U.S.A and the army!

America doesn't give monetary aid because it loves Pakistan it gives monetary aid  because of its own vested interests and this so called monetary aid are loans which Pakistan has to pay back with interest

god damm i cant believe  how dumb the white trash americans are.go back to your tv watching some #$%$ stuff himself.americans should stop breeding.

This is not US fault. US is fighting the terrorists. Government of Pakistan to be blamed. They are bunch of corrupt officials who take the money from US into their pocketsand let the US do what he pleases and as many as US pleases.

If you knowingly harbor terrorist that are attacking our troops then you are consenting to military response

i say we drone every last islamist on the planet!

I agree . When did the  US ever get to target other countries that  didn't have congress  approval for war.  This silent kill list  isn't American. How do we know we arent on it when the drones start patroling the US skies.

EVIL EVIL USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Only 400.......that is a pretty miniscule number when compared to the devastation caused by al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations....but I believe we should let the Pakistani gov't take charge but if they continue letting terrorists run rabid then we can just remove the entire state from the face of the earth!

why is it after Sept. 11 we didn't care who got kill. ?? we didn't care if children were kill..but now we care..its not about right and wrong..its about back and white

fine... first rid your country of the all the terrorist it harbors, put them all in one place and we could fix the drones on that one area...problem solved....

Enough is enough. The UN has no guts to condemn the Terrorist State of The World, Pakistan?

ALL MUSLIMS MUST DIE!!!

How many civilians were killed during the "Shock and Awe" approach of starting the war in Iraq when we bombed their largest cities for days and weeks on end?  How many members of Al Qaeda were killed during those same mass strikes?

innocent tribesmenwere ofen mistakenly targeted,indistinguishable  becuase they wear yhe same clothing and carry a gun,sound like another terrorist

But yet it was ok for the US to bomb Lybia to protect there oil interest.

Obama talks about children being killed here in america and that the government has to take our firearms to protect us well I say take his drones he is a mass murderer in other countries and is getting away with it.I would love to see the Hague charge him with war crimes and our government charge him with abuse of power.He would use drones on us americans any chance he gets if he could get away with it.

The United States of America and its unilateral foreign policy strike again!  And yet the president and senate publicly scratch their heads and stroke their beards...and privately scratch the backs of bankers and weapon systems companies and continue to stroke their own egos.who is al-Qaida and Taliban ?what country are they from?

Israel violate palestinian sovereignty,USA-taxpayers are broke for, bombing, slaughtering, droning women and childern around the world.

America started this mess they f******G created usama and taliban. Pakistan has sacrificed 40000 lives in the american led war on terror instead of praising pakistani efforts the hypocritic americans and the western media usually full of indian born war mongers are maligning them.America should clear up the mess they created for the soviets and the indians must stop interfering into pakistan through afghan militants as per chuck hagels statement..

Who give a rat's srse what tPakistan says or does. Someone should grow a set of balls and tell the idiots in Washington that the stupid war in the far east that has been ragind since Jesus walked through town  can't be won. Bring our miliyary home now , (what's wrong with today), and let those crazt people finish doing what the have been doing throughout history. And that is killing each other.

Permisiion or not has Pakistan any other choice given the overwhelming odd against it? The US controls the dollars inflow, trade and even international banking and has Pakistan over a barrel as it were with 'terrorism' charges. If the US wants it can make peace attainable in many rtegions but the power of the lobbys back home is something no administration can dismiss with a wave, that is how we see US policies of interference in other people's affairs.

pakistan violated the worlds sovereignty when they harbored that terrorist bin laden.

But if we take away drones, how are all the war loving angry old white men going to sleep at night? They'll be so nervous!

The U.S. says the U.N. violates international usefulness code of ethics.

americans your day has arrived.

If those “civilians” were standing where that drone hit, then that means they were collaborating with the enemy and should have not been there.  Beware “civilians”, if you are with terrorist something really bad can happen to you.  Just stay home and don’t hang out with your local terrorist group.this promotes and support terrorism, therefore it has no sovereignty, it give up sovereignty

I thought we were better than this.

If israel in self defense kills anyone, the world yells.

Im happy with obama killing all muslims. But i would rather he use them on the libs. The libs will kill this country faster than the muslims.

Terrorism being committed by America. A country that claims to be the victim of the worst terrorist attack in history. Yet she turns around and commits the same terrorism on other countries. How funny. Like somebody breaking into my house. I claim to be a victim of this horrible crime. Get sympathy from my whole neighborhood. Then i turn around and break into someone's house. This so-called Islamist Terrorism and Muslim Terrorists is all made up. The so-called War on Terror is made up. It's really a war against Islam. God's true religion. The fastest growing religion in the world. The true or real terrorists, who are the protectors of the false religion of Christianity and the Satanic Church, are bent on destroying Islam. But they will never be successful because Islam has the backing of Allah. The supreme being. The creator of the heavens and earth.