Why is this guy a "hero"? You would think there would be some mention of the heroic deeds that he'd done to deserve his "hero's welcome" and "hero prisoner" moniker they've given him. So, why is he a hero again? I also enjoyed the comment from the gazan "authorities" regarding his deal with the israelis for his transfer to Gaza.

At least they will not have to feed him any longer ???

Nothing can reduce friction ahead of Wednesday's two-day visit by U.S. President Barack Obama to Israel  - Take our word for that and save yourself a lot of time &amp; trouble...

Never understood a hunger strike, I would let them not eat, seems like a problem solved, one less muslim terrorist.

FLOTUS MOOChelle will probably hire him as the poster child for her healthy living agenda !!!

Now he can go on the gaza diet.

Idiot ..he is missing corned beef and cabbage

my goodness if was in a syrian jail or hamass jail he would of been dead by know... unless he was an israeli soldgier and traded for 1500 palistinean prisoners

Poor fella.  He'll miss the pickles and corned beef.

Don't want to eat? Fine by me, more for the rest of us.Good thing he got out before he starved to death. Poor guy. I hear the Gaza diet is like the South beach diet. He'll be OK.

Notice that those who criticize Israel and Jews here post only lies and garbage.After all, that's all they have.

Good place to go. Gaza is rated among the world's most obese. Women score higher than do men but both rank among top ten.Don't believe me?The Economist  - hardly a pro-Israel publication, conducted a World survey which shows  figures for obesity, with men and women in Gaza and the Westbank ranking #8 and #3 respectively.In fact, most Arab countries rate high in obesity due to thier lousy unhealthfull fried food diets.US rated 5 for men and 8 for women.So, enjoy you little creep and eat your demented brain and stomach away.

Now he can go back home and starve there!

put your finger down!

Palestinians are not smart and Terrorist Hamas organization is so stupid

War crime!  Deporting someone from OCCUPIED TERRITORY violates the Geneva Conventions. But then, when you have a few hundred ILLEGAL NUCLEAR WEAPONS, you can do whatever you want ... for now.

after 60 years of denying israels right to exist you carry on like professional victims...  dont blame israel for all your troubles blame your leaders like the grand mufta who sided with the #$%$ and Arafat that sided with saddam.. and now hamass is the shia iranian stooges..    you could of had half of israel  but you left the UN negotiating table.....Ironic after 60 years german japan and South korea are economic pwer houses and your like North korea.     it is really sad.

should have shot him

why jail these people if they're just gonna cause more trouble... just execute them if they're know trouble makers.  Just like we need to do here in the USA.. these prisoners are bankrupting our Nation, by having to keep them housed/fed/clothed.  Off with their heads already....  geezzzzIf he gets near the border shoot him dead.

Notice that those who criticize Israel here post just vicious lies against Jews.Of course they're not anti-Semites. They just viciously hate Jews.

Now he will eat, regain his strength and return to Israel as a suicide bomber.    SHOULD HAVE KEPT HIM?  It's anyone's guess.

Reality Cheat posts the same garbage over and over and over and over and ...That's good. Obviously he doesn't have the brains to do anything else with his worthless existence.

"...signed an agreement to stay in Gaza for 10 years."Call it a guess, but Israel won't be able to enforce that

All islam subhuman tribal fa@@ot coward butcher filth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DIE slowly painfully!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BUT DIE!islam WILL BE EXTERMINATED

Wait until he sees what they offer him to eat in Gaza. He'll be begging for kosher food in a day!

Israel get criticized for exactly what Egypt just did.  Pathetic hypocrites.

let him eat cake.

Even I use toss my garbage in in the ghetto.Israel wields the power ... the power to capture, incarcerate, and expel people from neighboring lands.  It would be akin to the Mexican military entering the US, snatching a person, and taking them home to do as they would please.

Chris and Disfigured Hasbara Troll have a lot in common.They are stupid liars who hate Jews.

Disfigured Hasbara Troll seems to be severely brain-damaged.Otherwise he wouldn't be posting such lies and garbage.

Israel should give the Palestinians two options:1) Be Peaceful and build your society for a better future....--or--2) Start another fight and be pushed out.

Jews are Gods chosen people.

Why do all Muslin men look the same....Ugly?

Weak is strong.  Hunger strikers are 1000x more powerful than shooting rockets into Israeli villages.

First stop, for that Nasty Sand Monkey, is Jack in the Crack:O)

how about move to the desert of iraq

looks like he need a fat pork steak or two...HIS MOTHER GAVE BIRTH TO A GOAT ! HIS MOTHER MUST LOOK LIKE A PIG ! I am sorry if I offended the pig !

MUSLIMS SUCK !

A Muslim in New Jersey beheaded two Christians in Fevrurary and cut off their hands. Why did he do it? Koran 5:33.

Disfigured Hasbara Troll shows that anti-Semitism is a very severe brain disease.

If he dies in Gaza does he still get the 72 virgins?

They should have let him continue the hunger strike...it saves on prison expenses

What a worthless loser. Start building a country rather than roaming Israeli jails.

Jailed without trial? Sounds like they do unto others as they would have others do unto then.Seal their borders.

give him a steak...

Israel treats palestines like the viet cong were treating during the vietnam warHe can chew on his copy of Koran. You don't want to eat? Too bad.

ISRAEL GETS 8.5 MILLION DOLLARS DAILY FROM THE U.S., more aid than any one continent.

Suicide eater. If only all of them would do that.

He.is deserved to be killed and nothing will happen

Israel let this terrorist out of prison.That's why enemies of Israel are screaming against Israel here.Those criticizing Israel here just do so out of hatred, not from having any brains whatsoever.

Disfigured Hasbara Troll is obviously a rabid dog. Don't let him bite you.

israel needs to find a hidden country to bury these idiots in jail forever.

so he went from a hospital for terrorists to a hospital run by terrorists. i guess for some that could be considered an upgrade.

Like this terrorist is going to honor his agreement with Israel.

Good policy Israel, get rid of all trouble makers by sending them to the #$%$ called Gaza.Let the fool starve, it's his own fault and one less killer for the world to worry about !

He was probably one of those psycho vegans who just happened to be a Palestianian in a Isreali jail that didn't have a vegan menu.  It makes them mad.

Compared to what the Israeli's did to 'Prisoner X - Ben Zeiger' (the dual Israeli/Australian citizen - found hung in a 'suicide proof' cell in Tel Aviv - and reportedly one of their own Mossad agents),  Ayman Sharawneh will, I am sure, be thankful that he has been repatriated to Gaza.

please dont eat the because you are a waste of food,air,and water lol!

Israel is doing to the Palestinians what the Nazi did to them long time ago .

The world had decided that Palestinians will have a state. Why would the USA deny this?

ISRAEL ARRESTS HUNDREDS, AND HOLDS THEM INDEFINITELY, without trial, or cause, or due process.  It is caused administrative detention.  SEIG HEIL, ISRAEL.  Hitler would be proud.

Once you realize there is no good in the region, the truth becomes much clearer.

All the palestinians that I know (~ 10) are nice, honest, and honorable people.

so israel admits it. the gaza strip is a prison.Israel claims a history of grandeur in Palestine but they were unable to invent a Hebrew alphabet till long after Hebrew was a dead language, the Hebrew alphabet was invented just a couple hundred years before Jesus and he spoke Aramaic. Hebrew language had been dead over a thousand years before he was born and wasn't spoken again till the late 19th century. Even today after many decades of digging they have Never found any mention of a David or Solomon nor even a jewish monument, no statues,no temples, not even a jewish coin older than 65 AD.

Jailed without trial or any charges for YEARS,and you call yourself a DEMOCRACY?

TO ALL MUSLIM HATERS...here's something to wake you up.  "..from Chris van Gorder, a religion professor at Baylor University in Texas.  'To burn a holy Quran for a Muslim is to throw down a gauntlet,” he says. “Those who deface any holy book, INCLUDING THE BIBLE, in many Muslim countries today, will be executed.'...'“How many Bibles have been burned in the Muslim world in the last nine years? None.”

ISRAELIS CELEBRATED AND FILMED 9/11.  Google You Tube Fox News Dancing Israelis.

I like history so I guess thats why I don't respect Jews, their whole history is stolen from others, their religious stories of Genesis was stolen from Persia, the Flood story was stolen from Mesopotamia's Gilgamesh, Samson is a cheap copy of Hercules, even circumcision was stolen from Egypt, they were never even slaves there and in all of their history they were never even able to dress stones, all Archaeological finds of Jewish remains are nothing more than mud and stones. Today after descending from people living in Europe for over 2000 years they claim to be the natives of Palestine and the Palestinians who have been living in Palestine for over 2000 years are the foreigners. The only thing they ever invented was suicide.

Now Jews have their very own concentration camp to run, called Gaza.

BBC Poll: ISRAEL'S GLOBAL IMAGE PLUMMETS - Israel ranks among states perceived to have most negative influence on world, according to BBC poll; only Iran, Pakistan do worse, Israel's image hits nadir in Europe - Published:  05.17.12, 01:21 / Israel NewsIsrael is ranked third among nations perceived as having a negative influence on the world, the BBC's annual poll shows, indicating further decline in the Jewish state's global image.Only Iran and Pakistan did worse than Israel in the survey.The poll, undertaken between December 2011 and February 2012, encompassed 24,090 respondents worldwide. Iran took the unflattering top spot, again, with 55% of respondents saying is has a negative influence on the world. Pakistan ranked second (51%), with Israel and North Korea tied for third place (50%).Last year, 47% of poll respondents said Israel had a negative effect on the world.According to the latest survey, only 21% of respondents view Israel's influence as mostly positive, the same figure as last year. A favorable change in the West was only recorded in the United States, with 50% of Americans saying they view Israel in a positive light, compared to 35% who said they view the Jewish state in a negative light.

Not before being given that radioactive tracking device

Occupied West Bank?  Israel captured it from Jordan after Jordan, by their own admission, attacked Israel in 67.  Jordan officially signed off on the area years ago.  The Palestinians certainly want it but at no time in world history has it been theirs.  Apparently reporters like to play politicians.

Israel has freed one political prisoner, but thousands remain.  Israel:  set these prisoners of conscience free.  All people desire freedom, and their expressions of hope for freedom do not justify torture in your prison.Everyone in Gaza is on a forced hunger strike, I mean being starved that is, so he won't stand out.

thats what you need to do : ) now they wait for him to mess up and be assasinated hahah! getting an education and being a meaningful role model would have done him better

I hate israel

Sad to see the day when people overlook basic human rights for others all because of down right racism and being prejudice.

Imagine a Jew in an Arab (Palestinian) jail going on a hunger strike...

ISRAEL HAS RECEIVED 30,000 DOLLARS FOR EACH ISRAELI over the decades.  That is an astounding sum.

The overarching strategy of zionist jews is to set up a straw man...demonize all Muslims..in all contexts..in all media venues..at all times. It keeps the billions flowing to israel. And second, creates sympathy for themselves as victims of "anti-semites". And with the Jew's control of all media...it's incredibly easy for them to do

Good for Israel..

Why sanctions on Palestinians and Iran and NOT Israel? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)

Islam = female genital mutilationIsrael currently has 269 Jewish-only settlements and ‘outposts’ built on confiscated Palestinian land. Palestinians do not have any settlements on Israeli land.

Islam = crucifixion and beheading

Hero prisoner?  Oh, you mean a Terrorist.

will the man finally eat will it be goat with curry

The "Likud (Party) and Bennett to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

MUSLIMS BELIEVE JESUS WAS A PROPHET, Jews laugh at Christians.

Most people have to pay for freedom in one way or another. He won. Israel is the land of the self chosen schmucks. It traded a european immigrant idf soldier for a thousand Palestinians.....and then Israel says that Palestinians do not exist.....

He won. Palestinians have been defying occupying forces for thousands of years. From the Romans to the Greeks, to the Arabs, Turks, Persians, and a host of others for centuries the Palestinians have endured.

I would have let the smelly nasty muslim dog starve to death. I might even go eat in front of him just to make it worse for him.

It is illegal for Jews to have sex with children. It is legal for Muslims to marry children.The "Likud (Party) .... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

Held without charges..no evidence presented and no trial. Then banished to the open air prison camp of the Gaza Gulag. Kind of like the Russians used to do to their political prisoners. Sounds like fascism to me.

Hamas is Al Qaeda. You can't be against one but for the other. And that goes for you too, anti-semites.

Islam = Satan worship

We turned our backs to what was going on in Germany and now we have turned our backs to what Israel has done to the palestinians. I have even watched films of how Israel treats Christian Jews and it isn't nice and I know what they have done to the palestinians is much worse. They stole their land, they bulldozed their homes and they were left with nothing. Look how people are acting because they are afraid their automatic weapons might be banned in the USA, just think how the US would act if someone came in and stole our property and destroyed it. Oh, kind of like what we did to the Indians.

MUSLIMS OVER ISRAELIS *ANY DAY*.  Muslims doesn't control our media, own our politicians, or doesn't actively seek to make our nation a bunch of morally bankrupt, selfish, low IQ, war mongering, slogan chanting racists driving our once great country into the GROUND.

Should have let the Palestinian animal starve to death. A fitting death for them all.

No more beef brisket for this guy.

Israel, are you really proud?

Force feed that man a ham sandwich at once!Some of the names of the real 9/11 perps-Dov Zakheim,Larry Silverstein,Dominic Suter,Urban Moving Systems,ICTS,SPC,Jerome Hauer and Frank Lowy just to name a few. Wake up America, before its too late. Only 9/11 truth will set us free.

Fly the flag of Islam and burn it.

ISRAEL PUSHED THE WAR IN IRAQ, and lobbied to keep us in Afghanistan.

ISRAEL IS THE *ORIGINAL* MIDDLE EAST TERRORIST, just ask the British.

LOL AT ROSENTHAL  There are 1.5 billion Muslims in the world, and he is proud that they kill more of themselves than Israel has killed.

Islam = Old men marrying little girls

in a latest study, support for Israel is at an all time high in the USso all you losers who like to blame the Jews and Israel, keep speaking your mind because no one cares

Islam = apartheid

ISRAEL CREATED BIN LADEN.  2 of the 3 points in his fatwa against us, was regarding Israel.

Stop insulting the Muslims, not all Muslims are cruel, there are good and evil Arabs like there is bad and good Americans.Send him to United States - he can collect food stamps.

all I need to know happened on 9/11/01.  I'm with those who cried for, and with us.  Will NEVER be with those who danced in the streets, like hamas.

Held without charges..no evidence presented and no trial. Then banished to the open air prison camp of the Gaza Gulag. Kind of like the Russians used to do to their political prisoners. Sounds like fascism to me.

129 Israeli children have been killed by Palestinians and 1,516 Palestinian children have been killed by Israelis since September 29, 2000. 1,097 Israelis and at least 6,638 Palestinians have been killed since September 29, 2000. 0 Israeli homes have been demolished by Palestinians and 27,000 Palestinian homes have been demolished by Israel since 1967. 0 Israelis are being held prisoner by Palestinians, while 4,656 Palestinians are currently imprisoned by Israel.

Israel is a criminal pariah state with illegal nukes. It engages in terrorist tactics against both enemies and "allies" alike. Now it wants to drag us into war with Iran. We give Israel over 3 billion a year in US tax dollars and they brutalize the Palestinians with it. Time to cut the cord.

HAMAS OFFERED PEACE AND TO RECOGNIZE ISRAEL. SO, IF ISRAEL REALLY WANTS PEACE, AND NOT JUST MORE LAND, HERE IT IS...NO MORE EXCUSES, NO MORE LIES.  "DAMASCUS, Syria — The leader of Hamas said Monday that his Palestinian militant group would offer Israel a 10-year "hudna," or truce, as implicit proof of recognition of Israel if it withdrew from all lands it seized in the 1967 Middle East War....." MSNBC updated 4/21/2008 1:47:14 PM ET

YOUR PAPERS PLEASE.  Ve haf VAYS of making you talk.

Let him starve.

Lets face basic facts.  Israel is AWESOME, the Palestinians..pathetic.

Before Israel Muslim terrorists kidnapped Americans and pirated American shipping in the Mediterranean, which is why America invaded them in the 19th century.LOL, I'M AN AGNOSTIC AMERICAN, Christian raised, born and bred in the South .  Rosenthal and his cronies are Israelis.

"im not gonna eat"  what are you, a 2 year old? whats next, are you gonna hold your breath?

Who cares???

Before Israel, Muslim terrorist fought for the German Notsees in WWll.

Disfigured Hasbara Troll had his peni$ cut off when "it" was being circumcised, so now "it" blames the Jews for everythingI hate to tell you the Jews did not invent circumcision, so blame your mother or whoever cut off your peni$ do not blame the Jews!

i see the little children and muslims are out in force..the vile comments posted here are from children who think some college prof is god..and a few muslims who worship child rapists..ie Ol moummahhedmed the molester, and butcher

Don't  ever forget September 11, who was behind that than the Muslim  terrorism groups remember ??,and they based in Gaza it self as well ,Gaza control by terrorist groups ,open your eyes people before its too late, if not Israel who fighting of stopping them to spread? this world will continue to be in a lot of trouble as September 11,we need to support Israel for helping the world , we need to say THANK YOU ISRAEL !!!

Israeli security forces stand by while settlers harass Palestinian shepherds, witnesses say - Photo circulated over the weekend shows Border Police officer shaking hands with masked settlers who proceeded to harass Palestinians who just moments before had been denied access to their land. -Haaretz (israeli newspaper) 3/3/13

well he can end his strike and go hungry by living in gaza LOL

BEFORE ISRAEL, WE HAD NO "MUSLIM TERRORISTS".  Blame Israel and it's ethnic cleansing of Palestine, and forcing our politicians to support them.Who cares??

SO, ISRAEL DIDN'T WANT PEACE, if even for 10 years.  That tells the story, doesn't it?

Apartheid &amp; Assassin Israel has made of Gaza a death camp...

3 bites and a goat! Now, off with you!

Disfigured Hasbara Troll and REALITY CHECK = Paid by the post Islamic Propagandists

Disfigured Hasbara Troll is doing an excellent job of demonstrating why it is necessary to keep Palestinians under permanent occupation. Thank you for your collaboration on Israel's behalf.

they should have force fed him pork before sending him back

From Guatemala to Guatepeor

He should be chopped up into pieces and fed to other hungry Palestinians.

Long Live The Palestinian Resistance Against Apartheid Israel... Amén!...Islam = Perpetual mass murder

Michelle Obummer may give him meatless lunch.

Muslims are committing genocide of their Christian neighbors throughout the Middle East. Islam is evil.

Tragic.  If the "Palestinians" would spend one percent of the energy and time building a viable, economically feasible, democratic society that they spend hating Israel the West Bank and Gaza could be a wealthy, healthy place.  Instead, they refused twice now to accept a state (1948, 1991) and spend all of their time and energy shooting rockets and plotting terror attacks on the Jews.

criticallythinking Disfigured Hasbara Troll and REALITY CHECK all paid Muslims, I wonder ow much you get paid, oh yea go look at a latest survey, support for Israel in the US is as STRONG as it has ever beenSo keep speaking your #$%$

Pakistani Muslims were burning Bobles a couple of weeks ago according to the reports in the mainstream press. They were also burning Christian homes and businesses.

In Gaza he can just continue his hunger strike,what's the big deal

Islam = the opposite of the doctrine of Christ

A Palestinian woman was beaten by several israeli women at a Jerusalem bus stop 2 weeks ago. An israeli "policeman" stood by and smiled and watched w/o intervening. Later a different Israeli "policeman" said this on his Facebook: "Excellent. Pity the Arab wh /ore didn't die.

Those who follow Mohammad will follow him to hell.Disfigured Hasbara Troll and REALITY CHECK = Paid  Islamic Propagandists, and their sock puppet accounts that give themselves 5 thumbs up after they post

He was freed by Israel as part of a prisoner exchange then rearrested as soon as Israel got what they wanted! Can you really trust an Israeli?Message to Obama - keep one hand on your wallet at all times during your visit!A people that can steal a country can get through your Secret Service.

They will give him a couple of corn flakes and he will be strapping a bomb to his chest by next week !!

Obama SHOULD go to Israel and tell them the united states will not give them ONE MORE CENT!

THE JEW BEHIND THE THRONE, ALWAYS!

Jews betrayed &amp; chose to murder Jesus...The Antichrist will be a ZIONIST JEW...DISGUSTING ZIONIST INDEED...

Jailed without trial was one reason for his protest. I don't understand, why are people so frightened to say plainly that Israel is a rouge country that maliciously oppresses others. Their illegal settlement is illegal. Just ask President Carter, Reagan, H.W. Bush and the UN who have tried again and again to stop them from forcibly seizing Palestinian land, or whats left of it.

I suppose the Israelis treated him better than prisoner x...

that guy looks like obama,,,

hamas need to take one more isreal soldier as prisoner of war,and make it even - prisonar for prisonar,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, fair ans square,this is the only method the jews will understand,When there used to be "mass" hunger strikes in Israeli prisons the guards would be instructed to fire up bar-b-que grills inside and outside the prison. That would break the hunger strikers every time. I guess someone new are running the prisons now.

Hey TAY, for the same reason all ZIONISTS look like predators that live on Palestinians blood.

Israel, are you really proud?

Disfigured Hasbara Troll and REALITY CHECK = Paid Islamic Propagandists, and their sock puppet accounts that give themselves 5 thumbs up after they postin Islam it is ok to lie, so that is why they pose as something that they are not

Maybe you did not read this:Palestinian protesters clash with Israeli forces in the West Bank after the Palestinian Minister of Prisoners' Affairs says a Palestinian inmate who died in an Israeli prison was tortured to death. Sarah Sheffer reports.  Better if there were peace.

lol

Where are the posts about lies on Israel or haters? All I read are insults on the victim and not even his mum is spared! The lies and hate seem to be from one direction! Yeah , not difficult to see or why.

disfigured hasbara troll? whats that?disfigured is ur brain! #$%$ u writing its just sick and that stupid joke with train! Are u mentaly #$%$? i didnt know they allow computers in mental's institute for metaly sick and delusonial. iam  worry about u , u not taking ur medicine again! Medicine its good for you go get that small white cup with ur pills now!

I cant believe after so many terroristic attacks , bombs in trains i airports in buildings in usa in europe in israel , after sep 11 after so many kamikaze killing people after so many arrests ever week ( all muslims) ya still have mouth full of #$%$ to talking nasty about jews and defending muslims!Are ya all stupid ignorants? When did u see jew arrested for bombing church or mosqua, where did u see jew arrested i airport with bomb, where happened that jew full of bombs exploded him self in the middle  of the some europian city . When did u see that jews using they own kids in war! When jewish man burned or stoned a woman just cuz she opened her mouth! Are ya all blind! U gotta be kidding or all this stupid commnets has to be made by muslims cuz i dont believe that atheist or christian or whoever will ever even compare those two nations!!Who ever difending muslims its total idiot and really didnt had enought of they they keep doing ad been doing years! ignorance number one ! u dont have to be a jew to see who is terrorist here ! look at news papers or history u stupid morons!

Tell the Trash of Europe to go back to their Holes and leave Palestine to its people...Whats with that idiot anyway? oh yea some creepy muslim.

what trial a terrorist needs! are u kidding?Why would israel spends so much money on trial and investigation etc for criminals!To free them? I dont think so! Wasnt usa who killed usama bin laden shot him to death with no trial ! U shoudl worry about ur country and not some country u never been and u dont know whats goig on!And coment about they history u gotta be kdding me now u with ur low level american education now u tellig us u know better they history ? omg what the ignorants. Did u ever been in israel or internet is ur educator with yahoo news lol

@ Disfigured Hasbara Troll: I can't stop laughing at your avatar!!! Good Job:)... :)... :)... :)... :)...

Islam = honor killings of rape victims

Constant lies and slanders by enemies of Jews shows how evil Islam is.

For all the naive Americans who don't understand Israel's internet agenda; Israel hires and trains sleazebags like dvid rosenthal to flood every Mid East article 24 hours a day. They are some of the most racist dirtbags on the planet. They hate Palestinians, Gentiles, Christians, Muslims, Persians, Arabs, Blacks, really just everybody...

On 9/10/01, Don Rumsfeld made an announcement about the Pentagon losing track of 2.3 trillion dollars. Huge scandal. Until the next day when the Pentagons accounting section was hit,killing many of those tasked with tracking down the money. Pentagon comptroller and Israeli dual citizen Dov Zakheim was not among those killed. His defense contractor-SPC, which can outfit Boeings with "remote flight technology" did a killing on and after 9/11, literally and figuratively....

We need those types of administrative detentions here. Sarah Palin could be the judge on the secret files. We'll be ready for 2014 in no time.

metzizah bepeh

Mosab Yousef, son of Hamas founder Hassan Yousef, says that Muslims will never stop killing Jews.Whats the difference between jews and Santa Clause?Santa goes DOWN the chimney..

- BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA! will save you

Im Happy Obama is letting Iran get the bomb.....

My grandfather Herman Schwartzenbergergold survived Auschwitz and 3 other death camps!! He was used as a guinea pig in human experiments and also used as a human shield many times by the N(a)zis.My crooked nosed grandmother Rosensilverstein-Schwartzenbergergold had to shave her smelly, long pxssy hair to make fancy German horse brushes and the skin of her youngest baby Jerry was made into a foot stool and a lamp shade for the N(a)zis. If you do not believe me...then you are a ANTI-SEMITIC, POS!!!!

Oh the irony. jews try to make people feel sorry for them while they shxt on everyone else.

Why does Obama allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons??

Bibi Nutcaseyahu is angry because Obama is not a cxck sxcking j(e)w lover.....like Bush II and Cheney....

israel wants Bush II and Cheney backThose were two chumps the jews could always count on!

Hey. Aren’t we overdue for a headline news story on the holocaust? Its been almost 24 hours since the last one…God knows the jews need to play the victim every chance they can get!!

Why does Obama HATE jews and israel?I imagine with all the money the jews siphon from America, israel can afford to hire 17 paid Hasbara trolls to spread jews lies, play the victim card and distort facts..

America's undying support of israel is the reason for the 9/11 attacks....stop supporting israel

if isnt wasnt for israel...there would be NO middle east turmoil....

Why did the crooked nosed jews shuffle meekly to their death into the gas chambers? Because they knew they deserved it!!

Was that Israel that did that our was that here in the US, can't tell the difference anymore

What is the best thing to come out of Auschwitz?The empty trains

Exile him to Hungray.

US Soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan: 6500israeli soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan: 0jews hide = Americans die.

metzizah bepeh = jewish tradition of baby cxck sxcking.

From the jewish TALL-MUDHilkkoth Akum X1Do not save Gentiles in danger of death.Show no mercy to the Gentiles.metzizah bepeh: A cxck sxcking jew ritual for elderly j€w rabbis to get off on, by licking a bloody baby's cxck, a fantasy that makes human stomachs turn, while at the same time causing massive arousal and an erection for jews.

USS Liberty : israel has KILLED more US sailors than any other country since WWII

jews like to see christians fight muslims.

israel is not a "friend", it is a parasite that causes us nothing but trouble. It pulls billions from US taxpayers pockets every year, spies on us and sells our military technology to the highest bidder

The "Likud (Party) .... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

israel's Golden Rule: Do Unto Others as the N(a)zis Did Unto Us.

I think its funny israel expands its border every year, but still claims its a victim!! Priceless!!

Over 20% of American children live in poverty and 45 million Americans live without healthcare but America has money for israeli PARASITES……

israel is recreating the Warsaw Ghetto..but on a much larger scale....

israel is the 16th richest nation on earth...so why cant it pay its own bills???Problem, many in Islam love violence, and members of that false religion account for 90 to 95% of the violence in the world today according to an Australian newspaper.

Muslims are born criminals following the teachings of a murdering pedophile mohamed !

1 manz terrorizt iz anotha man's hero.OBL and Al Qaeda is a CIA invention.

Mohammad was a pedophile, not a prophet. He contradicted Jesus Christ, taught hate and murder, and promoted Satanism.

His first meal was a McRib sandwich, and then he died.........

More people are killed by Muslims every year than all the people killed by Israel since 1948

are the Israelis crazy LET THEM STARVE TO DEATH!!

I gotta take a break..You guys can handle israel's rabid rabbi of babble-on david rotsinhell...

it should be legal to kill all Islamists, they should have returned this guy after they killed him, I wish the Jews were not nice, they need to be animals like the enemies of the Jews are

They should've let him turn into a jerky!The overarching strategy of israel's internet shills is to set up a straw man...demonize all Muslims..in all contexts..in all media venues..at all times. It keeps the billions flowing to israel. And second, creates sympathy for themselves as victims of "anti-semites". And with the Jew's control of all media...it's incredibly easy for them to do

Why no comments about why he was arrested twice??  He was a prisoner..not a hero. Perhaps he was a murderer?  A thief?  I guess it's not important to the press.

Israelis are war criminals and lairs.

To hell with Palestine!!!! Backwards #$%$ people!! Wish he would have starved. So sick of us holding Israel back.

stop Israel's welfare check from the usa and they will behave!

Is that Israel's new pitch line "the most diverse jewish nation" LOOL hilarious. The problem is that they kick out the original inhabitants who are non-jew (the Chrisitan and Muslim Palestinians) and bring in 'jews' from all over the world, what gives them the moral right to ethnically cleans all non-jews (who are considered animals in the eyes of gods chosen people loool) from that land? The simple answer is they have no right to do so! Oh and the treatment of the displaced palestinians is simply disgusting. I say stop all aid to Israel, they dont need it they have a booming tech sector let them pay for themselves.

But sadly,he still is not free

Looks like he needs some ALLAH peanut butter sandwiches

man,....israel is a joke,...told you brother,...israel is a JOKE  :)

Held without trial. Because the Zionazis know theirs is a regime of occupation occupying these peoples lands. I bet you people who make stupid remarks about this man do not realize that Palestinians have a number of different religions and guess what the Oldest Christian community in the world. Defending yourself from invadors who have take your ancestral homeland is not Terrorism.Israel are not  gods they are of god, They our wrong or worse crazy andone day they will finally pay,!

Too bad the filthy muslim swine didn't die.  The fewer muslims in this world the better.

Of all the 50 world conflicts since the 1940s, the Arab Israeli conflict has resulted in fewer deaths than almost any other one.

yep... drop that hot potato if it's way too hot :))))) that's funny! he was on a hunger strike and them jews kicked him out of babilone :))))

How much weight was lost?

Gives this a thumbs down if you are a paid propogandist who is posing as a anti-Israeli American

Islam is essentially evil. It is impossible to respect Jesus Christ while following Mohammad.

Muslims have killed more than 100 Americans for each of the sailors who died on the USS Liberty.

The Israelis democracy has been hijacked by Zionists/religious extremists. Israel is an apartheid state.

Iran protect jews for 3000 year ,but first chance they got bomb iran for 8 year whith the help of sadam hosuin, what a chosen people !Wouldn't put it past Hamas to kill him, and then claim he died as a result of Israeli mistreatment...watch and see.......he's stupid to put his life into the hands of Hamas.

I didn't know that there are Palestinian hunger strikers. I thought they are all suicide bombers.

Yay,he is a Hero!

Israel warned the USA not to invade Iraq.

Muslims are committing genocide of Christians across Islamia.

the paid Muslim propogandaists Disfigured Hasbara Troll  and Reality Check are back again, I wonder how much they get paid to speak their #$%$Most Americans are not dumb like you Islamists, I know in your religion it says you can lie and cheat to get your "Jihad" but if you think anyone thinks you are an American, you need to work on your acting

Good for him, now Hamas can take care of him and I'm being sarcastic.

Islamophobia is a natural response to the ongoing slaughter of Christians by Muslims and the wave of rapes by Muslims of European women.

Mosab Yousef, son of Hamas founder Hassan Yousef, says that Allah is the biggest terrorist.

The US gives far more to Muslims than to Israel.a good palestinian is a dead palestinian

Israel does not need to pacify Obama by removing this dirt bag to Gaza, if he wants to starve, let him. America is behind Israel, with or without Obama.

Israel does not expand its norders unless attacked by its neighbors.

they should have released him after the put a bullet in his head, I wish the Jews were not nice and were animals like the palestinains and their supporters are

what a shame if they are to #$%$ to eat LET THEM DIE!!!!!!!!!

Hudna is not peace, but only a temporary truce. The Hamas Charter rejects peace explicitly in Article 13.

...sad thing is to a USredneck neither muslims or jews matter much to whats important to life in the USA....the world should just rope off that area where them people live and hang a sign on it that reads..."DANGER KEEP OUT! BEWARE JEWS &amp; MUSLIMS LIVE HERE"...

Look up Israeli film maker Nurit Kedar on you tube…..to see what animals the israeli leaders really are…

Good americans don't support israelsheep support israelsheep believe all of what they see on televisionsheep believe the press is not slanted

@Rosenthal...Having survived multiple gassings at Aushwitz and being forced to work in a human lampshade factory at Dachau....I find your comments very upsetting.I can tell that Rikard has been watching the Hamas Hezbollah History channel again.

I can tell that Rikard has been watching the Hamas Hezbollah History channel again.

The jews’ Tall-mud teaches that jews will rule the world and that jews can stoop to anything to reach that goal. Their so-called prayer called the “Kol Nidre “grants them, in advance, permission to lie against all nonjews in each new year.

free bobby sands...

A big dose of E-lax might settle this rubbish.

How disappointing - so he never made it as a martyr ? I understand that not one of those so called 'hunger strikers' died of hunger ah. The prisoner who died in custody was not one of those and his death is disputed. The Palestinians say he died of torture and the Israelis say he died of a heart attack. Who cares anyway ?

Madoff's 70 billion dollars will feed the Jews. Go starve you Palestinians.

Egypt's state-run TV station serialized that old anti-Semitic forgery, "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion".

You either have people on here extolling the virtues and holiness of Israel and or the Palestinians but the sad truth is that neither governments are sin free and both are self serving.  The Israeli government is as much (if not more) of a terrorist organization as the Hamas but with way more clout and backing.  Neither governments care for the ordinary person.  It is all about power and greed and the ordinary people suffer, get blown up, shot or killed.  However I have to admit that I feel sorrier for the ordinary Palestinians as they are caught between a rock and a hard place and are slowly being squeezed out of life.

good he can go home to starve to death there and get their form of medical care.... no more jewish dollars spent to support him.I wish all Islam would go on a hunger strike.

What was the crime of the Palestinians?  Being in Palestine when the diaspora Jews started coming back after a 2000 year absense and confiscating the land.  Thats like Italians claiming Briton after an equally long absense after the legions left.

JUSTICE FOR PALESTINIANS.

The Jews were starved by Hitler's men. They have a right to starve the Palestinians, so said Yahoo the son of Polish migrants who was given this land by God. The Palestinians don't belong there.

How dare they protest being detained without trial!

for goodness sake don't take anymore prisioners  just shoot em  and bury them  there is enough desert  .. is what the palestinians do....

Between 1969 and 1973, Iraq publicly lynched 17 Jews (all civilians, all Iraqi citizens) in a public square in Baghdad for the public to gawk at.

no matter what anybody says, all involved are human beings with dreams, wishes, and hopes! wouldn't a good starting point be "i wonder what it's like to be that other person?"

"Israel's right to exist" is akin to "right to injustice". They are killed by Europeans and they take their revenge upon people in the middle east

In Ankara, thousands of Moslem extremists turned out to chant slogans against the previous Pope and to demand that the flag of Islam be made to fly over the Vatican. By contrast, not one Israeli chanted one slogan against the Pope and no Israeli demanded that the Star of David fly over the Vatican.Who cares if you don't eat? You are the one that it hurts.

There are pictures of European and Canadian leaders and the Pope meeting Hitler; yet these zionist gangsters will show a pic of the Mufti meeting him to prove that he was behind the holocaust. In fact the Canadian PM Mackenzie thought Hitler was like the Joan of Arc

For 60years and continuing, the Jew owned media  feeds us pictures of starving Jews in Europe's Jew concentrated camps. Do these guys have any shame at all under those yarmulkes?

Everytime ( and it's almost everyday, thanks to the Jew controlled media ) we see a starving Jew in one of Europe's Jew concentrated camps, we should pass it on to the Palestinian and let him know why he is being punished

Yet for 60+ years we are forced to watch starved Jews in one of Europe's Jew concentrated camps. No shame I guess.

Have any of you noticed that most of the comments are of the hate variety? Get a life, people!

any one should be able to live anywhere they want. We all live here on earth come on ppl we have to starve and sacrifice just to get word out imagine freedome to live speak eat and worship who we want without being ridiculed

wait dont you mean this nres came from  JERUSALEM

The West Bank is NOT Israel's.  The U.N. says NO.  The U.S. says NO.  The WORLD SAYS NO.  Enough ISRAELI LIES, ARROGANCE, GREED, EVIL, AND MURDER. PEACE NOW, AND THAT MEANS A PALESTINIAN STATE.  We need to send troops to the West Bank and Gaza, and FORCE Israel to comply!

ISRAEL IS A TERRORIST NATION.  They are committing ethnic cleansing the West Bank, stealing land and driving out the natives.ISRAEL NEEDS TO BE *WIPED* FROM THE EARTH...the nation, not the people, and replaced with another Israel, one that accepts the people it controls as CITIZENS, one that apologizes for ethnic cleansing, and one that would welcome people it discarded back as FULL CITIZENS. Yes, the current Israel NEEDS TO GO.

SINCE 2008, 20 ISRAELIS KILLED BY ROCKETS HITTING THE DESERT, while 3000 Palestinians blown apart by Israeli bombs.  Who are the terrorists??

ISRAELIS ARE THE TERRORISTS.  'uck them.  They are murderers.

ISRAELIS WANT YOU TO SAY JEW HATE, then it all becomes RACIST, just how they want it.

ISRAELIS ALL OVER THIS BOARD.  Why do you TRASH have to spread your Muslim hate here?  'uck off, and get of U.S. boards.

LOL, ISRAELIS ONLY SPEW MUSLIM HATE.  Dehumanizing their victims.  Such a N*A*Z*I thing to do.

how are the jewish settlements different from the Lebensraum?

Why have the jews been kicked out of 38 countries in the past 400 years??Because they deserved it!!!

America's RELIABLE allies are England,Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Canada, Australia, Poland, Norway, Georgia, etc..............These nations stand side by side with US troops in Afghanistan, Libya or Iraq. They pay their own bills and support the US administration in diplomatic affairs.

From the jewish TALL-MUD:Yebhamoth 11b:"Sexual intercourse with a little girl is permittedif she is three years of age."No "ally" has more Espionage activities in the United States than israel.

Rosenthal = such a good little Hasbara troll....good little dxck sxcker....

jews did 9/11.....we ALL know it!

Why do jews like to see Christians fighting Muslims??

israel will do ANYTHING to get America to fight Iranjews = spineless cowards

How about us Christians who HATE jews?? What are we??

Rosenthal = speaking like a good little IDF Hasbara TROLL....LOL!!

@Rosenthal....whats the IDF opinion on American Christians who HATE israel and the jews??

From the jewish TALL-MUD:Schulchan Aruch, Choszen Hamiszpat 156When a j€ew has a Gentile in his clutches, another j€ew may go to the same Gentile, lend him money and in turn deceive him, so that the Gentile shall be ruined. For the property of a Gentile, according to our law, belongs to no one, and the first j€ew that passes has full right to seize it.

metzizah bepehjews are worthless creatures who love to have sex with children, and metzizah bepeh  is a sort of initiation for baby jews to get their first taste of pedophilia, homosexuality, and incest. You have to realize what we’re dealing with isn’t some special “chosen people”, but instead is a tribe of raging homosexual pedophiles

Why did God let 6 million of his "chosen" to be exterminated by the N(a)zis. Is God anti-semitic? God told Moses in Exodus: "Let's wipe these  dirty jews out and we will start a new people".

"Antisemitism" is a victim card jews  use  to hide behind…….

Why isnt israel attacking Iran??because they are waiting for America to do it for them!! LOL!!

israel = US welfare Queeen

What’s the difference between the holocaust and Santa?Nothing. They’re both fairy tales.

Megaphone hasbara detection equipment has all available li'l zio-n(a)zis swarming towards this thread, thumbs in hand. LOL!!!

Hope to hell your child isn’t circumcised by a jewish doctor, or you might just catch him sxcking on your baby’s  cxck dirty k(1)ke style!

America First--NOT backstabbing israel

jewish skin makes the best lampshades and wallets….just ask Hezbollah, Hamas and the Taliban..they love their new hand made, jewish skin AK-47 clip holders!!When jews hide = Americans always die

From the jewish TALL-MUDChoshen Ha'mishpat 425:50Kill the Gentiles any means possible.

Rosenthal = shilling for the Hasbara brigade!! Hhahaa!!!

jews = middle east n(a)zis

The holocaust is a LIE....

HELL filled with jews

I'm an American who resents my USA taxpayer money going to support the Racist, Terrorist, Occupier and Apartheid state of israel….

jews are sewer rats that take advantage of the good will and intentions of real human beings.

Execute John Pollard....

ALL jews go to HELL....Triple feature tonight:  “Swindlers list”, “Holocaust Hoax”,  and “J€ws the Eternal Victims”. Knock yourself out.

Rosenthal  is an excellent reason why America needs to cut all funding to israel!!!

Just a question for Israel firsters. How far do you think we should go to support Israel?A.Til’ America as a country is in financial ruins.B.Til’ the whole world minus israel is attacking us.C.Til’ jews are the are the rulers of the world.D.Til’ they have cleansed the world of all non jews.E. All of the above.

jews lie = Americans die

From the jewish TALL-MUD:Zohar, ShemothExtermination of the Christians is a necessary sacrifice.

Why are the dirty jews scared of Obama???

The jews cannot fathom that the majority of Americans HATE israel and the jews..hell even Obama HATES israel and the jews!! LOL!!