On top of all, the worker is pulling hard starting from Tax which is doubled, taxed at work and when we buy, meaning that we are taxed directly and indirectly. The responsibilities at home are never met, also the assurance companies filled our salary advices because of fear of death and the fear of the unknown then you find your take home being slim where you even don't manage to buy enough grocery for the family. Inflation is keepign the button down yet the main trigger being Petrol and Electricity which are on competition today to ruin the lives of the consumers especially the poor. It surely demands tranparent work force that will suit everyone but when, while the plans of the Legislation side come with partially attached motives that end up misdirection the distribution of wealth to the poor citizens.

This rate is a crash to the "poor" yet in South Africa, Jesus gave us Chris who came with a genuine plan to beat this inflation that is trying to dig graves for the poor South Africans but some nagative selfish minded are trying by all means to stop this Samaritan to help the poor of which the government couldn't do or even have a strategy to help the poor like Chris is doing. At least the data shows that something was being beaten to death - poverty - because this move by this Samaritan did shake the whole country than the pyramids that chewed and venished with a lot of money from the people and nothing shaked the country and people were crying silently but now the oposit, people are crying  that Chris must continue with what he has started because the poor were being raised from the graves that this inflation was trying to bury them. I hope the court will see the poor through because as they are on strike, they will think about thier positions as they are also looking for increase while the poor are crying to continue receiving what they could not get from the government. This inflation horrible so only the rich will manage. Look, the extreme part is that Brown bread is ranging at R10.00 upwards, so the poor are being burried.

Inflation isn't some magical force.  You're money is just worth less because the government has been counterfeiting.

Its Newtonian physics as in cause and effect like senior citizens because someone pays for the crimes of  usury and money lending and in order to keep the US economy down (the world's largest) and stagnant the Brits can be chewed into with inflation much like anyone that owns anything in in America is devalued but not inflated to insulate the bankers based in America  living in Brazil, thats the way the cookie crumbles for the global money syndicate and the primary banks from Shearson, to Warburg to Rothschild who have  once again duped the Queen

It is called the capitalist system. The poor will get poorer and the rich richer.

Whats all this bull about the BoE printing money? They haven't printed any extra cash money for years, the chinese have got it all!

And nobody will ever admit,it is immigration that has caused all this,there is nothing left here we are hanging on by a thread,i notice we are paying to help rebuild iraq,buisness advisers ,money etc,would that money not be better spent here,oh i forgot theres oil there,its a joke help everyone else while we go down the toilet,stop immigration now,theres nothing left,they will all go on benefits,mind you we can borrow more money,

2.8 percent inflation. Wage rises limited to 1% at best. Bills up multiple percents, the cost of living rockets and what does Cmoron and the mighty Oz do or even say? Nothing.

Who the hell is Osborne working for?

The Coalitions Prices &amp; Incomes Policy. =  Let prices rise , we'll keep wages down and collect more VAT. ???Higher and higher  inflation do the people running this country really know whats going on ,Do they care ?

the cause of inflarion is two fold 1-printing money we dont have(called quantative easing now).which only bankrupts countries in the end and 2-greedy oil companies and shops overcharging at a time when people have little money to spend,so if we buy less thety increase the price like jackals to make up for loss of profit,a never ending spyral of greed !

How we all like to forget that we've been told for years that all these wind farms would lead to CHEAP, green energy!!!! We've still got loads of coal - even Germany is still building coal powered electricity stations whilst we lead the world in showing . . .  how not to do it!!!!

They haven't said whether it's the RPI or the CPI, a crucial difference which has not been reported.. If they are using the CPI then the actual rate of inflation is higher.

Have the pallys blamed the "zionists" yet?, no?, they soon will....