whippty doo.  They have fallen 40 percent in 2 months.  To go up .9 percent is not news worthy.

I like gold, but I don't like gold miners.  They never seem to make money, no matter what the price of gold is.

Lead has more upside potential than gold.

In a year you will be begging to buy gold at $1700 - It will hit $2000 Very Soon

Damn Lil Wayne got at least 40-50 dollars worth of silver in his grille

"United States is in a "currency war" with other countries. Commodoties, ig. gold, silver, platinum, paladium copper, will rise in value, currency will decline in value. "2014 inflation will be "alive and well" in United States".

Dont short gold gold is going to take off over next few months. The gold mining stocks are going to be the noes benefitting from it. Get abx a safe gold mining stock tahts pretty much at its all time low. Its going to double maybe even triple in price by years end.

When central banks stop purchasing gold, price of gold will fall.

ungold

Gold isn't worth anything.  Bernanke said so.Am I insane? I'm shorting gold. Seriously I'm beginning to wonder about myself.

According to Wikipedia, their is currently 850.7 billion USD in circulation. Gold is currently $1,700 per oz. I can only imagine what will happen to gold if the Fed prints another 600 billion USD.

This inexplicable gold stock beatdown happens almost every month and is because the big guys rig the options market first by buying cheap puts, then by massive short selling in the last week before options closing. Surprise - this week is options closing for gold stocks. More rarely, the opposite happens such as last month. The short selling is blatant and is ignored by the SEC. Very profitable for the crooks, insiders and the 2%. An honest market does not go up every day for ten days then down every day for ten days. An honest market would have price discovery in just one day, or even five minutes. The lower prices every day, like air slowly escaping a balloon, are calculated to create a cascade of real selling by distressed margin loan longs and panicking long investors who use stop losses. It is of course depressing to go long then watch prices fall for say the next 7 or 8 days in a row. The gold stock market smells to high heaven. Same for the rare months of sudden up moves - this time the shorts are panicked into paying high prices. All so thieves and psychopaths working at Wall Street Banks can clean up.

Gold is a hedge against the dollar. Is anyone here invested in the dollar? Do you draw a paycheck?  Do you buy food? Fuel? What do you pay with? How quickly is it becoming worthless? PCI holds down the price of gold with naked shorts on the ETF GLD. Goldman Sachs supresses silver with naked shorts on the SLV ETF. I hold dollars like everyone who is not broke and gold and silver are my derivative (hedge - get it ?) positions on the US dollar. If you don't understand this, take the time to learn or stay away from the metals markets.

I think gold will hold steady.  The gold miners have cratered and are now values, so long as you do not think gold will drop to say 800 an ounce anytime soon.

Only the un-stubborn and smart investors would not believe in the gold rush.  Last year, the stubborn investors were saying gold would hit $2,500 by year end and keep going to $5k this year.  Well, the year had ended and so was that hope.  Now these same people (not so smart anymore) still think it is going to hit $2,000.   Don't be blinded as gold is overvalued.

I thought gold &amp; silver would never go down in price always a safe bet ............

When Corzine broke the bank, commodities have weakened.  Gold is close to meltdown conditions.  Corn is weaker, too.  It would not surprise me if farmland starts to waiver later this year.

Easy money policy and mountains of debt,  Bernanke will not stop his war on the dollar as his bank masters still need to pump up price on their toxic assets. Gold has long way to go.

LOL @ the comments labeling gold as a bubble.  The fundamentals of gold could not be stronger.  Gold has absolutely nothing in common with the fundamental flaws of the tech bubble (cheap money &amp; no earnings), and the housing bubble (cheap money, excessive speculation, government intervention, etc...).  Gold is highly valued when central bankers devalue their currencies.  Gold is also highly valued in an inflationary environment.  Gold is also highly valued in a weak economic environment.  All of these factors could not be more true than they are today.  I'm continuing to buy gold/silver/gold mining stocks on the dips as they have nowere to go but UP over the LONG TERM.Love to see paper gold price is dropping! However, Most paper gold people(Seller) said this action(price dropping) is the short term. They are still making Brainwash to people that the paper gold price will be at $2,000 later.

Gold, is a bubble waiting to burst.

One of the best ways to leverage an investment in the gold play is to invest in some of the junior gold mining penny stocks. One of these is Bonanza Goldfields, "BONZ". The company's newest employee, Dr. Madan Singh, is the recent head of Arizona's Department of Mining and Mineral Resources. Company should be announcing the start of gold production within the next month. Take the time to perform due diligence and I think you'll see the substantial upside that the company offers.

Thanks you guys, I will investigate this....

It is illegal to buy gold from anyone but a government licenced dealer.  Anyone who buys or sells gold illegally is determined to be a higrader and most probably will face jail time for doing so.

Gold could be the best thing going--it could also be the biggest loser in the next year.  Take your pick, and your risk.  Want to be a high roller, go for the gold!

To Troyw, How would you go about finding a source to buy gold direct from mine in Alaska without middleman???

It sure looks like something has put a $1744. limit on gold. CAN this be done? Surely coincidence wouldn't have rising value stop at this number continually?

I have some gold claims in Alaska and it has just been the last few years where they have became profitable to operate. Gold will go over $2000 by the end of 2013. Maybe higher. The new benchmark for gold spot price seems to be $1600. Buying actual raw gold direct from the miner is the best way to go as far as protecting your savings from inflation. With no middle man involved it beifits both the miner and the buyer. Currently raw gold direct from Alaska miners is selling for around $1500 per troy ounce.

First it was stock, then housing, now it's gold - THAT IS BEING PLUNDERED. Anything that touts "make a fortune" is to suck the marginal and hopeful in. The Lottery COULD make you rich too. Then again, it could induce you to to lose tens of thousands over your lifetime without ever hitting a jackpot. Trading implies risk and LIABILITY: you could have to pay big bucks if your trades lose. The only gold to have is the physical stuff you can touch. And gold is to hold. Whenever you hear or see a line to sell you: remember there is a hook at the end.First it was stocks, then housing, now it's gold, the gold rush is happening right now and you can take advantage of this very easily by trading gold just like you would trade stocks, and make a fortune doing so. Come check out our free demonstration coming up, google "Gold Trading Academy" and let us show you what we have to offer you and how trading gold is where the gold rush is.

Bonanza Goldfields - BONZ.  Gold production at the company's Tarantula site is expected to start this week. Read the recent Yahoo news.  Get in today for under 3 cents.  "Penny stock today. Dollar stock tomorrow."

When you start seeing signs that say "We sell gold" instead of "We buy gold," thats when gold will be in a bubble.To not be bullish on Gold is to beleive that Congress will balance the budget, the Federal Reserve can/will stop printing, and the US will start running trade surpluses in the not too distant future.