I'm surprised no one has taken out their politician and Hung him!

yep , I see it comming...

So wrong on so many levels, but expect the global rich to keep feasting more aggressively in order to keep profit growth alive. Time to put an end to their predations.

this story is nicely buried. and that's what we need to do with our money, bury it because we're next.

pull all your money out of all banks.  Let them fail without dumping it on us hard working savers.  F the banks.  Bernanke needs to get tossed

Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.Winston Churchill

,,,Taxing bank deposits and savers...is not how a goverment builds an economy....

The big picture here is that the EU and the IMF are broke!  Socialist Europe has spent itself into poverty - they don't have the funds to bail out a tiny little island without stealing hard earned money.  Watch out socialist America - you're next!

Read it weep my fellow Americans. Because this is exactly where President O'Bamams Tax, Borrow and spend policy's are taking us. Don't think so? Keep this in mind. The property, equity, bank deposits, and financial instruments that you think you own are all pledged as security for every penny that the United States borrows. It is subject to seizure, Taxation, and levy, upon our default on any payment. Why in the heck do you think  we are downgraded when our debt becomes too large a percentage of our GDP? It is because we are financially out of balance. Just like a mortgage lender looks at your income to debt ratio when determining your ability too repay, so do lenders that invest in countries productivity look at this important ratio when deciding how credit worthy Those nations seeking loans are . O'Bama is all about putting us out for bids. And if we default, we will all be sold off for pennies on the dollar. How in the hell do you think the mega wealthy get wealthier?George Soros is salivating at the thought of owning us. O'Bama is his dream come true inside man,and the ignorant fools that love his policies are his useful idiots. Learn how things work, or loose everything as a result of your ignorance.I guess someone convinced you all that there was a free lunch.

Regressives are already eyeing up our 401ks and pensions.  They need revenue and those financial professionals specializing in private retirement savings and the U.S. citizens investing in private retirement plans now face the possibility the Obama administration and its allies on the political left will impose rules and regulations that effectively abolish the private retirement savings and investment markets.Recent evidence suggests government officials continue to eye the multi-trillion dollar private retirement savings market, including IRAs and 401(k) plans, eyeing the opportunity to redistribute private retirement savings to less affluent Americans and to force the retirement savings out of the private market and into government-controlled programs investing in government-issued debt.  They are planning on looting our retirement because its to hard to stop studying pig poop, and paying for reality t.v. shows in India and stopping brideges to no where.

Maybe they realized it will cause a run on the banks.Its time to stuff the Old mattress again..............

Pay attention Americans... this is how they do it.  Confiscation of your savings and IRA's to pay for Barry's multi-Trillion $ spending addiction.

Coming soon to america.  This is what you idiots wanted, and I have no sympathy for you when the time comes.

Socialist logic, what's yours is yours, and what's mine is also yours. Yup, now I know where American government economists get their education.

Oh #$%$.  Holder is probably drafting a similiar decree for BO to sign.  It is within the limits of BO's leadership statement; "I will do what I want. Let them see what they can do about it."

This is how they have done this around the globe.  First you identify a country with resources.  Then you offer money for the rights to mine/drill for those resources.  If that fails you either create a war and cause direct panic using recession, embargo, sanction and any other financial weapon that's at hand to get the rights to the resources.  Bitterly disappointing really and the tactics haven't changed, just the mechanisms.

Banks trying to force country's to do as they;re told or else they'll be financially penalised.  Yes, we're an intelligent species and our fellow man is right at the top of the list of concerns.  The financial system has to go.  It's more damaging than war.

Please don't show Obama and the Democrats this !!!!

Coming soon the the United State of Socialist America.

The paranoia is in bloom, the PRThe transmissions will resumeThey'll try to push drugsKeep us all dumbed down and hope thatWe will never see the truth around(So come on!)Another promise, another scene, anotherA package not to keep us trapped in greedWith all the green belts wrapped around our mindsAnd endless red tape to keep the truth confined(So come on!)They will not force usThey will stop degrading usThey will not control usWe will be victoriousInterchanging mind controlCome let the revolution take its toll if you couldFlick the switch and open your third eye, you'd see thatWe should never be afraid to die(So come on!)Rise up and take the power back, it's time thatThe fat cats had a heart attack, you know thatTheir time is coming to an endWe have to unify and watch our flag ascendThey will not force usThey will stop degrading usThey will not control usWe will be victoriousHey .. hey ... hey .. hey!They will not force usThey will stop degrading usThey will not control usWe will be victoriousHey .. hey ... hey .. hey!This is so socialist in nature to take away people's savings in order to support government. And this could have dire effects by not creating a saving society in Cyprus and people not to put heir money back in banks, thus making them weaker. The only ones what will be harmed in this is Cyprus's citizens, not EU bureaucrats. THE EU is corrupt.

It could happen here as the politicians seek to fuel their spending habit. Tax everything the responsible taxpayers have to buy votes and power. Acorking to the President, 'we don't have a spending problem, we have a revenue problem' and where do you get revenue? Tax anyone who has anything, buy gold and hold it somewhere out of the politicians sight.

Satan has spred his wings. This country and others are doomed.

this will happen in the US one day. Isn't socialism grand?  lol

Wow, I saw this on dailymail and it was one of their top stories and here, i had to SEARCH for it. Hmmm, i wonder why a story like this would basically be hidden?

"Archbishop Chrysostomos said Cypriot authorities should instead issue long-term government bonds to depositors which could be redeemed once gas proceeds start rolling into state coffers."R E A L L Y ?  I thought fossil fuels (read CARBON) were to be shunned!!!!!!  The proceeds will most likely be nill or offset by carbon TAXES imposed by the grand world treaty to trade carbon credits.  What about the pollution and potential hazards to the environment from extraction of the gas.  My bet?  Won't ever happen.  Socialism only worked this long before collapse because we provided most of their defen$e.

Our problem is not taxing the people but in the socialization of corporations through entitlements built into the tax codes  I have seen estimates of up too 1 yes 1 trillion dollars a year lost too these entitlements promoted by corporations through lobbyists   DO YOUR HOME WORK FOLKS  SEARCH THE WEB THE INFORMATION IS THERE.  Corporations are no creating jobs just high profits for Hedge Fund managers, wall street and institutional traders

A mere 9.9 percent? Our people lost ALL their bank deposits in the early nineties as inflation reached 1,000 percent annually.

A tax on your deposits??  Weren't you taxed before you deposited??  If not then ok the tax should go ahead.  After all here in the USA we have had taxation without representation for years, to clarify,  "without common sence representation"

The real menace of our Republic is the invisible government which like a giant octopus sprawls its slimy legs over our cities states and nation. At the head is a small group of banking houses generally referred to as 'international bankers.' This little coterie... run our government for their own selfish ends. It operates under cover of a self-created screen...[and] seizes...our executive officers... legislative bodies... schools... courts... newspapers and every agency created for the public protectionWell, this all is the result of tax and spend, and striving for a world economy where everything is linked together and dependent on each other. Enjoy what is called the "domino-effect."  And no place in the world is safe.

Daylight robbery !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if that ever happened to me,it would be war!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

In Cyprus Ward at the Arkham Asylum, there is a big row developing over the Monopoly game, which is so popular amongst the inmates of the hospital . A lot of the paper money which is used to play the game has mysteriously disappeared . The patients, who are in control of the paper money which they paint numbers on and call themselves ‘Bankers’, claim that they have do not have enough money to keep the game going which puzzles the other patients, as only a few years ago, the Bankers had a lot of ‘Money’ .However, the ‘Leaders’ of Cyprus Ward, who are best friends with the Bankers have decided to steal 10% of the rest of the ward’s money and give it to the Bankers . There are suspicions that the Leaders and the Bankers will share the money out between themselves but at present, it is not known whether the robbery will be successful .The Leaders and the Bankers for the Monopoly game in other wards such as Britain Ward, USA Ward and France Ward are observing Cyprus Ward with interest and wonder whether they will be able to rob the patients of the paper money, in their own wards .Coming to your ward soon !

GOOGLECyprus human cattle gets the prize for buying the "conservatives" broken record: "bank accounts are safe":

GOOGLEThe collapse of Banks script, part of the BIG BANG script catching the human cattle by surprise, was exposed long ago by Last Prophet Matt Marriott.The four stages:- 1: some banks "collapse" and are "bailed out" to justify "austerity", in particular the "sovereign debt" hoax.- 2: savings and pension funds of ALL banks in a particular area are reduced by  X%, where X between 9.99% and 40%.- 3: ALL banks in in a particular area declare bankruptcy, ALL savings and pension funds are reduced to 0 (anihilated).- 4: Stage 3 for ALL areas.

Greece now Cyprus !The Cyprus suitation is weird tax payers and investors are at a lost all should be made clear by the EC and ECB excutives Herman van Rumpy and Mario Draghi.The EU arena is poised for change on a governmental level none can deny that the Irish and Greek senarios proves this not to mention the evolving senarios with Spain, Portugal and Italy government and economies.It's a challenge to effectively reform the existing economical policies and laws that is riveted with complicated legislative red tape in the accord or in the acts of the respective members cabinets.ECB fiscal policies and legislation needs to stamp out or superimposed it idologies upon the entire bloc it shouldn't be a case of win win for some or a loose loose case for some.Transparency is vital their the bloc experienced fiscal problems Greece was unpluged and rebothed the cost was high this reveals that all governments will equaly feel the cost redefined EU intergation and cohesion.Cyprus had options to tackle their bailouts and fiscal turbalance the Cypriots are caught in a double mind their best option is the route of emergency loans from their Russian subsidaries.This was jolted into effect by the Risk Management solutions that the ECB President implemented by redecorating the way Europe should gain from the global merchantiles in the context of trade and investment.Governments local Treasuries should workout their challenges rather than the ECB Treasuery this exposes the value of euro dollar.The EU zone was crippled by the 2008 shockwaves most economies have not fully recovered even economies outside of Europe what most EU zone members have failed to realised is that investment on a global perspective have been boosted by the trokia's awareness to redirect member government from their illing Central Banks in opening the currecy route via the Banking structure across Europe this renders a recovery period for the ECB aynalist in relation to bench mark rates and rate attached to it assets on it bonds and euro currency printing (reserves).The possibilities to generate optimum revenue on the markets have been put on display for all member government to take advantage rather than to choose the crushing option with it's painful procuders of penalties and higher rates in approaching the EU Treasury which directly sets up the members Central Banks to selfinflict it taxpayers to strike a fiscal balance on an economical basis.EU zone members that are furnished with the euro curreny are restricted in accordance with the EU Multiannual Financial Framework.TO: George Osborne, Anatoly Askakov, Nicos Anastasiades, Giorgos Perdikis, Anotnis KoutalainosM.Draghi, Herman van Rumpy and S. Wolfgang.Yours RespectfullyEndell Maynard...........................................

I shoud think the fairest tax would be some fraction of the interest received, because said interest was paid in part out of Greek bonds.

What a cluster*uck this going to be.  Anyone else thinking they should be pulling cash out of the bank before TSHTF?

FYI, Hillary Clinton already suggested taxing IRA and 401k savings because, in her opinion, "it just isn't fair" for all that money to be laying around and the government not getting what she considers to be their fair share.

Today political party affiliation does not make any differences any more. We are and whole world under control and supervision of Bilderberg Group master and creators of NWO. Today majority worldwide politicians members of NWO club, so do not be wore over who what and why going to be elected it is they and only they Bilderberg Group "NWO" masters going decide that. They have one goal it is to take over the world and eliminate 80-90% of the world population and slave all remain rest of 500 millions. Beware what going to happened with you and your family after  NWO going take over the world and start implement final solution over us humanity. My friends we must investigate and expose and burn to the ground their evil plans but if you want to be a market slave go ahead because in the totalitarian NWO regime will be only two classes the masters incredibly wealthy and their slaves. Can you guess which one you will belong to or it is too difficult for you? Wake up my Brothers do your research, my recommendation: Read the book “Masters Game“by Graham Hancock &amp; Robert Bauval. Book contains 6 hundred pages with sources, photos and references. And YouTube videos especially: “The Upcoming New World Order”, “NWO Deception”, “Satanic NOW”, “One World Religion”,“The big deception”,“NWO Alien Agenda”,“The Deception of One World Religion”,“New World Order Plan to Kill 90% of the World's Population”,“Illuminati Satanic 2012+ UFO Event”,“NWO Satanic Higher Consciousness”,“New Age Satanism”,“Satanic Enlightenment”, “New Age Deception”, “The Power behind the New World Order Full Documentary”,“The Satanic 9/11 Ritual” by Bill Cooper, “Zeitgeist” by Peter Joseph. Wake up my Brothers time is running out. Please do your research you mast Google “New World Order”! Information will wake you up to reality.Bank runs sound like too much reality for us duhmericans.  That's why there's only 28 comments.

On monday euro go bankrupt...........!