Just heard on our local news (Reno, NV) that an 8th marine has died, my condolences to friends and family of the killed and wounded.

Obviously Flawed. I don`t stand behind you!......I stand beside you!!!

Can journalists even tell the truth anymore?  "Banning" and "halting until investigation is done", are two different things.

I was on a 4/2 mortar squad sometime ago-and was always on edge when firing and placing the "cheese" on the firing end of the shell...As I remember each piece of "cheese" made the distance variable...That "cheese" was very explosive and any extra not used would be laid in a trench over lapped..and a match was thrown on the end and in seconds a 20 foot trench was gone. Each shell had a fuses that would be set when the shell was lowered into the tube, for the explosion on target impact. Once in awhile there would be a shell hung-up and would require it to be removed by the officer in charge as it could go off in the tube. All the enlisted men would take cover...exciting time. The 62 was a smaller lighter version and that is what the Viet Cong were good with...Anyway when explosives get old the become VERY dangerous and unreliable....

thankyou for your service to keep us safe. , rest in Gods love, peace

Thats a #$%$ way for a solder to die.

Training for war is dangerous business.  Salute to the fine marines taken during this tragedy.

In late 1966, in Vietnam, we had a premature burst from one of our 2/11 Marine howitzers for no apparent reason which killed one Marine on the gun crew.Any time there was a incident, which was more often than you might think, the entire numbered lot would be pulled, and disposed. With the millions of rounds fired by artillery in that war, it was proportionally quite safe, but I always knew something could go wrong.

My condolences to the families, friends &amp; fellow Marines of those killed in this horrible accident.

u never know what tomorrow brings

Who writes these headlines? They DID NOT BAN THE MORTARS...they halted use until investigation is over.  Did these people take english or journalism in school? Wher do they find these idiots?Understand this folks.  Our military MUST train as they expect to fight, under conditions as real as common sense will allow.  Over the years our military have not only died on the battlefield.  They have died in what civilians see as "peace time."  This is not the first time men have  died in training, nor will it be the last.  However, if they fail to train in this way, many many more of them will die in battle.Semper Fi my brothers.  I pray that God receive you and comfort you.  Take a knee and rest.  Your mission is completed....with honor.  And May God comfort and heal those injured that they will recover to return to their families and their Corps.

I have the deepest sympathy for those involved.  My son was part of a mortar team in the Marines years ago.  Thousands and thousands of these rounds have been fired.  An investigation as to the exact cause will be difficult, but at the same time this is an infantry mans quick explosive response. I see them halting for the investigation, but I cannot see such a useful weapon banned.

I went through extensive Artillery Training at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. Our biggest fear was  proximity fuses. A proximity fuse could be set off by a drop of rain or a bird if it received a signal leaving the muzzle we were all dead. Visiting West Point Cadets borrowed our towed 105 MM  an explosion killed six of them. I never knew the cause or details. Any live coal left in the breach or tube of our 155 MM could kill the loaders and cause a stuck live and ready round in the tube. You can not comprehend  the heat produced by unused artillery powder at the end of a shoot. R.I.P young heroes.

Thank you for your service troops. RIP

are mortor tubes inspected via x-ray like aricraft parts??

Marines don't die, we just go to hell and re groupSemper Fi brothers

The 60mm mortar has been the choice of light artillery for the Marine Corp since at least the thirties. It gives artillery support at the platoon level and is light and easealy transported to the front lines. I suppose that's not the first time this has happened but you don't expect to die in training. My condolences to family and friends.

I've used them in training, but have never seen something like this first hand. I have heard some horror stories, though. My condolences to the families. The issue of getting killed in combat, or training, is always the elephant in the room...a subject no one wants to broach. It's very real. It happens, and it always hurts.

senator harry reid didnt let any time go to waste till he used these deaths to blame the sequester...what a douche.

Harry Reid already tried to politicize this tragedy...drawing this accident to the sequester......what a classless useless POS...He is a pathetic waste for the citizens of the U.S.all exlposive projectiles have  some percentage of failure rate even if that rate is miniscule as in one in a million +/- for example. or .000001 to whatever. even hand thrown grenades. at least thats what your uncle sam told me in 1970, and the LAW and even the m79. only guarantee is taxes. i was a soldier once.. twice when nobody was lookin"...some training day !!. i shoot off my mouth alot.

From WWll through Korea, Vietnam, the media never exploited  any problem with munition or human malfunctions.  But we are now in the blame society no matter what occured. Just another headline for them.

In 1969 during Marine Reserve Training,Chicago White Sox outfielder Carlos May had a practice motor round take off a part of his thumb.He was a .300+ plus hitter before the accident.He was never able to put up the same type of numbers afterwards.It cut his career short.

And how many thousands of these are fired every year without incident in practice and actual combat use? It's a horrible accident and I hope they can determine a cause, but instantly screaming "ban" after one incident?

What a lousy way to go. I feel so bad for their families.

Watched mortar used at night against the Viet Cong, very effective,,what ever happened sorry for the families loss!!!

A lot of things can happen once the firing pin is active, the round can just misfire or blow-up in the tub. Metal fatigue in the tub could also be a factor. RIP, thank you for your services.

Here's my guess...just a guess.  A round with a defective propelling charge, or one w/o a propelling charge, was in the tube and a second round was loaded causing the round in the tube to explode, which caused the second round to detonate, as well.  Terrible accident, to be sure.

60mm mortar tubes and rounds have been used for decades.  The latest version dates back some 30 years.  I would be more worried about the rounds from the lot used in the accident.  Beyond that, I grieve for my lost Marine brothers.Semper FiWillieSGT USMCRVN - 1968

I served as a 0341(mortar man) back in the 70's. I trained on the 81's and 60's. The 60s and 81s both had bi-pods not tri-pods. When we had live fires there was always medical personel on site and unless you were doing a fire for effect only one round was allowed in the pit. Usually there were 2 ammo men,an assit gunner and a gunner during training. These weapons can also be fired from the leg using a special plate. The rounds have pin safety and a spin safety. The A. Gunner pulls the pin and the round spins when leaving the tube arming the shell. We had a problem with the spin safety falling out before firing.  God bless their souls. Semper Fi 75-79Pretty interesting.  It doesn't say what type of training was being conducted at the time of the accident.  Maybe they were firing too many rounds too fast, tube got too hot, and cooked one off?Either way, I'm not sure who told them the 60 requires a crew of 3 or 4.  Two was pretty much the standard when I was an 11C.  You'd maybe get 3, but odds are you only had two.  81s would have 3-4, as would the 120.Thoughts and prayers go out to the families affected, and I hope we can quickly come to an answer as to what went wrong.  Most likely just a bad lot.

The services all waste millions to constantly "improve" a simple weapon that does the same thing it did in WWII, and then try to save pennies by using 20-year old stockpiled ammunition for training.

So far the only idiot here is Dirty Harry known to most as Dem. Harry Reid whohad the gall to blame this on a Sequester that will not take effect foranother year or two.

Something similar happened when I was at Fort Gordon--except it was a Howitzer round. We called them "short  rounds". It's not unheard of. Probably, but certainly not definitely, it could have been poorly manufactured. God knows when it was made but that's easy to determine. Could be old ordnance, which is commonly used in training.

I have read and re-read this article and still feel as though something significant is missing. It is as though an incorrect explanation suffices as necessary obsfucation while the guy-in-charge covers his butt.

What a horrible waste. Words can not express my sadness for your loss. You will all be in my thoughts.

Same lot with repeated problems?  Send them back to the manufacturer for a refund, and to let them deal with the things.They probably saved a half a penny each with cheaper components or something, why let them keep the profits?

Typical Yahoo. They are not being banned, the use of them is being suspended until the investigation can be completed.However, in the sensationalism world of Yahoo, using "banned" is better as it has subconscious ties to the other bans in the news - those nasty and horrible "assault weapons".Surprisingly, Yahoo missed the part that these really are used during an assault, and during defensive operations, too.

60mm should be retired,,,,stick with the 81mm or go 120mm....the 60 is outclassed...and apparently dangerous...

Getting killed in training due to faulty equipment or ammo is not exactly what anybody has in mind as dying serving your country--really lame excuse by the folks responsible.We need to ban bad reporters!

To the family's of the warriors, may God Bless you in these tough times....

ANY size mortar shell can kill you.  That's why guys who're loading the 60 or 81, etc. are very, very quick when they drop that puppy down the tube.

Halt vs Ban,  thanks for pointing out the difference.  No matter how you cut it, some fine Marines are gone.  Hate to hear that.

I wonder if they cooked off a round, you would think the training NCO would know enough not to let this happen. Or perhaps it was a defective round, bad fuse.I don't understand how this can happen in training though, firing off HE rounds is expensive, so the military has a fake 60mm round that has white smoke and flash bang for practice. These rounds don't really explode and can be re-used, so the chance of shrapnel wounds would be small. Obviously, these guys were doing live ammo practice, which is unusual (although we used to fire off older ammo to get rid of it).

Bad ammo..  The question, is it wide spread or just a few lots of it.

GOD BLESS ALL INVOLVED.....):

60 MM that is bigger than my fist We make that tuff to KILL not to play nice. KILL That is the job of the Pentagon--KILL Not be nice. KILL   In the most efficint manner possible

They need to trace back the exploding mortar rounds back to the production line and see if other mortars from the same batch are defect. Hopefully, no components are imported from overseas.

Boy, that headline is a little misleading!Prayers for the dead and their families. I hope this was just a defective round and not sabotage. These things have been used for decades.

uh.. i know they mentioned some reasons for why it could have gone off. but if they were mid exercise. they prob lobbed off plenty of rounds = hot tube = increased chances of premature detonation of round being cooked

Switch to the 81 mm mortar, Jarheads!  No problems with it, for decades....

Anyone is/was in the military who knows if there are safeties on the fuses of these 60mm shells? What happens if the charge fails(if fails to fly), or it's dropped on tip-down?

60 mm mortar??!!! They were phased out right after the Korean War... replaced by the M79 grenade launcher. IF they were brought back into service... I wonder if they were still usingammunition left over from WW2 &amp; Korea. I know in Viet Nam we (Marines) used 105 shellsleft over from the Korean War and every now and then there'd be a 'short' round.

Funny how their are no jobs with the exception of all of the jobs in the military.... Don't ever say the government doesn't "make jobs" they have no shortage of them if you are willing to chance dying.  I wish we could just  realize that these young people could be handed tools instead of weapons. Skills and relevant training instead of injuries and PTSD..We could fix our world instead of conquering and destroying it. Our weakness and apathy lets this 300+year old, EUROPEAN game of killing for the profit of the elite go on and on.

My sympathy for the losses .Sounds like a defective fuse, glad they are standing down until tested.

Once again, our state run media propaganda machine skews the report. Also, thanks to Harry "never let a good tragity go to waste" Reid who once again, shoves his head up his own rear end and then talks out of it.

Halting use of a weapon while conducting an investigation is not a ban!

They didn't "ban" the rounds, you morons! They have put their use on hold until they understand the problem.Collateral damage in the never-ending pursuit of wartime profits for a select few.

Mortars have always scared the $#!t out of me.When they're in use, I want to be as far away as possible.

My heart goes out to the families of the Marines that were killed or wounded in the explosion. I presently have three sons in the military.

The ultimate price we pay for the freedoms we so enjoy, is paid for with the blood, lives and sacrifice of those men and women who unselfishly volunteer to defend it every day...in training and on the battle field.So tragic.Hua, my brothers.

Jesus!

My condolences..... RIP and thank you for your service

my heart and my prayers go out to these brave marines  SEMPER FI

Semper Fi Marines. RIP.

"...whether these weapons are safe..."If they are safe then they're not very good to use as weapons.

I have trained up in Hawthorne and MWTC in the middle of the Sierras. Had the opportunity to operate these hand held (can be fired both base plate and hand held) while training overseas. Held held was pretty challenging- don't see how these mortar men can do it. RIP to the 8 Marines lost.Unless things have changed since i fired the 60mm in Korea and Vietnam there should only be two crewman manning the mortor , maybe 3 to pass the rounds to the man who passes the round to the person who set the range,Etc. The rest wanted to see what the round looked like as it exited the barrel of the tube i guess. The OIC should be held accounable for the deaths of the five. They had no bussiness being that close to the mortor. I once had an 81 mm explode in the tube in Vietnam and the schrapel went stright up just taking off my left ear and and my left eye leaving me deaf in that ear and blind in the left eye..

My heart goes out to the families of the Marines that died and those that were injured.I am so sorry for your loss.

my condolance to the the familiy of these fallen hero's

They say Marines guard the gates of Heaven.

That is certainly a rare situation . The cause must be found .

will the flags be ordered to half staff like it was for other less deserving people...

Leave to a liberal piece of #$%$( like Harry DINGY Reid to try and make political points off the deaths of these Marines. How he sleeps at night is beyond me.

Sad day

My dad told me a story about a similar incident that happened when he was in the Marines in the '50s. Same thing, they dropped the round down the tube and it blew up and the guys were killed. My dad was several hundred yards away when it appened but he was still interviewed by investigators. Must be some kind of latent defect in mortar rounds.

it's sad, prayers for their familiesI would say this was defective ammo.I have heard of large caliber cannon projectiles exloding in the barrel due to careless manufacturer leaving out the "bore Safety" that will not let the shell explode until it has made so many turns or rotation which puts it far away from the gun that fired it.A friend lost his right hand when a grenade with a defective fuse went off in his hand.The fuse makers forgot to put a bursting wafer in during manufacture and four more were found to be in the same condition upon examination.

I just watched the vid where Harry Reid was comparing this accident to the sequester... What a friggen douhcebag... I don't care if you are Pub Dem or fricken alien.. you don't go making something like this political... #$%$.. every last one of them I swear....

I was in a group that first operated the current version of the 60mm mortar in use now. The new type shells are very sophisticated and use electronic systems for detonation. The old WW2 era shell had a physical safety that pops out in the air as the shell leaves the tube.

Is AP or Yahoo going to report on the Super Schmuck Harry Reid already trying to blame this incident on the sequester?Really... the guy is a disgrace, a total jackass and incompetent loser.

We used the 60MM Mortar in Vietnam thousands of rounds...a good light close support weapon..! That said, I doubt there is 3 people sitting in the pentagon who would know what a 60MM Mortar looks like, let alone how one works......you just don't see alot of them at the Officer's club..!

My son goes, "Dad, I don't listen to any biased news accounts. I get my news directly from AP". Hahaha. Go figure.

Semper Fi Marines, see you on Fiddlers Green.prayers go out to their family

RIP Brave "Devil Dawgs!"

RIP----The Few, The Proud, THE MARINES!!!!

Incidents like this are the reason we earn every penny we receive during and after leaving the military.  There is no guarantee we will survive our day at 'work', since our 'office' can be anywhere on the planet. God speed to those that didn't make it this time.I offer my prays for the family's here in this time of sadness..............

you guys are talking about these guys like their ex marines.

RIP Seven Marines ...GBNF !!!

You can bet when its all said and done the blame will be placed squarely on the enlisted personnel. What they are doing now is known as damage control!

And when he gets to Heaven, St Peter he will tell, Another Marine reporting sir I've served my time in hell.Rest in peace my brothers, thank you for your service and Semper Fidelis

They didn't "ban" it.  They suspended it.  The Liberal media knows no bounds when it comes to disgusting people.

Let's ban all weapons of war and fight our wars with sticks and stones!

This is a tragedy. I don`t know enough about it to say anything else. Mourn the brave men who died and were injured.

What a sad day for our young fighting men.

Did anyone watch Sen. Majority Leader, Harry Reid stand and say "This was due to the sequester". What a sorry, stupid thing for a man of his stature to say!  This is not politics, this is a tragic accident that cost lives. And in his home state.Harry Reid should be sent to the front

Maybe they should limit the military to handguns.

Click. Click BOOM

What are they going to do about the 81mm mortars? Mortarmen aren't going to have an mos anymore.

RIP Patriots

Thank you very much for your service and keeping America safe. My prayers goes out to the families of those Marines who were killed and those wounded. God Bless.

....ban the use of an extremely effective weapon...because of an anomoly ?....typical civilian idiotic reaction.....

Let's ban the human race, honestly we're all a bunch of idiots!

I'm wondering if the was a hang fire?

My deepest sympathy and prayer for the famiIies of our soIdiers Iost and those wounded.If it turns out that ordinance was out of spec or too oId to be safe we must correct this now.I was in this unit a few years ago. 1st battalion 9th marines. Semper fi brothers, may you rest in peace :(

I hope this move dose not end up killing more Marines then this unfortunate accadent did !

The mortor round was probably manufactured during the Vietnam war. Back then we were using rounds from WWII or Korea. I know.....I was badly injured by one that came from a "bad lot" according to my military seniors.

"The museum displays hundreds of shells and other munitions, battery guns and weapons dating to World War II."What the hell is a battery gun?

I am saddened by the death of these 7 Marines.....but, if the military banned a weapon everytime someone was killed.....our military would be reduced to clubs and then they would probably find something wrong with that as well!  By the way I am a retired Army Master Sergeant!

Call it any way you want, but this is about the stupidest thing I've ever heard in my life; and, of course, one of the most tragic. Who needs enemies when we intentionally put ourselves in such harm's way using this kind of live ammo?! So this is what we do....HOPE we don't kill our young servicemen before we send them into a war zone where they might possibly get killed? We need to start sending our politicians - regardless of their ages - right into the front lines of battle, and their children - FIRST, and if they can't handle that, then get out...OR don't send our soldiers to wars when we're not being attacked here at home. Like we did with Pearl Harbor, when we're attacked here at home, no one will need to tell anyone when and whom it's time to go fight to defend the country. This is appalling.....our sick politicians don't value the lives of our servicemen and women at all.....like with everything else, they're all bullslht talk.

What left thing to do.  Ok, then, what about all the rest of the bombs and stuff you people use to watch Americans.  Might we start with the new NSA building in Utah that will checking on every bank account in America, except Congress and the Generals of course.

The pointy end is supposed to go up.

Banned? Used to be that AP meant something special in journalism. Now I guess it means something else. BTW, Not only blame the writers of this article. How about the editor?  No one proof reads any more?

May God Bless you and keep you;May he make his countenance to shine upon you and give you peace.-Semper Fidelis-I know the answer to everything , it was Bush's fault.

Dropped in backwards?

This happens when the 60 mm is double loaded

are motor tubes on x-ray a schedule like aircraft parts???  would NDI be possible???

Name one Bomb that is safe?

I thought those rounds were spin-armed.

My Deepest Appreciation to All Our Soldiers, Veterans and Their Families! God Bless You!

did they load one on top of another (a dud) is it possible to do so, that would be a very bad mistake. R.I.P to the fallen..

How many of those rounds were fired with no problem. There are numerous reasons that could have caused this to happen. Just wait to see if they can figure it out. R.I.P. Warriors..

sad news, RIPMy condolences to the families and friends, rest in peace my brothers.

My condolences to the families who have lost their loved ones. Thank you for your service Marines. Rest in peace.

Rest In Peace

This was a comment I made 12 hours ago when the story first broke it was pretty close......'Sounds like a round blew up inside the barrel of the mortar gun, I was a gunner to a 81mm and 4.2  mortar guns in the Army and when this happen its shrapnel everywhere. We were always told many of the rounds were ancient , like dated back in the vietnam time or before or 15-20 or so years old and the dates were on them, they were old.. Could have been a defective round with a bad casing that blew apart when the charges went off under it and blew up in the tube, blowing the tube apart, In this case the 7 man team next to the gun affected (if they were big guns) where injured. This gun may have been on the end of the firing line with a team just to one side of them ?, just a theory. Also, from I recall the round does not arm until it turns 360 degrees 3 times so tipping the tube and taking the round out on misfire and it blowing is on the unlikely side as even the round is not capable of turning 3 times in the tube.  Anyways, sorry it happened , its very sad. I have issues with this Gov but would not make the mean statements some of you are making.

Rest in peace, Marines.

hell, i was in&amp;out before the draft ended. thats me all over. i dont miss helicopter rides except coney island. or bumper cars. please dont resusitate me under a democratic administration. let me die in peace. i am not a #$%$

R.I.P. warriors.  Thank you for your service.  Semper Fi.  My thoughts and prayers are with you and your loved ones.

It's a shame that these things happen but when your in the life and death business accidents are very costly. Every agency in the military, police and fire department take every precaution to protect their personal but even they can't predict the future. In order to prevent disaster from happening again they have to investigate to find out the cause. To the families of these men I'm quite sure God will take care of them and make up in Heaven what they lost in life.

I was a mortarman in the Army. We had heard of the (thankfully) very occasional shell detonating in the tube instead of shooting out and blowing up downrange. Every time you dropped a round into the tube it was in the back of your mind. If that happened anyone near would be killed, as the tube itself would become shrapnel. God bless those guys.

I'm a retired squid, and I owe The Marines for saving my life in Vietnam after our aircraft went down.  They rescued us under intense fire...luckily they were close by when we "augered in"...and got our squid butts out of there with no loss of life to them or us...but I can't say to some VC.  I believe our Marine rescuers greased a few before we were clear of danger.  I cry and pray for these young men who died......and all that know them.  I have never met more honorable men in my life, as U.S. Marines.  Semper Fi you fabulous jarheads !  I'm old...but I'll always have your "6".  God bless you all.Mortars are not as easy to operate as the 'expert' says...The first step is to have the guts to join the military.

Just like the media . "Pentagon bans 60mm Morters".. The soldiers are our babies. God bless them and the loss  to the families and the Cop.

My deepest condolences to the families, and great respect to the fallen. God be with you. I do think it was disgraceful of Reid to attempt to connect this tragedy on the sequester. Makes me wonder if there are no depths he will not go to just to justify a failed ideology? Ya' know, there sure seems to be no shortage of shameful acts or words as of late.

The major problem is in the primer. Fulminated mercury is dangerous even in the best of conditions. They must start using non-mercuric priming. Fulminated mercury can detonate by dropping it.

In my first tour in Iraq someone went to throw a grenade and it blew up as soon the hammer released, they banned all grenades for months until the checked each one. Then they made us tape all the hammers down.

I was an ammo tech (2311) with 3/8 in the field and worked in the dump at Lejeune, sad tihs, they didn't spell Lejeune correct either. nikcuf college pogue. Semper Fi, MARINES

AND DRONES ARE OVERHEAD............?  SCARRED....):

Ban? Why would the writer use that word. Those shells are not banned. That lot has a stop use put on them for the investigation.

60MM mortars have been around since before WWII. Were these make in China?

"Pentagon Bans Mortar Round "...WRONG...Yahoo Reporting Stinks...they STOPED USING IT UNTIL THEY COMPLETE THE INVESTIGATION...Big Difference.The 60mm mortar unit in an infantry company is it's only embedded indirect fire weapon. When communications are cut off it's all they have. Traditionally Marines have been the bottom of the supply chain. I wonder if their rounds are 50 or so years old. That would explain a lot. I hope they work this problem out before it makes a detramental effect on the battlefield.

When I went to 81mm mortar school the instructors told us it wasn't possible for the round to go off until it was a certain distance out of the tube. The kill radius was 80 meters I believe.

Obama will want to include 60mm mortars in his gun-control legislation.  Oh wait, he wants to disarm the populace, and re-arm the DHS, military, and places like Syria.

We could outlaw 60mm mortar rounds, but then only outlaws would have 60mm mortar rounds.

Another misleading headline and sloppy reporting by AP.  Keep up the great work.

and that is why I stuck to being a rifleman.

Is that mortar ban just for Hawthorne or Afghanistan too?

If we dropped a cannon round while passing it in the navy, it would be considered unsafe to use, and we would roll it over the side, there being a special area made in the rails just for that purpose.

many of the mortars date from WW2, as long as they are properly stored they last close to 100 years but dont jiggle them too much cause they sometimes might have powder that is weak.Marines sometimes roll them on the ground because of there heavy weight, the recruit commanders usually  frown on this and makes them do pushups for punishment but the marines like doing pushups so its really no punishment. Regardless  when the staff seargent is not around they roll the mortars to the firing tube, there the largest marine is usually the one that has the honor to pick it up and drop in the tube and yells "fire in the hole" . This is the signal for the marines in the area to put there finger in there ears. The jiggling of the powder from rolling the mortar on the ground is what cause the premature overpressure incident.This kind of accident is not rare, being in the military is not safe as some of the liberals make it out to be, maybe they should join up. Now besides exploding mortars, hostile allies shooting them, they also have to watch there backsides from the homosexuals in the ranks. It was so much simpler in WW2.

really?60MM mortars have been around since before WWII and are a very safe weapon to use, it was not really armed until the shell was away from the tube, don't know about the new electronic fring mechanism. However I remember in Vietnam taking Soviet 82 mm shells and modifying them, a very simple process, so that they would explode in the tube when fired. We left these shells at NVA and VC bunkers and for them to use and of course the result was similar to what appears to have happened here. I am sure the investigation will check for this conditon, just in case that some terrorist modified one of the shells.

I love it, A marine corps official speaking on condition of anonymity because the official wasn't authorized to speak about an ongoing investigation.This is exactly what is wrong with our MILITARY.  The Marine Corps at this point should hang their head in shame.  Not because of the accident, but because one of their own has broken the code of Unit, Corps, God, Country.This man has chosen to violate rules and regulations and speak to the press.  The reporter should be addressed for the source and if the reporter fails to revel that source he or she should be jailed.  Once identified that individual should  be brought up on charges,.

Harry Reid on the Senate floor implies Marine accident was a result of the sequester. Must have gotten another anonymous tip.

Sad Sad day My Brothers, Semper Fi.Remember Murphy's 2nd Law, your weapon was made by the lowest bidding contractor!

We are in a dangerous business and when you are dealing with weapons that fire missiles, mortars, and any other explosives, something like this can happen. Heart goes to the families that will be affected and for the fallen Marines.

One thing we can be certain of - no liberals were killed or injured.

Very sad to hear. I feel for the families that had to find this out.

My prayers go out to the families of these Marines. I was in the Marine Corps 30 years ago and we spent a lot of time at 29 Palms in the California desert. The landscape was littered with unexploded ordnance. We would mark it and report it when we found it. I saw everything from 155mm artillery shells nosed into the ground to the fins of unexploded 60mm mortar rounds sticking out of the ground.

There's nothing safe about a mortar round.  Just a little bit safer on the sending end than the receiving end.

They should ban elective plunder wars.Obama and his 3 ring Circus will have our military practicing touch warfare,and praying with Muslim,s

I bet Feinstein is creaming in her panties.

Being a warrior is dangerous business and thank God we have people that will do this work for their country. If obumma could call for the flag at half mast for Whitney Houston, maybe now is an "appropriate" time.

They should open a MASH unit when they "exercise".

cutting corners from Boeing 787 to ammunition rounds. Life doesn't matter much compared to a few bucks.

the armaments manufacturers need to make as much profit as possible soi guess you can expect some errors to occure in manufacture everyonce in a whileBut realise that the money saved goes to a good cause ( corporate profits )

Gotta feelin someone dropped another one down before the prior popped !Rapid fire exercise gone BOOOOM!

I realize that most of your comments are supportive of our Marines, but please, as a Mother of a marine who is on the base right now, and a member of the Camp Lejeune family, don't make this political. This is a tradgedy and a shock to most. Many families have just suffered an unimaginable loss. If you feel the need to make negative jokes about this, call congress.

Hey, sit at home journalists, instead of printing what the defense department feeds you, how about investigating the manufacturer of this 60mm round?  Maybe check out the payroll for layoffs or perhaps change in material used in the manufacturing it, maybe perhaps check what the profit margin has been B4 and after changes have been made... Oh wait that requires real journalism.

RIP to our brave United States warriorsI've searched this site for the completely outragous comment by Harry Reid about this accident today.  Not found.  Yahoo, that is pathetic.For those who aren't aware, this clown said the accident was caused by the sequester.  Pathetic.  Does he really think the moment the sequester went into effect, funding was cut...or does he think Americans are stupid enough to believe that?

Is this one of those out-dated POS we teach our troops to use while we give the good stuff to our 'friends' the Saudis?

Once again Yahoo reports for effect instead of accuracy... Suspension is not a Ban

Give Eric Holder and Harry Reid a couple mortars to take home

It's a dangerous profession that's why Allan Simpson wants to cut their benefits.

We having things made in China now

It’s becoming more and more apparent that news stories are real designed to spark hilarious comments. Who writes this stuff, Disney?

Oh no. Our weapons are capable of destruction. Lets unilaterally disarm to protect ourselves from ourselves. It is the only logical course of action. That should make us feel much safer, just ask our enemies.

The Democrat Party is populated by tired old white men.  Just look at Harry Reid if you have any doubt.  He's about as tired and old (and stupid) as they get.

RIP Marines! Sadly it takes very public incidents like this just to wake up the Department of Defense Office of the Inspector General (DoDIG). Hopefully somebody in the media will do a little investigative reporting to find out if this accident could have been prevented but individuals in the Chain-Of-Command ignored the warnings! Additionally, if there are facts this accident could have been prevented the taxpayer can rest assured the DoDIG will use all OUR resources to cover it up! General Petraeus Adultery while on Active Duty anyone?So all the enemy  has to do to shut down all the motars of the US military worldwide is to infiltrate the marines with ONE guy who sabatages a motar. Wow, that's pretty efficient.

Accidents happen........

Probably a defect within the tube itself, heard of this happening before but it's rare. We put a lot more into making these things safe than we used to. May those Marines rest in peace.

The Pentagon did not BAN 60 mm mortar round, they SUSPENDED their use until an investigation is complete-----What is wrong with these Journalists?

Some of the writers are outsourced actually.

its something that most people dont know, but people in our military get hurt and killed all the time just training to go to war.  hard, hard job it is in the military, and we just lost 7 of them.

A very sad day indeed.....

where (country ) were they built ?

Oh great now  the Democrats will disarm the military

60mm is a giant round that would destroy my house- We need those weapons to kill the diaper heads we train kids to KILL not to be girly boysDouble feed is one of the ways it could go off in the tube. Maybe a cook off, that rate of fire in training is not done. 20yrs as a Mortar Men 4.2, 60mm, 81mm &amp; 120mm. It is sad to hear about Mortar Men being taken out by there weapon my condolences to all the family's.

We all know the risks we take. This incident is very sad though. Rest in Peace brothers.

Please tell me that these mortar rounds were not made in China.

60 mm mortars don't kill people. War doesn't kill people. People kill people. Get with the program.signed, NRA

hey folks there's no politics involved here so try to be grown up. Terry Ross has a good point in her comment. RON, 3/8 MARINES, 2nd MARINE Div., RIP MARINES, Tell Chesty HI...

I was a Mortarman with 2nd Battalion 3rd Marines.  Best guest for this incident is a stress fracture in the M224 mortar tube.  We had to check them constantly because of their age.  These mortars have been around since Vietnam.  They are old.  They receive a bore scope on a yearly schedule which determines the safety of firing the mortar.  If there was a failure in the round itself, I can't imagine what it would be.  The amount of pressure that happens inside the tube under the obturating (yes, its an actual word, it is a green band around the M888 mortar round and all others that expands to catch the pressure behind the round after the intial charge goes off, which propels the round out of the tube) band is insane.  We experienced a number of short rounds, which is a round that the initial charge failed to ignite succesfully or God forbid, the obturating band fell off an no one noticed, and landed VERY shy of its intended target.  Closest my squad ever came to eating our own round was about 40 meters, that was at PTA on the big island during training.  Suffice to say, being a mortarman is one of the most dangerous jobs in the Marine Corps, aside from being EOD or regular 0311.  Our #$%$ blows up in the pit, down range, everywhere.  May God Bless the fallen and their families.  This is sad and horrible, and hopefully they end up going to a safer mortar.  The 81mm could do far worse damage, and they haven't stopped their use yet.  Pray for our men and women in the military!

Why does the Pentagon still conduct desert warfare practice?  Aren't we in the process of pulling out from that szhit hole called Afghanistan?!

Very tragic, I pray for the families and Marine brothers of these men. I am actually surprised this hasn't happened before and with some frequency, especially with the 81mm mortars that the Marines use. We expect a lot of the Marines, when they have gone through their full training cycle, they may not be special ops but they are able to support those guys because they know what it takes to do that. The problem being as the smallest force, they have to scrap for every dollar they can, so they get neglected which makes no sense whatever. They are short of necessary gear at times and they use equipment that is old and worn out. As a shooter, why this never occured to me I don't know so it had to be explained to me. A gun barrel wears over time and becomes thinner as it is shot. Eventually, the accuracy starts to suffer enough that usually you know something's wrong; or in the case of my grandfather's old hunting rifle, the chamber wears enough that the cases split and blow powder residue and gasses back in my face; so you go to the gunsmith and he says you need a new barrel. Well, the mortar is essentially the same thing, and they can get to the point where barrel wear gets critical. Since they don't get the funding they need, they are probably using a lot of mortars that have shot out tubes but they can't get the replacements they need, so in order to have the mortar, they use ones with tubes that should be scrapped. We don't know here whether this is an ammunition problem or a mortar problem, but unless something changes, this won't be the last time this happens.

Will BHO call this workplace violence too?

Semper Fi.  RIP Devil Dogs."Renown hospital emergency physician..."Renown? Huh?This is an AP news story, for pete's sake! Only a reprint by Yahoo!Hey, you journalism degree flunkies...the word is RENOWNED.

This issue should not be public knowledge. Since when do we tell the enemy about our operational deficencies?

......loaded and shot everything....1873 breach-load Springfield....50 cal river boat double.....10 gauge double.....300 mag Weatherby.....54 cal muzzle loader....45.70 Gov't round lever-action....and, my favorite ( if you can handle it.)...M2 30 cal auto carbine......loved and handled them all....none have the potential failure rate of a 60mm mortar......

God hold these young men in your hands and  make their pain no more

I wonder if these guys were on their way to Afghanistan to relieve the others that guard the Poppy fields, that become heroin that the CIA ships to the USA in the caskets of dead Marines, to distribute to street gangs to sell. The money is then used to fund their Black Ops world-wide. Think it can't happen? Search for "Freeway Rickey Ross" a Los Angeles gang member and drug dealer who got his drugs from the CIA back in the 1980's.

Play with fire and you might get burnt.

My condolences to the families of those brave marines who died!  this is a damn waste of good marines!

during my training @bragg early 1970 using hand grenades, i was instructed to pull the pin and release the spoon and then throw  it. that spoon did nt go far. so i decided to be a joker. we had one guy walk right into a tail rotor of a ah-1g while i was tracking the mains. thats him all over. . i sure hope the devil like my jokes, you guys are a terrible crowd. goodnite america. acidents do happen, that was my fathers nickname for me"the accident"_ vietnam was a mistake too. just like it is today in these wars. charity begins at home_see you at the easter egg hunt.. flag drapped coffins. i ve seen many. no joke.

And Harry Reid is trying to make this political blaming the sequester! I'd like to know what lazy a.. Reid has done in 4 years let alone about the sequester or our budget! I can't think of 1 American that wouldn't want Reids job! You don't need to know anything because you don't do anything! He's a joke! Time for Nevada to get rid of this guy!

Hey if the Pentagon is going to throw them out there are a lot of patriotic citizens who will be glad to take them off their hands.Oh, no,not more of our precious babies lost. These wars just have to stop, I know they are the best of the best, but we want them home safe and warm not in body bags.

Probably user error or a defective round.

Wow! The government is so stupid that they are banning their OWN guns.

This headline is not accurate.  The lot the round came from was shelved, not 60mm mortar rounds in general.

I wonder if gunpowder residue will decrease the inside diameter of the tube after a large number of launches? Do they need to be cleaned periodically?

Chances are it was a over-stressed tube and it failed causing this tragedy.

Yet our snipers use a .50 caliber Have you ever seen what tat round does to a body hehehehe! There isn't enough meat left to eat

I am sorry to say this in response to such a tragic story, but... the surgeon is renown?!

Wonder how many billions of our tax dollars were spent on these defective weapons..

We can ban cars they kill more than guns and wars combined.Bush's fault

Obama tweets pictures afterwards of kids eating apples and Reid blames the Sequester. Proof that idiots can vote.

this is so typical of the leaders we have today.over 5,000 people died today in related auto accidents.Democrat rally to ban the automobile tomorrow

As a mortar man who spent a lot of time with the 4.2, the 81MM and the 60 MM.  I am not surprised that an accident like this can kill and hurt so many people.  I am surprised that the 60MM was the one that did it, It is quite a small round.

I guarantee you that the "findings" will initially be human error. Then after a 60 minutes investigation it'll be changed to "cause unknown"

Stupid communist pro gay liberal muslim Pentagon! You may take my 66 but you will have to pry my fire crackers from my numb fingerless hands!It's called a joke people! Lighten the F up!

now sen fienstien and the demorats will want to ban mortars!  need to make sure they don't kill anyone!!!!

made by Halliburton

Army needs Viagra

Kinda late to halt the training with live high explosive anti-personnel rounds isn't it?Has any US soldier died in actual defense of America since WWII? Where?

to the dead Semper Fi and rest in peace, to the living Semper Fi and get well soon and good luck to you all

Accidents happen are we going to ban ladders next for falls.

Stop fighting terrorists with this #$%$. Instead force the terrorists when captured to declare the country that sponsiors them or shoot off one toe at a time until they do. Then take out the leader of that sponsor country. Terrorism would come to a screeching halt if there were consequences to government officials. If we make a mistake. Oh, well. One less dictator. Let the U.N. Try to stop us.

it was an inside job.

When 75 year old Harry Reid enters HELL for eternity this will be another reason why, along with voter fraud and corrupt land deals with the Las Vegas casino mobs and union thugs!

's only a mater of time until the Obama Administration bans BB Guns and water guns.

And liberals never fail to disappoint with their vile, disgusting comments.  What sad, pathetic, ignorant, pieces of excrement.

Ban War

this seems a bit of an overeactionmisfires don't usually kill anybody, but they are not uncommon.  there is a misfire procedure all good mortartmen are familiar with, and there is an inherent risk anytime you attempt to launch explosives from a mortar system.there is no need for a ban on all mortar rounds81 mm.  mortarman2/7 USMCGet well wishes for 7 injured marines.

Just say and report what that Criminal Harry Reid said about it..IMPEACH and go after him!!!

hot tube, rim fired, Semper Fi, 1st BLT 6th Marines 2nd Marine Div. So young, rest in piece brother's at arm's...

Some Fat Cat that turned in the lowest bid was counting his cash while these poor souls were dying.

Good thing "O" is cutting money to the Military, now we can use hallow tubes and rocks, like the ones in "O's" head.

James, shame on you. Do you think you can resist bashing over a technicality? How about some compassion for those who died in the service if our country.

Bless them ,and their familys,the wounded and the dead.

R.I.P. Marines.

I was in the Engineers. I was around alot of c-4 etc. But don't know much about mortars,Do the mortar round have a timer on it, if it does, maybe it was set to short. Just wondering about that? My condolences to the family and units also..

Is this decision similar to closing the gate after the horse runs away?No worries, whomever sold us the faulty equipment I'm sure has an insurance company that will pay the families well for their loss.... No wait. probably not. Oh we pay for that too?

For the Obama administration and Harry Reid to blame this on Republicans is scary. OBAMA has also cut back on air traffic controllers and is waiting with glee for the first plane crash to blame on Republicans . He is pure evil!

Dirty Harry Reid blames mortar shell explosion on the sequester. Are you sure it wasn't because Mitt didn't pay his taxes? How low can you go Harry?

See, 2nd Amenders . . . the Pentagon does it.

8  more marines died for WHat ?  to keep the stock of military industrial complex in business and big profits for  GOP supporting corporations

Harry Reid is a disgusting piece of chit for trying to tie this tragedy to the sequester.He is about as disgusting as you can get..even by democrat low standards.

Ya know, there is a big difference between banning the use of something and temporarily halting the use of it pending an investigation.  Get it right, Yahoo!

suspending use of weapons is never a good idea.

exploded IN the tube = a very messy malfunction.reality would be those close in on the tube were likely blown to pieces.very difficult scene.

So sorry for the families, Of course this is (fill in the blanks) fault! So sad  if its not Afghanistan it's here on home soil they give their lives. Got a nephew in the Marines, served a year in Afghanistan . Now he's hears he maybe going back. Prayers for allThey didn't BAN 60mm mortars.... they temporarily halted live fire exercises.

"We honor the eight brave Marines who gave their lives to their country," Stroud said. "When the call of the country was heard, these eight young Marines answered." - what complete rubbish. Now they're all heroes - just because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Reserve your hero worship for the guys on the front lines.

Another disaster in Harry Reid's state is nothing new

Please send a 60mm tube to Herr Feinstein so she can ram it up that dried out, barren gash!

cant build a good brick wall along the rio grand without mortar.

We need to stop buying mortar shells from China.  Unless they are supplied by some of BOBO's brotherhood buddies.

I'm always reminded of the 242 Marines Reagan sent to Lebanon. We still don't know what the Commander-in-Chief had in mind with that fiasco, or what it was they died for. Reagan should have been impeached &amp; forced to defend and explain himself. But no, he was busy with Iran-Contra.

Does that mean I have to give mine back.  I was planning on using it to protect my property or maybe go hunting with it.

Were these defective items "made in china". Sounds like its due to poor engiineering.

Awww our government loves us sooooooo   much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the only weapons that Obama gets off on are Drones , all others are to be banned.

Wonder if they dropped the motor into the tube backwards.

Here are just a few comments from our liberal friends.  They never miss an opportunity to show what #$%$ they are:Stupid baby killers got what they deserved..God is great.So now even the US military does not respect the 2nd Amend. What a pathetic sissified joke Amerioca has become under Obama.oh well, weeding out the gene pool is never a bad thing.. bye bye 80 iq losers at least we don't have to pay for your mentally deficient children.idiots.,all.of.themThe GOP is just happy that they have 8 less veteran benefits to worry about down the road.I applaud the Pentagon -- our troops will never have the privilege of dying for Israel if they never make it alive out of training in America. God bless!How many marines does it take to have an IQ of 100? It takes 100 of them. Jarheads aren't noted for being smart. There is no need to ban a good weapon because some cannon fodder can't figure out how to use it. Dying is the purpose of marines in the first place.Karma?Is it 4th of July yet? I heard fire works and light ups.good not more marines jaja,,,,,,,,&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Liberals never miss an opportunity to show what vile, disgusting pieces of #$%$ they are.

Next, we won't send our troops into combat any more because it isn't "safe."

great, now there's gonna be a mortar ban!  way to infringe on the 2nd amendment!!

Why is anyone training with live ammo.  Just like training the afghans, with live ammo, and then they turn and shoot at the US trainers.

BUT HARRY REID JUST SAID THAT THE SEQUESTER CAUSED THIS!!!  He wouldn't lie to us would he?  He wouldn't try to politicize this tragedy would he?  But he did didn't he?  All soldiers and servicemen, past, present, and future should never be politicized.  This was a tragedy that happened to exceptional men who put everything on the line for their country... not for #$%$ politicians.  I'm fed up with servicemen being taken for granted, disrespected, and outright abused by the gov't and slimy politicians.  Right or wrong, the men and women willing to live and die for their country deserve better.

since when did "ban" and "halt" mean the same thing?

Government Intelligence . . . . yeah right !  They could screw up a wet dream...

GOP Congress should'nt of given those mortar contracts to Karzai and his buddies the TalibanGOP Congress should'nt of given those mortar contracts to Karzai and his buddies the Taliban

We Nevadans once again have to apologize for our piece of filth senior senator who shows no shame when it comes to politics.  The man is beside himself because government spending was cut 2.5% and the people are not rallying up demanding that republicans be removed from office for daring to cut government spending.While I would never wish anyone ill will I hope Harry is comforted by the fact that Hugo Chavez is keeping a seat at the table in hell reserved for those in government who are determined to destroy the lives of hard working people; forcing government dependency upon all of us.

For the OBAMA and administration and Harry Reid, a 75 year old man whose just a few heartbeats from hell, to blame this on Republicans shows how corrupt they are. ME-CHELLE just had an expensive birthday party and their 14 year took some friends and Air Force One for dessert in New York at the cost of millions!

That's sad news to read about the marines who lost their lives.  Most likely they will find that the particular batch of mortars had defective fuses that didn't have the correct delays for their explosive component.

God hold them close.

Ban all "assault" Mortars!

We need to ban whoever wrote this article

R.I.P. Marines...

i know what's the problem... someone cut some corners and bought MADE in CHINA mortar rounds

60mm mortar shells save lives.Unfortunately I was correct in my comment this morning it was a tube blast.

Quote "could concussively detonate any mortars stored nearby in a phenomenon known as "sympathetic detonation." Or as in the USA  Semper Fi Decimation !

A VETERAN -- whether active duty, discharged, retired, or reserve -- is someone who, at one point in their life, wrote a BLANK check made payable to 'THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,' for an amount of 'up to and including there LIFE'  .....to ALL men and woman who serve, SEMPER FI, for we are always FAITHFUL...RON....UNITED STATES MARINE

Its incrediably sad when something like this happens, but it's a part of the game. Hopefully those Marines or any military person, and their families get the same consideration that any soldier gets who's killed in battle, cause that's what it is even it happens here......

all of you should drop whatever or wheever your doing and go down and get your skull inspected for hair-line cracks. thats an order !! and no pushing__i was here 1st. there are worse ways to go.

Reading many of the remarks I wonder how many of these commenters are Muslim?  Pray for these soldier's souls.

Leave it up to Reid and his idiout minions not to let a tragedy go to waste. Those Dem's have sunk to a new all time low.

The GOP is just happy that they have 8 less veteran benefits to worry about down the road.

Wait a minute. 60mm mortar rounds don't kill people. People kill people. How dare they ban an armament. Where are the second amendment freaks? Come on, where are you? Send in the clowns for Christ's sake before they take all our rights away!

They're banning 60mm mortar rounds? What's next? Assault rifles? We've got to stop this banning of weapons nonsense immediately before it's too late!!Pentagon should stop destroying the environment and life on this planet

Check out the YouTube video where Harry Reid blames this tragedy on the sequester. Prick.

if you died in a useless war that was started based on liesdo you still get to go to heaven?

Buy them from the Palestinians they have perfected Cheap Ordinance

Tell this to Michelle Obama.  The only part of the American Government that I am proud of after the re-election of her socialist husband is our Military. God Bless them, everyone.

I guess this means they will ban nuclear bombs when one of our own suicidal men sets one off in the silo and kills a few million of his closest Amerikans.  Rendering all crops downwind inedible for a year, ending the insurance myth, socialist security, mediscare, the stock market, the bond and of course that debt instrument with the words "In God We Trust" written on the side.  The evacuation of a few hundred million to escape the cancer risk from the low level radiation cloud will be met with Amerikan tanks.  Come on people.  They'll be shooting radioactive Americans trying to hop the wall to Mexico.  Besides.  You can't leave all those elderly in nursing homes behind and all that property to be looted.  And all those high temperature processes and nuclear power plants and hospitals.  No you better stay.  Don't make me fire off this tank round.  The radiation won't be that bad.  We'll take good care of you and monitor you closely afterwards for signs of tumors.  Those downwind must be separated from those upwind I'm afraid. It's for your own good.  Now, we need to steal some more retirement money.  There are a lot of poor left to kill in foreign lands.  And we do fear foreigners.To the party!  Whether you are a republican communist or a democratic communist!  Long live the party!  Forget about the country comrade!  You voted for communism!  Party line all the way.  Love the way you tax corporations and not employees!  Genius.  Makes the people think they are actually writing a check to government and you get to enslave the corporations who can't vote so they are forced to buy influence with #$%$ and trips to foreign lands.  Yippee!  Lenin never had it this good!

What? Firing Mortars at night????The hell is wrong with the Marine Corps?Even the bad guys know that firing a mortar at night is suicide.

now that the marines don't want them we can sure use them at our gun shop.  we have so many empty shelves.

they must have gotten them from china :(

Once again liberals take every opportunity to showcase what vile, disgusting pieces of human waste they really are.C'mon libtards let it out...show your true colors.Moral of story. Play with explosives and you might be exploded.

Semper Fidelis to the fallen. Harry Reid is a collossal Douch(e)bag for making their passing political.

Did we buy the explosive, from china or walmart.....

Well if Americans would get control of their federal entity BACK from the globalists that control both parties (intense damage of a specific type was done during the fascist war mongering, war profiteer GW administration, and leftist obama, who is controlled by the SAME PEOPLE hasn't stopped anything bush did) then we wouldn't have our boys die for nothing like this.  No nation has ever really attacked the USA.  Think about that.  However the globalists are trying their best to get Russia to finally pull the trigger with their massive arsenal of NEW icbms.

My dad fired 110m howitzers and shoulder bazooka's all the time in korea and they never had these kinds of problems..Whats going on at the Pentagon that we can't keep our boys safe with our own weapons??

GOD BLESS AMERICAN SOLDIERS &amp; VETERANS.i bless al qaeda and democrats who support islam.

doctor strangelove never worried about the bomb__he was in love.

i have several very nice writing utensils. ink pens. veterans of foreign wars of the united states.made where? thats a question you idiot !china. aint life grand. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;i saw a rear  bumper sticker on a van the utter day parked at the VA hospital, funny stuff__it read__"&lt;-----passing side, ----------&gt; suicide." you had to be there. funny stuff.

There's progress, now how do we ban Harry Reid?

"Pentagon bans 60 mm mortar round after deaths"Pentagon temporarily suspends use of 60mm mortar rounds responsible for accidental  deaths at Hawthorne Army Depot, pending investigation.I'm guessing the second title would have been too wordy and too descriptive.More Americans will die from illegal drunk drivers than 60 mm MortarsJust as soon as Democrats issue them drivers licenses

"...an explosion at the point of firing in a training exercise could kill or maim anyone ...."  absolutely profound.  Weapons kill people.

Has the Pentagon run this ban past the NRA and Wayne LaPierre?

If this kind of things happens with a simple mortar shell imagine what will happen with a nuke

Typical moronic journalist bending the facts.

How about just halt the wars and the occupation of 130 countries you sicko out of control empire.

CHANGE THE HEAD LINE.  It is misleading.  They only suspended it's use, as it is obvious in the third sentence of this article.  I am really starting to hate the media.

this military should be investigated...now

possibly a sleeping cell terrorist hiding in plain site among the trainees? this sort of thing  occurs regularly in Arab countries especially in units where non-Muslims recruits are training... they get killed by blast, machine guns, or mortar shells. It is intentional and always portrayed as accidental. My condolences to the families.

I was a mortar man in Viet Nam, and have fired thousands of mortar rounds. I`ve neverheard of a round exploding IN the chamber... short rounds, duds, and cookoffs, yea___but exploding inside the tube__ No !  Still, it could happen as obviously did. The problemwith the 60mm mortar is that its a trigger fired weapon unlike the 81mm or 4.2" which aredrop fired.  If the round was placed inside the tube after being heavily fired, the heat generated is certainly enough to cookoff a round or cause it to possibly explode... Mortarman know this and in Viet Nam we threw water on the tube to keep it cool. If it was hot,we wouldn`t put a round in it unless we were going to fire it right away...The 60mm mortar is a crew served weapon used by 2-3 man crews of infantry personnel.My question is why were so many Marines injured?  15, of which 8 were killed.  Way too many Marines around a tube that was obviously Hot !!!Semper Fi Marines, and my heart-felt condolences.yes yes ban the 60 mm morter rounds  we like the 80 mm rounds much more

The authors may have misused the word by saying that the mortar rounds were "banned" which they later changed to "moratorium," but at least they were correct in capitalizing the word, "Marines."Semper Fi, Marines.  RIP.

This is really sad and my heart goes out to their family and friends. As a Vietnam veteran myself, I'm sure many of these Marines were young and preparing for their first deployment overseas. I just hope we don't find out that we are buying these mortar rounds from China.

when I served in Vietnam, theSouth Vietnamese army were the only ones that used the 60mm mortar. We used the 82mm mortar.

How is it possible to blow off a round inside mortar? It's not a dynamite. Only reason it could happen if some marine wasn't paying attention and loaded a mortar shell into the tube that already had one inside it.

God bless the Marines and all those who serve this country!

If I had to spend any length of time in Hawthorne I'd pray I got blown up by a mortar. Eff that place!

Any of you gun whacks wanna get into the 60mm mortar business...go for it.

The mortar round exploding in the tube was a "cook off" Perhaps but t why was a 60mm  mortar being used used anyway those things were dangerous and is point detonated, shucksif  you remove the bore riding safety ring and bumped the bottom of the tail assembly can behurled in tight situations as a grenade I remember that the range was 300yards with effectivekilling radius of 25 yards  on target of. Question? Why do they have 60 meter mortars whenthere are  81s&amp; 4.2s. . The rounds or round were probably unstable remembere that weaponis over 50 years old and was last used by small company sized infantry units in Korea. Whatare we doing issuing these valliant obsolete weapons  and training with them.Iremember theprocedure for removing a round when it did not come out of the tube, What was going andwhere the mortar crew was.Our forces deserve better, the commanders head should roll.What the Hey are the issuing M1 Garands, M1and M2 carbines what about the BAR,or M14,

RIP to the marinesalsoI think it was motor shellRIP to the marinesalsoI think it was motor shell

I didn't sign up for sgli (service group life insurance)tilI was rollin out...... hope these guys had it...20 $ buy you 500, 000 $

Boy oh boy...it's always something...

What a tragedy.

My Dad who would have turned nintety-three (93) today was a platoon leader in World War II, landed on Normandy, thankfully on Utah and not Omaha, on June 6, 1944, but he was a mortar leader and I served in Vietnam from August 1971 untill May 1972 and we never had any mortar problems except for the ones fired at us.  This is most likely a terrible and unlikely accident but don't blame it on the mortars or their shells.  Send that weird looking (ears, eyes and voice) arrogant shrub to investigate, he is responsible for so many deaths and so much treasure wasted, that is one person we could do away with.

It's a good thing the 60mm mortar round manufacturers are not represented by the NRA or this incident would result in every military base being required to double their 60mm mortar round capacity immediately.

I thought they were already banned because I tried to buy some the other day and I was told it was illegal.

Pentagon can't do that, that would violate the 2nd amendment!  Everybody should have access to 60 MM mortars.

mortar fodder

jarheads load shell fuse firstMy 2nd Amendment Rights say I should be able to own one of these too.

As an ex-mortarman, I have to say that I'm totally baffled as to what could have caused the round to explode in the tube. This is basically unheard of. Misfires occur all of the time, but a round exploding in the tube itself is a malfunction that just appears to be impossible. The only way I can imagine this happening is if someone shot a bullet into the tube with a round in it or someone dropped a round on top of a round that was in the tube and that somehow caused the lodged round to detonate. Both are highly improbable, but something went terribly  wrong.

So whats new in this useless money wasting military

Its a sad day for all that wear or have worn the uniform and their families.  Rest in peace Marines.

Were they made in China?  By the lowest bidder?

Ban ban ban--- all the media can think about is banning something,halting , is what they are doing, -- what needs banning is idiots news reporting and lies that they spread, what happend to the truth in reporting ? It must be easier to just make it up as you go along huh ? They dont even check out their stories before releasing them anymore or is it the powers that be make you change them and they do the editing before the release ?!? Either way there is very little most read or hear nowadays that the public can belive without checking it out themselves.-- and thats the truth.

This was a tragic accident. Senator Reid should beat to death with stupid stick for politicizing this blaming budget cuts. Republicans were accused for politicizing what happened at Bengazi  when Obama was AWOL for 7 hrs. as Commander in Chief.

They want to band GUNS, MORTAR ROUNDS, TANKS,  ETC....WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO.... THROW SPITBALLS  ???

sad

Good luck and god bless. Thank god it wasn't WP. From a former 11caccording to the idiot reid, this all happened because of the sequester. where's the yahoo article about the idiot reid saying this?

Any one have 1st hand knowledge were the Army gets this ammunition ? By 1 st hand I am asking do you know for a fact ! If you don't plz don't give a onion or guess . thank you

Darn, there goes the new 20MM sniper rifle.

it seems the DOD is surprised that a mortar shell can kill.

Good U.S made weapon..................Enjoy..............

Our weapons are made by the lowest bidder. These poor fellows aren't the first to get clobbered by a heavy weapon blowing apart on use. Sorry they died, what a waste.

Guns don't kill people. Bad people with guns kill people.

Comedy gold!

How many islamists are involved in the construction of the mortar rounds?

I think this is wrong,They should hand these out in Detroit, Chicago and LA.Would cure about 50 % of this countries money suckers.Probably made in China like everything else..... How to win a war without fighting one by simply providing defective parts and products to your potential enemies...

My grandfather survived. My father surved. I survived. I hope my son survives.

Marines; Oorah.

I was in from 02-06, There were stress or fracture cracks on our 81mm mortars that were stamped in 1964. How old were the 60's being fired and when were they scoped last?

So now even the US military does not respect the 2nd Amend. What a pathetic sissified joke Amerioca has become under Obama.

Man, I didn't think a 60mm round could do that much damage.  Sad.

{How strange for a people withdrawing their active armed forces from Afghanistan by 2014}.}: ...The rescue was complicated by the remoteness of the site, which is favored because the harsh geography simulates conditions in Afghanistan.  ..."Basically, it's still a pipe and it's got a firing pin at the bottom," Trevithick said. Still, a number of things could go wrong, such as a fuse malfunction, a problem with the barrel's assembly, or a round prematurely detonating inside the tube, he said.The Marine Corps official said an explosion at the point of firing in a training exercise could kill or maim anyone in or near the protective mortar pit and could concussively detonate any mortars stored nearby in a phenomenon known as "sympathetic detonation." ...The official said it would be normal to warn other U.S. military branches that use 60 mm mortars, such as the Army, about the Marines warning. The moratorium could last for weeks or months. ...The investigation will focus on whether the Marines followed procedures to properly fire the weapon, or whether there was a malfunction in the firing device or in the explosive mortar shell itself, the official said.  ...[Piped dreams..piece pipe]

I'm curious about the age and stability of the rounds they were using. When I went on station (CVA-61) in 1970 as an aviation ordnanceman in the Navy we were building up and loading 500 pound bombs that were surplus from WWII!! When we went on training exercises at El Centro  NAS, there were bombs in some of the bunkers that were laying in areas with crystalized TNT that had liquefied and run out past the fuse seals. We had to carefully remove the bombs and take brass spatulas and recover the explosive into plastic buckets. It was encouraging that they had fire trucks with foam and a number of ambulances standing-by out of range. I was so proud to be serving my country. I just didn't want it to be on a morgue table.

Low bid is no way to equip our troops.

'Accidents' happen when there is a careless Nee gra in your platoon.Manufactured outrage / news for the 24 hour media to cycle and continue to keep the general public's eye off the ball.

I would LOVE TO KNOW, where these Mortars are being MADE??????

Journalist sure like to sling (ban) around these days even when it is inappropriate. I would like to (ban) all journalist who have a political preference when reporting on tragic news.

If there's any contractor negligence involved..jail time and flogging are in order.

Probably a Muslim or some Islamic weirdo involved in bhusseino's politically correct world that says their is no war of terrorism that worked somewhere along the manufacture of these rounds so they could sabatoge one and now we have paid the price unfortunately, but bhusseino will not concede that fact, just say it was a nut and not a war of terrorism.  Tell that to the dead and wounded.  bhusseino, following neville chamberlain, as a great appeaser, peace in our time, does bhusseino wave a piece of paper around also, while proclaiming their is no war.

Ban Everything.

Here's the thing. I don't give a tuppenny #$%$ about your moral conundrum, you meat-headed #$%$-sack. That's more or less the thing. And I want you to go out there... You, nobody else. None of your little minions. I want you to go out there. And I want you to punish the person who's responsible for murdering this poor little rabbit. Is that understood?

How about we support the troops by NOT supporting wars or violence? This all can stop with us.

Mortarmann for hire. Never had a problem with the old 81 and 4 Deuce. The weapons are for war not play and it cannot all be perfect.

RIP its horrible these people die and are maimed in politicians wars, its worse when they do it in their on country because of faulty equipment and munitionsImpeach Reid!

The U.S. Military-Intelligence-Industrial Complex causing more innocent deaths at the taxpayer's expense.

So, if a firearm or military weapon kills Americans then it should be banned immediately. Wow.

Could have been the tube or could have been the round itself.

New credo for Harry Reid "There's no reason for them to use anything bigger than 50mm. Let's make a law." To which Biden responds "a shotgun shot in the air will do the trick"

Ban war!

All wars were and are fought with the Generals determining before hand what our casualities will be.  They knew at Gettsburg, they knew at Normandy, and they knew in vietnam how many of our boys would be slaughtered.  War, Armies, and weapons define what is unsafe.  It's the nature of the beast.   Send your son to the Middle East and quickly find out how deadly just a homemade IED is.  Imagine the destructive killing power of a mortar. Train our troops to be in the Peace Corp.  God bless and save them from the Generals.

Dear Lord God....I approach your throne on behalf of these 8 marines who left our plane of life today and in the name of Jesus ask for your forgiveness for any of our sins of commission or omission and Father I ask you to embrace these wonderful young men in your precious Holy arms and welcome them, blessing their loved ones here who grieve their loss.  And Heavenly Father I ask you grant increased knowledge to those who will investigate and search for the cause of this terrible event and you cause measures to be taken to prevent any such problems for our young ones in the future, that You will bless our servicemen and women with renewed strength and vigor to the high calling of being our protectors in action.  Heavenly Father, I request you guide their steps, minds and goals and bring this situation into perfect reconciliation, that you go before and make the way clear for them, you protect them with your mighty hand and grant pure and perfect victory.  In love I ask andThank you Father.

hooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

So where were these mortar rounds built, China?Those rounds are massively powerful at close range, 30+ meter kill radius. Ordinance should have caught this round before it was shipped, or the impact fuse was hit by something. It said it blew up in the tube, so either it was a bad timer, or the impact fuse was hit, depends on the round type.Poor guys, didn't even get to fight.

I thought causing deaths was the entire point of using a mortar....

so are they going to inspect thousands of rounds..?. how do you do that..

Ban Big Militaries

I know what's the culprit, those mortar rounds are made in China.

BANNED THEM? At first I thought this was a JOKE headline.#$%$? Ban Cars, Ban Knives, Ban Fists. Bad things happen. You can't BAN everything in the freaking world and make it go away.

well, that's several state-sponsored sociopathic stooges that won't be going to some foreign country and murdering people they have no real quarrel with. pass those things around, let's see how many more stooges can be neutralized.

i sustained a direct hit from a 60mm motar it killed me but some how i came back,,,,,,,,,,,broken arrow,i lost both arms both legs one eye,and my head was blown off

Why can't they halt assault weapons until they are found to not harm innocent people?

The mortar was  probably made in  Chinait's Bush's fault!

Hoisted by their own petard.

60 mm are awesome .. whut you thinkin

the report failed to point out it could have been operator mistake, i.e double rounding by mistake, its happened quite a few times before, but from amount of injuries it could have been premature detonation as round had just left the tube, cos thats a lot of folk injured by what is considered quite a small round.

If it's a design flaw, I'm suprised that it's only showing up now after it's already been in service for so long.

Why doesn´t the Northamerican people stop that insane militarism, it´s killing their young men and women, and for what? Patriotism? Come on, that sounds like 1812 Napoleon or Hannibal, Hitler, Stalin and his "patriotic war", come on!!!

assault rifles and mortars kill people

I think the word they were looking for is suspension. Ban is a totally different horse.

They didn't ban these, they halted use until the investigation was over.

I guess we are going back to throwing stones.bbb

What?  60 mm mortar rounds don't kill people.  I should be able to buy some in case I need to defend my country from some mythical attack by some other country too stupid to realize who we are.  What a couple of completely ridiculous statements propagated by the NRA and the Religious White.

More deaths. Between drunk driving, suicides, plane or copter crashes and then stuff like this, they lose more  than we lost in battle. I think they should all be building bridges and roads and that would be useful as opposed to blowing stuff up all the time.

Fighting and dying for a country that is rotting from the inside out. Tragic.

poor soldiers... now they won't ever get to blow other people up... what a sad day for fascist America

But it is my second amendment right. They should be available in WalMart.

NRA claims violation of their rights because they are not allowed to buy mortars at every gun shop.

What the hell? We have ammo that kills people? That, my friends, is not what ammo is for. We need John McCain and John Kerry to look into this.

Thats the price for Freedom..you sheeps..wake up from obumas bed..

It's kind of ironic actually.You train for an immoral war and you get killed doing it. No sympathy given for you warmongers.

...as per republican ethos: profits first.............all..........else............last...

What they were fornicating in the field and it got out of hand.  That's what you get when you have a gay military.

Can the dead men's families sue the Marines?

jarheads can't figure out how to use the simplest of weapons

The GOP will use any reason to attack Sen. Reid, even using the deaths of our military, in an attempt to score political points. A little ashamed maybe ! Probably not.

...republican deregulation.....

Wonders if they neglected to swab the bore causing the hang-up... That or fuse immediately initiated the explosive because it was faulty. I've seen a few misfires but not this. It's possible another round was in the tube and it was on safe or trigger fire when they sent a second one. Either way, what a helluva way to go. Rest easy young warriors..

So it is not a ban... It is a suspense. You media people are friggin #$%$.

Sorry about the death of the Marines today, but a reporter on our local radio station was reporting that the Marines were killed when their 16mm mortar exploded.  Hum, 16mm mortar? Okay, I think the G.I. Joe I had in 1967 may have used a 16mm mortar, but I don't think the Marines would find a 16mm mortar particularly effective.Sorry about the death of the Marines today, but a reporter on our local radio station was reporting that the Marines were killed when their 16mm mortar exploded.  Hum, 16mm mortar? Okay, I think the G.I. Joe I had in 1967 may have used a 16mm mortar, but I don't think the Marines would find a 16mm mortar particularly effective.

What the Phk are they doing?!  Mountain warfare training?!... HELLO!!..... There is no military threat to the United States especially from in mountains overseas. What the phk are they doing?! Jeeezus!

Muscles Are Required Intelligence Not Essential...u can fire a 60 with a team of 1-2

This is what happens when the Federal govt cuts defense spending and closes bases, takes the cheapest bids on projects, and generally runs our military into the ground.Is it normal to halt the use of ALL ammunition if one round of the type misfires? Or is there a reason the entire supply is suspect?

There could only be two possible reasons for this tragic accident to happen, human error or hardware malfunction.

now just ban the ar 15s    to regular   citizens

Let's give all our unused 60mm mortals to N.Korea.

Extremes do not work!

Good idea. Use safe weapons so no one gets killed.

Are you kidding me, the weapon did just what its been designed to do, kill people.Made in China?

Wow. hahahahahahahahahahah  this is great. The USA killing its own fodder for wars to come.  Sign up boys, sign up and die.

just like the government to investigate safety after the fact.

I applaud the Pentagon -- our troops will never have the privilege of dying for Israel if they never make it alive out of training in America.  God bless!

I would think "accidents" like this should be confidential.

Politicians are all morons...school shooting, ban guns. Mortar explodes, ban mortars, financial crisis, borrow more money......

Made in china

Unfortunate and tragic incident...we should stop upgrading Israels equipment and work on our own stockpile

the gun did it- all by itself; keep the mortar, ban the gun, sue the NRA, and pass out candy to all our enemies, then they will all like us.

Idiots.  This is why marines can't peace keep well.  They aren't smart.How interesting.  Sounds kind of like improper handling of explosive material to me.  Gee, I wonder how that possibly could have happened??

Terrorism maybe?   one of their own was an insider hell bent on destroying lives in the name of allah, if it was so the media will never tell it

The NRA Will Be Protesting The Ban.

stupid pentagram... i dont want satan to take away my guns

Hows that Afghani conflict thingy going for ya?!

The military sounds exactly like the oilfield lets cover our #$%$ and blame faulty equipment not the dummies in charge at the top.

the only thing needs to banned is pentagon. that god forsakenplace needs to be demolished.....

Do we have on hand a short cut in the manufacturing of these devices,  something tells me this is the case as cooperate America gets greedy all the time, short cut #$%$ for big money, the investigation should start at the arms and ammo manufacturer who supplied these rounds. " something in the kettle besides the fish" if there was a fault in the manufacturing of of such the entire executive of this company should be put in jail until a final determination, because they will damn well flee the country

Yes, they answered the call. But more and more Americans need to ask themselves, "a call to what". Folks in DC and Wall St. these days will just make up some reasons if they think it might be profitable. The Vietnam War is not yet paid for... nor are any of the others...

so sad... those young men had such bright futures as terroriststhey would still be alive if this country wasn't so war hungry

Hope the NRA does not say they are infrigning on the militarys second admendment rights

I thought mortars were supposed to kill people.

"Albert..you truly are an ignorant piece of chit...so typical for libtards.Please let me know where I got that comment from/You forgot to mention I watch faux news...Mr. original thinker. You clowns are so #$%$ predictable...it's hilarious. You're just whining because what I said was the truth and if you weren't such an idiot and bothered to read the comments from your fellow leftards....it would be obvious to even a dumbphuck like you."  (Agent X)Uhhhhhhhh... watch out, the Republitard's all 'wound up' and spitin' mad now - just the lock step, little wind up marching toy clown he is! Boy, I'm sure glad I'm out of pistol range! Settle down, boy... relax with a little Rush and reload some ammo. It'll make y'all feel better. 'MURIKA!!!

Banned?

lethal weapons even in its own tube should actually be band.

How many marines does it take to have an IQ of 100? It takes 100 of them. Jarheads aren't noted for being smart. There is no need to ban a good weapon because some cannon fodder can't figure out how to use it. Dying is the purpose of marines in the first place.

What?! They are going to ban 60mm motar rounds!  Is Fienstien or Bloomberg behind this one?

Room, why are you dwelling on this? Aren't the people who were worthy of your focus?

and now the Government will DENY ALL DISABILITY BENEFITS and order all injured and dead SOLDIERS to get off their #$%$ and GET BACK TO WORK!The NRA Is Pushing For Personal Rapid Fire 200 Round Mortars.  They Say It's In The Constitution to Fight The USA With Their Militia.  That's Their Interpretation of the 2nd.   The NRA Is Anti-American And Wanst Everyone Armed To Destroy It.

ALL weapons are unsafe.  That's the primary purpose of a weapon.   A soldier is a weapon.  He is unsafe.   We have troops in 80 nations.  They are all unsafe.   We spend more money on the military than all the rest of the countries of the world combined.  We have enough nukes to vaporize the world ten times over.  We are unsafe.   Brazil will soon be the third largest economic power in the world.  They have no army.   We are hated, broke, and have a population that wants automatic rifles in their bedrooms.   Enuf!

Why join the military when they lie to the souldiers

60 mm mortars were sold to the US Military by the NRA, another terrorist organization.

Bottom Line is that Racist White People in our military ranks do STUPID THINGS!KKK, NRA, Militias, Minutemen &amp; NSM....GET OUT! WHAT A MESS!Joel's Army will you apologize &amp; send letters 2 the victim families?!

Somewhere on the books they must be legal for civilians.

Soon you'll be able to go to any NRA owned white-trash state and buy all the mortars you want.  The mortar manuafcturers will be giving the NRA enough money to buy all the politicians to agree that the 2nd gives citizens the right to have mortars that are necessary for the NRA Militia as defined in that 2nd to fight the tyranical USA....   making the NRA the most Anti-Amrerican organization in the USA.   The Taliban are sane compared to the NRA and its members.

wouldn't it be great to put one up michelle's butt

Better Marines than Army Soldiers :)

No disrespect but if they were training with drones they wouldn't have died.  But we Americans are against drones apparently.The NRA will not stand for any mortar round to be banned. Hasn't our military read the 2nd Amendment !

Well, at least they died at home. There was not need to pay for air fares to bring them back from the other side of the planet...!!! Big taxpayers saving !!

hey they should ban my a---n----a----l sphincter as it at this very moment is on the very verge of expelling gaseous vapors into the air here listen: ppppppppffffffffrrrrrtttttttttt AHHHHHH see i told you !!!!!!!

It´s funny the way people revere and worship the military - look at Chavez legacy, he bought an enormous arsenal, the North Koreans and their ridiculous goose stepping troops on parade, the Hitler´s Wermacht, the French Army of Napoleon, the Spanish militia of 1936, what´s so enchanting about drum drills, parades showing off those stupid helmets, tanks, humvees, cannons, missiles, wow! Man has turned more evil aND DESTRUCTIVE DAY BY DAY!

I shot a Daisy spring loaded bb pistol...a daisy lever action bb rifle...a Crossman pump action pellat gun...a Crossman co2 M1 pellat carbine...two Mattel wrist rockets...a sling shot...an over and under "super blaster" extra capacity Hasbro water rifle...and a wad of gum through a straw at my sixth grade teacher. I bet people could care less about what you shot,  "Sleepwalkin"

One accident and a few deaths and they ban mortars....hundreds of thousands of American kids killed by Gun Nuts over the last few decades and the bought-off GOP politicians do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.Hmmmmmmm.

Dont wana be an amerikan IDIOT !

8 less Amerikans, cool

idiots.,all.of.them