Her  boyfriend better run for the hills, the crazy is strong within this one.

Green Rebel:  Look around and see what's happening in our country - that's why.

Sad that it's the kids who always pay for the antics of the goofy parents.

Fake abduction = real jail !

It always worked in the Movies she watches.

For whatever her reasons were I feel so sorry for the little girl. She's the one who is going to suffer.

A lot missing out of this story.

Sounds like she wanted to be with her ex and was afraid to tell her boyfriend.   That's messed up.

Nut case for sure

The biggest question is "why would she do this?"  And of course we are in the age of useless journalism.

I read this article several times looking for missing puzzle pieces that would lead a prudent man to believe that there was an abduction but it's not there.  Either this is really shoddy reporting or a mountain has been made from a mole hill.  Hey Yahoo!  Who the hell are you using for your stories?  This isn't even close to journalism.Next time you want to leave your current boyfriend and return to the abusive one, just tell your current boyfriend 'good-bye'.

"Through investigation police learned she fabricated the (abduction) story,"WHAT abduction story?  This article never said anything about an abduction.  It does say, "Authorities believed Koechner and Zoee were with her ex-husband ...", but doesn't say why.  What happened to journalism?  It died 30 years ago.

Looks to me like she didn't want her BF to know she was still giving it up to the ex and made up a story.

Hmmmm, she sure likes to play around with her boyfriend a lot. I'll bet he is a nevous wreck by now with all her #$%$ games.

Amazing what passes for journalism these days.  This story is so full of holes, how did it float across an editors desk?

My ex used to fake allot of stuff too....

Outstanding forgery warrant, history of domestic violence.... Why do chicks hook up with these zeros?

Another media hound, looking for attention. Or just plain crazy.

It seems she figured she could have her cake and eat it too

It should be a federal felony to fake an abduction. The time and resources spent on these inconsiderate and entitled brats are wasted. Throw her in the basement.This woman will probably do time for this act but Casey Anthony is free as a bird

A note to all the Rachael Koechners and Devon Sandners of the world...just because you CAN have children, does not mean you SHOULD have children

I've had it with attention wh*res

As long as baby girl is safe that all I care about.But mama you gots lots o splanin to do. Was a boring day was it?

10 years in jail with one meal a day.

I'm glad the kid is safe, but she's go no shot with these superstars as parents.

I am sure that is not ALL she has faked!

That was like reading Stereo instructions. Long, jumbled up, and not very helpful.

Too much missing from this article to know everything, but there was a history of domestic violence with the ex.  Why wouldn't the current boyfriend think the worst when all she text was "help me" without any details?

filing a false police report is a felony and the punishment can be higher then the crime.There are real victims of abductions out there that the police need to be searching for and this woman fabricates a story about being abducted? WTH? She has nothing better to do? The state should keep her child because she doesn't appear fit to raise this child. Idiot!

When faking an abduction one must turn off the GPS because it's so much easier to bust you out with it on.

More to this story than meets the eye.

I said to myself, what was she thinking. And then I realized, what was I thinking that she's thinking!!

catch her, throw her in prison for LIFE, never let her have kids AGAIN

What is this world becoming here?

Women like this give all women a bad name.  Not enough drama in their life so they need to fabricate stories.

What was she thinking?

She should have to reimburse the taxpayers for the additional law enforcement costs from this hoax.

Im so sick of hearing about these women doing stuff like this and putting the children in the middle. I get it if there really was domestic abuse but that doesnt mean you have to fake a disappearance, and who says she isnt the abuser. I have a friend who has been going thru it for years. Crazy ex, lies in court and the judge does nothing, stole money and equipment from the company to sell to live on, basically she should be in jail, but he gets all the blame. The whole systemis so messed up the kids barely have a chance...This story made no sense, until I read the line, "but was taken into custody on an outstanding forgery warrant" - this explains a lot.

Get the kid away from them before it is too late for her to be normal..

I hope this child ends up in a family with better parents than she was born too.  What on earth would possess any "Mother" to do something like this knowing that there would be a good chance that she would end up in jail and her daughter would end up in foster care (or worse, with the abusive father)?  Selfish, selfish, selfish!!!

uh...

When I read these stories I always wonder how many people have been jailed, beaten, and lynched over the years because of women like this.

THe boyfriend need to do himself a favor and just cut her loose , The really crazy women are nothing but trouble !!

Sounds like this girl came up with an excuse to hang out with her ex and their child.  She deceived this man!  Didn't expect he'd call cops!

The only one I really feel sorry for is the kid.  How is she suppose to turn out normal with adults like this raising her?

Sounds like she did the boyfriend a huge favor.  Keep on truckin', dude.

Like Casey Anthony and Jody Arias...she will claim she is a victim.  Not her fault.they should be able to sue her for the real costs of her fake abduction. In fact, the police should be able to do that for any faked charges.

Another Casey Anthony in the making. Get that kid out of there.

Makes me wonder how some of these people were brought up!....So many dysfunctional families.  And, who suffers?  The children, of course!.....

Confused woman with a child who just can't figure out whether she wants boyfriends or ex-husbands pee-pee!  Don't fake the abduction, you should go to jail!

Ok.  Either she wanted to scare her boyfriend for whatever reason, OR, she wanted to be with her ex, and she thought this would be a great idea to cover her tracks.    Only sad part is that she involved her little girl.   Kids always pay the price for stupid adult's decisions.

HOw sick.

I think there are details missing that would have made this a much better story. Perhaps they'll come out later on but the holes are kinda irritating. Can't the 'detective' work  be done before the story is published?

This woman is loco.  That child needs a stable relationship with a parent that has both oars in the water.  The boyfriend needs to run and never look back cause she is nuttier  than a Claxton fruit cake!

She was doing her ex-husband and could not come up with a reasonable excuse. Sounds like the boyfriend was maybe a bit controlling if she had to fake a kidnapping to get away from him.A trio of nutjobs and a neglected emotionally abused little is the prize. It is a sick world...

Please get the child out of this kind of environment."Linn County Sheriffs Police and Missouri State Highway Patrol Officers located all THREE at about 10:00 pm Monday at a home located...".  So who is the THIRD PERSON?  Her ex-husband?!?Too little information to make a sweeping generalization as the headline SUGGESTS.

Sounds like someone wanted to keep her current boyfriend on the hook while she did the hokey pokey with her ex and that's what it's all about.

She should have to repay the costs of her search.

The poor child is saddled with two bad parents.  The boyfriend should be glad he found out that he had a loon as a girlfriend before he married her.  If he sticks by her ... well, it will be his problem.  But my advice is RUN and don't look back!

probably faked orgasims also

no excuse for stupid. poor baby, hope she gets a good home and a chance in life.

I wish I knew what was wrong with people these days!

KIds are always caught up in the shenanigans of crazy parents.

Crazy in da coconut.

Cant fix crazy!Are there other articles out there on this story because I didn't see any confessions in this one, so maybe she was abducted and was told not to say anything. Just askin.....

Interesting little family.

"Moms" father is Daffy Duck and her mother is Lola Bunny.  Brilliant combination!

This mom needs a good psych exam and a child custody hearing.  She should not put her daughter in jeopardy again.

Wolf wolf!

Typical AP/Yahoo slop.Bill Draper, "about 100 miles northwest of Kansas City" is nowhere near central Missouri.  Furthermore, Linn County and Brookfield are north-EAST of K.C., in NORTHERN--not central--Missouri.

People these days will do just about ANYTHING for attention. (shakes head)

sounds like another meth user with a smoked brain. A lot a data missing in this story.

she said help me , and no i'm not alright , but i never heard her say i've been aducted, she might have a loose screw maybe

How was that considered a abduction? She called her boy friend and it souded like she was lying when she said she was okay? And the boyfriend is wanted for forgery? So that is what the authorities are doing when you call them with a real problem.When was the last time your girl friend called you up and said she could not talk right now? It's happened to me more than a time or three. All it means is "I can't talk right now" For me, my only concern is for the child being mixed up in a life she has little control over.

Dumb and very strange.

Can anyone else see another Casey Anthony in the making?

These women have great choice when it comes to men. Staying with the forger over the other guy, what the other guy only stole bras from Victoria Secret? It took me 2 hours to think of this comment.

Did she actually say she was abducted??? I don't think so. She said she wasn't ok. She obviously isn't. Seems like she was crying out for help. Can't see where this is a criminal offense. It seems it was those around her that were making assumptions. I predict she will ultimately not face charges. Sad story,,,especially since the child is the one who is ultimately going to suffer. The cycle continues.

So she lies to her boyfriend...has a nooner with the ex ?.. and this is news ?

Another drama queen..."Look at me...look at me..."

People in need of attention.  She's one of them.

She said she was alright,the boyfriend said it didn't sound right,sounds like she didn't want the boyfriend to know she was with her X.She never said according to the story she was in trouble.

With the husband, ex-wife and child now safely in custody, the real story can come out.  Stay tuned, we may get some real facts yet.This story presents more questions than it answers. My money says she coped to the charge of filing a false report as part of a deal she struck with her ex to be set free.  He's got a DV record and since they won't tell whose house she and her daughter were found at, but all we're told is that "police located all 3 at the undisclosed house", and stressed that no one was hurt.  It makes sense that she negotiated freedom for herself and her daughter before the police arrived.  If that's the case . . . good for her!

I would like the whole story! This women was a DV victim, do we know why she would try and fake her abduction, was she needing to leave the boyfriend and she was afraid so this was her way she felt she could escape him? I lived though DV, I could see someone doing this, I mean you have all seen "Sleeping With the Enemey" she faked her own death to escape....there is more to this story.

police learned she 'fabricated the abduction story', did they leave that part of the article out? sure didn't read that way to me.

The story is missing detail and has spelling errors!

Ah, the new family paradigm. I doubt her and her boyfriend stand much of a chance at this point.

Bill Draper, someone needs to send you to a basic creative writing course.  This is the most jumbled, incoherent article I've seen in a while.  This is Yahoo! so I don't expect a lot but better than this.

this is why we should be adressing mental illness and not the guns.....I have no problems with Background checks, although I'm sure she would probably have passed....

And the Oscar goes to....

Make her pay all costs.

I'm sorry. You're a horrible actress.They say this behavior is psychotic. It's psychotic when you fake an abduction or death or injury because it is an attempt to make someone else feel sorry for you. I'm not sure if that's what she was going for or not, but most of the time they want someone else to feel sorry for them.She's looney.

you can't fix stupid

Twisted Women are nothing new..

Any expenses the police incurred while dealing with the situation the Woman should have to pay for them.  Sounds like she was smacked too many times up side the head by her ex drain bamage.

Drama Queen.

She needs to be stripped of ALL of her parental rights and be locked up for lying and trying to pin it on her EX!!

She was hoping it would work so she would NEVER have to work.

Im so glad this woman had a child-she can continue her legacy of crazy.  **cough, cough-sarcasm**

Too early to judge.  Need to sequester each of the participants and get all of their stores.  Only then will we get to the facts.  It will not end good for some.

When and where did she fake an "abduction?"I fail to see what charges could be brought against her. so, her  boyfriend received a text message from her that read, "help me." I see nothing indicative of a claim of kidnapping. she did call and say  " everything is OK, but it sounded like she was reading off a script," Hughes said. " but it sounded like she was reading off a script" this is Hughes opinion. if the only text said " help me" I see no " (abduction) story" ""She said she couldn't talk now," Hughes said. "I asked if she was OK, and she said, 'No." again no mention of abduction. all I see is a troubled woman who wanted to leave a boyfriend.

"Authorities believed Koechner and Zoee were with her ex-husband, Devon Sandner, 37, who is Zoee's father, and that they could be in danger because of a history of domestic violence,"So momma has some mental issues and likes attention... sure could put a different light on the domestic abuse "history" if it was all based on the woman's testimony.

"She called her boyfriend and said everything is OK, but it sounded like she was reading off a script," Hughes said.case dismissed.

sounds like he was trying to set up some drama between her ex and her boyfriend for the attention it would put on her....2 men fighting over her.  pathetic and sad for the little girl who has a wacko for a mother.

Is it just me, or is it only the stupid people who are breeding?

Welcome to Missouri, meth capital of the world

Sad story.

Throw her but in jail for 6 months and give her some time to think.

idiots with nothing better to do in life!.......pity the innocent child involved!

I feel sorry for little Zoee. It's going to be pretty tough growing up to learn that her father's a convict, and her mother has, at least in this stage of her life, psychological problems. I wonder if Rachel Koechner will ever get Zoee back...provided she gets help to become "normal".Sounds fishy to me.

And at what point did she say she was abducted?

So now, the mother is in custody, the father is in custody and the child is in state custody.  Wonder if the mother visualized this ending???

Still waiting on the 'reporter' to explain why she was arrested for 'faking an abduction.' Nowhere in his report does it say anything about her faking an abduction.

Time to get away from that girlfriend!

The only thing I see listed is one mesg that said help me followed by a later mesg that said I am okay....Unless they are leaving a lot out there was no claim of being kidnapped. Just because the boyfriend called the police and thought she was kidnapped doesn't make it so....

Great job Mom, now your precious daughter is in protective custody and probably scared to death.  What a fool you are, how very sad for your little girl

So what we've learned so far is that the author of this article doesn't really know what the hell is going on, nor do they know how to formulate a summary of ...whatever  the hell the point of their article was.

Shame this woman had to waste everyone's time.  She should have to reimburse everyone their expenses.  Would make her think twice about doing it again.

Somebody needs to go to parenting school REAL BAD!!!Doesn't sound any different than any other trialer park story.

A female spending time in prison for such an offense--AIN'T GOING TO HAPPEN. Male--lock him up and throw away the key.

Hide and seek.I played this game as a child,LADY GROW UP.

Kind of like Hillary faking her head injury to avoid testifying.  And then, voila, she's in favor of gay marriage and she m-i-g-h-t be thinking about the presidency.

Is this crazy braod related to Lohan by chance?

i THINK  this woman was in trouble , wanted to get away from her boyfriend but didnt know how...by taking this action, the police arrested him, setting her free from an abuser and perhaps a very bad situation. I dont think people do this without a reason behind it ...of course she could just be slightly off but the fact that she took her child with her tells me something is up and we dont have the full story.

Since when is dumping your boyfriend and returning to your ex illegal? Maybe the help me was because she can't control herself and is an idiot.

Sounds like she wanted to  "SPEND TIME " with her ex FOR SOME REASON ! ! LMAO  I hope the boy friend DUMPED HER !

With cameras everywhere now along with the technology we have, why do people still do this and think they will not be caught?

Ok...they $100,000 question is...Why???Trailer trash. Glad the state has the kid, at least she has a shot now.

Somehow I get the feeling this columnist couldn't find a story and then latched onto this at like...the last 10 minutes of the deadline.

Head shake........just a head shake

Whats nice is that the little girl will now have a safer environment with her father to be raised while the mother sits in jail and pays child support to the father.

Really, i see a trend of more and more people taking a vow of celibacy. No honey worth that type of aggravation in life. And that statement applies for both genders.

What a poorly-written article. I'm sure I'll get some smart#$%$ remarks for this but I'm not even sure what I just read and i'm pretty sure it was Yahoo and not me...it jumped all over the place

This story seems to raise more questions than answers. When she was talking to the boyfriend, was she really implying that she was abducted? It's kind of hard to tell without context. She could have just been implying that she wanted to break up with him and didn't know how to tell him.Who knows? The woman could be a nut job too? I'm just glad the kid is okay.

Somehow she thought she could capitalize on it for money.

Can we all say "crazy drama filled disaster" ?  If the boyfriend is smart, he will see this for what it is, a mentally unstable, attention seeking woman who will make his life a rollercoaster.

looks like she decided to play with her ex for a while , but didn't want the boyfriend to think she was cheating on him (which is all she was doing) charge her and make her pay all police costs, and i hope the boyfriend dumps her ...fast !!!It's a hormone fluctuation and if I were her lawyer, I would pin it on that or thryoid malfunction.  I would say, look my client was fine until this wild hormone fluctuation hit her.  Come on judge and members of the jury, weather men or women have you not experienced this with your loved ones.  What husband or boyfriend has not.  What women has not from their daughter or in law. Hee, hee I think it will work.  Kind of like the "twinkie defense" but we'll call it the "hormone defense".

This country has a serious problem with crazy people!

If she was lindsay lohan she would be released immediately

I'm confused. At no time in this article does the mother say she was kidnapped. It was her current boyfriend who was afraid she was kidnapped. Just because she said, help me, doesn't mean she was kidnapped....the boyfriend reported her missing....sounds like everyone overreacted. I'm just happy everyone is ok but I don't think anyone should be arrested and if her child was in no danger, why would they take her away? Something is not right in the reporting of this story.

No wonder we have so many nut cases kids growing up in this world, shooting people, starting to think you should have to pass a sanity background check to even have a child.They cause the innocent to pay by one right or another.

Some questions remain.  Like had so volunteered to travel around with her ex?  Or was she told what to say when the police arrived?  Does a two word text message equal an abduction?

What is people bored now days, they have to make up #$%$.  or get a minute of so called fame. PS. Getting fame with idiot stunts, just makes you an idiot.

Sounds like she wanted to "work" on her relationship with her ex, yet have an out when she returned home after her "escape". The one thing we can all agree on is that she's unfit to raise a mentally healthy child with these kind of antics.

Does anybody know how much it costs taxpayers picking up the tab for #$%$ like this, fabricated by "A-holes" like this?!!!!Hold HER totally accountable, by punishing and forcing HER, or members of her family to pay..........not the taxpayer!

remember when you woke up this morning and the day seemed like just another hassle it could be worse you could be her current boyfriend or her ex husband see the day is not nearly as bad as you think plus your still on the right side of the grass!Yeah, cause it's so much easier to text "help me" than to call 911....right?

If her boyfriend has any brains, he'd dump her in 2 seconds flat unless, hopefully, he already has!   This broad is a cookoo, her ex-husband a thief, and the poor daughter caught in the middle of it all!

Wow! This crazy B managed to victimize everyone close to her. One thing I have learned always do a search on the women you meet and their phone numbers.

Look in the dictionary under "poor white trash" and I think this woman's photo is depicted.

Now her ex-husband will get his little girl handed to him on silver platter.  I can't stand people who think that this kind of #$%$ is a good way to get custody of their kids.  What a stupid cooze she is for doing this.

Model citizens these people are!  One fakes an abduction, the other is a felon and the poor kid gets to learn all this at an early age.  Hopefully she will not be like her Stupid idiotic "parent" (used very loosely). Tie her tubes please!

Poor kid.  Violent father.  Mentally unstable mother.  What chance does the daughter have?  Let's hope at least ONE set of grandparents or Aunts/Uncles can provide a safe and nurturing environment.  It doesn't sound like either of the birth parents is a great choice for full-time custody.

Playing the poor me card, always the victim.

I remember a story line like this from one of the Law and Order shows, or maybe it was a CSI?  Sounds like somebody has been watching too much TV and forgot that the "perp" or "unsub" usually gets caught.

The judge who granted this woman custody of the child was unavailable for comment...I cannot begin to fathom the motive... which is why I read the story.  Feeling underwhelmed.

It's good when the crazies go nuts... before they marry another guy.

who gets the raw deal in these cases of irresponsible parents, the poor children.  Now the child is in foster care.

Stupid is what stupid does!

Why do these people always have to include their children in their Drama?

too many holes in this story!

Poor kid.

Sad that the child has to suffer through all this. Makes you wonder what drives a person to do this to their child.

This may be the best thing to happen to the little girl. Hopefully she will be placed with family members who will do a better job.

This is just one of hundreds of thousands of lies that women fake in order to gain an edge in court.I will bet that every domestic incident they had was a lie and made up by her too!! Men get hosed in the court of law, and mostly because of conniving LYING women!! I am not saying that every case is a lie, but ALOT of them are. Trust me, I happened to marry the biggest conniving lier You have ever seen.Those fake abductions always work.  Always.

Glad to hear there was no endangerment.  Mom needs some serious counseling before she regains custody of her daughter---if she shows she is stable enough to raise the child.  She could get up to 3 years in prison and/or probation for faking the kidnapping. As for the natural father, he will most likely serve a prison term for the forgeries, but he also needs therapy for his abusive behaviors.  Unfortunately, many abusive parents only pay lip service to the therapy they participate in because they usually wind up back in court for new charges of abuse.

The child needs to be taken from BOTH parents and put up for adoption into a decent home.  She comes from domestic violence already, has a mom who is a nut and a father who forges.  Poor child; the odds are against her already.

Just part of the scams of an entitlement generation looking for free money; the slip and fall scams are up 600% since democrats took office and the liberals have camera phones to document their and explain that their “owies” were not just pretend.

Just another crazy person craving attention. Wacky in the head.

She must've read Gone Girl a few too many times.

So sad that people like this are allowed to breed.

Did she really think she could get away with a stunt like that?

I know it's not good, but is anyone else questioning the ex-husband's "history of domestic violence"?

Please put this woman in jail...no need to go to court, just straight to jail....just screwing around on her boyfriend

Another standard yahoo article, a lousy introduction, no details and no facts.

Nap time.

She should have a sit down with John Walsh, he can tell you about how bad it can be!

Very confusing story without more details!

why would she want to get lost with her baby in tow"

crazy person and a motel - that sounds like a movie there

Oh the games people play...

Dude...You've been had! She's leaving you and boy are you lucky!

Oh, come on, only men are capable of abduction.  You throw them in jail, NOT a woman. She is a poor mother crying out for help (sarcasm).It wont be fake when they put her in jail for being crazy.Just imagine the marbles in her head the way they roll.

Boyfriend should end relationship right now. Don't even hit it one time for the road.

i would've gone to a safe haven for batter women who has a history of domestic violence, what a shame doing something without thinking it over sounds to pathetic...

What a LOSER.

If she did voluntarily fake her abduction then she deserves jail time,how many cases did resources have to be taken away from to deal with hers.Not a lot of info to go on in the article

and the dog goes back to it's vomit...

She can get all the help she needs at a mental hospital.

If this article contains all the facts, this woman did nothing to be arrested for. Nowhere does it say she claimed to be kidnapped. There a text that says help me and a phone conversation where she says she's not okay. She didn't call police, her family did. Its not her fault if the family jumps to conclusions. But we'll see if more information is forthcoming.

Why do people put such stress on kids? She is now trying to figure out why she is with a bunch of strangers.

You never really know a woman until you meet her in court.Story should read: EX- boyfriend !

Another tormented soul, sreaming out to the world....."see me, need me, love me."

Who are these people?  Who would do this? I'm amazed at the stupidity of this. Now the child is in State custody. Good going! How incredibly sad.

I feel sorry for the kid.  Something tells me this is not the last crazy stunt her mom may pull.

sounds like Baron Munchhausen by proxy disorder, or something very close to it

My advice to the boyfriend is to dump her right now.  She was cheating on him with her ex and lying about everything.  Who knows what else she's willing to lie about...

She needs to be in a Psychiatric prison.  I used to work in the Psych. ward at a major hospital. There are LOTS of women like her in there.

We reap what we sow....lousy parents and lousy journalism..

Got to feel bad for the child who completely doesn't understand but just wants to be with her mom!

Seems like responsible parenting has flown out the window lately.Yeah, this story is so whacked! Forget it, the child goes to state custody?? Great job parents

then her other boy friend(s)...........and ex's

What is wrong with people?

no one is perfect thank god their alive .she reaching out for help i'll pray she gets it

Some people will do anything to get their 15 minutes of fame. Get them into custody, and hopefully they'll get the mental help they need before they decide to do something even more stupid; like take someone out.

The boyfriend better run like, we'll you know.

This goes on everyday in the trailer park...

she sounds like the perfect candidate for congress

i've been short changed. where the hell is the rest of my egg mc muffin? just mo whack a doodle #$%$ coming from a mo whack a doodle woman.keep it up girls, you'll soon lose all crdibility with us guys. :)=)

what some people wont due for attentionThe kid suffers from stupid adults.

Another case of someone watching way too much TV.

She did this simply to gain an edge in court, and try to slander her ex husband.

Something stinks!

she needs her tubes tied right away !

Did I miss something?  She was arrested and child placed in state custody because her boyfriend ASSUMED the worse and that it sounded like she was reading from a script??  The worst she did was text "help me"..how is that grounds for fake abduction and arrest?

Drama queen

Ok, maybe I missed something, but I didn't see anywhere that she actually fabricated a story.  I think she made some dramatic remarks, hoping for attention, but I don't see anywhere that she says "I was kidnapped, I am currently being held against my will, etc." Is anyone else seeing this?

Think of the money and resources used to find her and she wasn't even missing. Doing something that stupid lends credibility to other's stories

Sounds like she wants attention. My husband had an old friend on Facebook he hadn't seen in years.  You couldn't never believe most of what she said.  We found out she was in jail a few times when she said she was actually in the hospital.  We believed her at first - until  we found her mugshot.So texting "help me" to your boyfriend is police code meaning you have been abducted, and if it's not true your child will be placed in state custody and you will be taken  to jail? This doesn't make sense.

Just another manipulitive, conniving, lying, american woman trying to gain an edge in court, so that she can steal everything her ex has ever worked for!!

Big gap in this story, I don't think they had enough to even write about it. So, maybe she wasn't ok when they asked her. Maybe she wanted some time alone and at least called her boyfriend and said she was ok. Who reported her missing? I doubt she reported herself missing. The boyfriend says it "sounded" as though she was reading off script. The police said they "believed" she was with her ex. The woman is an adult and has custody of the child right? Was she supposed to be reporting to someone? On parole or probabtion? When I was a young mom I used to take my son and go camping for a couple of days. If I wanted to hop on a train and spend some time in solitude and peace with my child I would.

Some people just need the stupid beat out of them.

I hope the mother gets some help.  I feel bad for the daughter.

Only time a girlfriend texted "help me" was when she wanted my help doing chores.

Time for a a-- whipping and jail time.

Another run-of-the-mill fake abduction story. What sets this one apart was there was no black dude hijacking the car. What is wrong with these people?

Chemical attack......who's in charge of this war, Bush, Cheney and Rummy?

She looks so pretty and intelligent.  What a pity that she flipped.  If she's in her early twenties they should be extra careful about screening her for probable psychotic break.There's got to be more to this story then that. Fake kidnapping charge for texting help me? Okay. The prosecution is going to have a hard time with this one.

She got her 15 minutes of fame, now is time to spend sometime as guess of the prison bureau.

Take her guns away

So why did she do this?  Any logical reason, or just a nut job?

Another reason why they should be paying people to NOT have kids, instead of paying them to have them.

Visit Blue Springs and the reasons will become obvious...

Typical american woman trying to steal everything her ex ever worked for.

I'm from this area. Women like this thrive on DRAMA. They create drama to get attention or to get the ex into trouble. My guess is that she wanted to "hookup" with someone in a hotel 100  miles away but didn't want lose the boyfriend. Her "abusive" ex was probably "created" abuse!

Sounds like it's time to find a new girlfriend ... :s

I feel for this little girl traped with parents like this please do not let her go back.It was her kid and did she ever say she was abducted? I don't see where there was a crime commited. If a text that says "help me" is all they have to charge her with, they have no case.

Let's send her the bill for all the Man Hours the Police department spend investigating her whereabouts.............!

what a nut!

I hope this little girl gets raised by stable and loving adoptive parents.

Ummm ... where does the word Abduction appear?  Help me?  Everything's okay.  I can't talk right now.Either this article sucks or ... this reporter sucks.

what a #$%$  I hope she spends some time in jail.

at least she hasn't killed her kid yet.

I thank God everyday for my mentally stable parents

Seems to me unless she said she had been kidnapped, then it really wasn't a faked kidnapping.

Sounds like this Mom has been watching too many bad movies...or soaps.Men never fabricate abduction stories...but women do.  There are a lot of stories about women fabriacting things like this...grand rape/kidnapping/missing children stories.  Why do they do it?  To get attention or something....?

This story makes no sense. At what point in the story did she actually say they'd been kidnapped???

That cleared everything up!

And the weird it gets weirder…

Um.... where is the evidence that she has faked an abduction. I've read that thing 3 times. In fact... I don't see anyone claiming that she said she was abducted in the first place.

I like my women a little crazy, but this one would hit you over the head when you would be sleeping.

White trash should be thrown in the garbage.

Wierd.  She looks almost exactly like my friend's ex-daughter in law who was just as whacked.

Missouri is a mother's state.  She'll get 30 hours community service and custody of the kid.

Women fake a lot of things! LOLRun while you can boyfriend, run!!!!!

The child was placed in states custody ? Seems there might be grand parents or family members that could take the child and isn't family a better decision .

Time for a new girlfriend dude.  Trust me I know.  Best thing I ever did was dumping that psycho.

I'm not so sure she "faked" her abduction. She was found with the ex-husband who has a history of domestic abuse. She might have went with him under duress. There is more to this story!!!!!

Did she fabricate the story out of fear of the #$%$ bag woman beater?

I want to know how they found out that this was a fabricated abduction. Nowhere did this article say that she said she was abducted or that she was with her ex-husband. Just that they suspected that was the case.

Another really poorly written article by the AP.

Just because you can have kids, dosnt mean you'd be a good parent.Feel sorry for this little girl.

The only one who gained in this fiasco was the boyfriend.  If he's smart, he's running as fast as he can.

They should consider removing the child from this women. Child could be in dangerWheres the crime? She didn't say she was abducted, or in danger. She didn't call police.If her dumb boyfriend had a warrent,, that's on his head. She just stayed away for a while. No crime in that.

take the kid away from her forever!

how many fake being "RAPED" ???

Midwestern women are the dumbest people Hollywood attracts, or ever ask for.

What ??????

Stupid #$%$!!

she was probly shopping for some sausage.

Again, crazy people doing ignorant and stupid things at the expense of innocent children.

And why would she do something crazy like that ?....I feel bad for her daughter to get mixed up with a looney mother...

One of the top two most important decisions you will ever make in your life is choosing a spouse. Choose wisely.just one more sign of how our country has sunk in decaying morals and family values...thanks a lot liberals...

Im so glad this woman had a child-she can continue her legacy of crazy.

How do they know she faked anything?  She may now be covering for the ex out of fear of him.

Does anybody teach their kid "the boy who cried wolf" story anymore? This woman has obviously never heard it.

another child for the state to raise!!

That poor baby.

She should be thrown in jail for calling her daughter "Zoee". I guess better than Zoe, which my brain reads as "Go" with a Z sound.

One word:  Mental illness!

You mean, ex-boyfriend.

So why did she do this???What the heck was her motivation?

Daddy is a criminal, mommy is a nutcase. I kind of hope that poor kid takes after somebody else in the family, that gene pool is not giving her much to work with.

Another midwest slab with mental illness...

I'm just glad the little girl wasn't found in a car in the river, like those two little boys in the 90's with the crazy mother who insisted the car had been stolen with the boys in it.

I am very happy to be here!

caught smoking the wrong pole and freaked.

what am I missing? I didn't see where she said she was kidnapped?

"Through investigation police learned she fabricated the (abduction) story," Hughes said. He provided no details.    AWESOME i love reading articles that never tell you the full story.......If you can't provide details then you probably should write an article about it!

Mother of the year there.

krazytwatNever a good idea to try to get your significant other to prove how much he loves you by faking your own abduction...desperation is not sexy... and can get you in trouble if he takes you seriously and contacts the police.

Stupid is alive and well --thriving!

Not enough drama in your life lady? You are messed up. Both of yall are messed up.

apparently,  there's not much to do for fun in missouri

Dude, get you a new girlfriend.

Hate to say it, but state custody is right where that child should be.

I want my 15 mins of fame! Oh, that was quick.

This takes the police away from real cases they could be working on!  Hope she's charged with criminal stupidity!

duh...?

I just dont get it. Whats the piont?  And why involve your child in this stupidity. Now the poor child is in the states hands,and usually that doesn't go well. Hopefully a close relative will step up and care for the childThe best place for that child is FAR away from her!!!

White Trash Drama. Meth and pot probbally involved. That will keep the rumor mills going there for a couple of weeks.

Who the hell writes this #$%$? This article has more plot holes sthan star trek V.

Looney tunes!

stupid

I'm just trying to figure out where in the story does it say that she was claiming to be abducted? This was the WORST reporting ever. Either someone is fabricating and making something out of nothing, or lots of details are missing from the story! My 2nd grader writes better stories than these! Really yahoo....

Hmmm

Sounds like a kooky story to cover up some cheating with the ex.

i knew a woman in az. with 6 kids. she was always on the run, especially when it came time for her kids to get their shots for school. 6 different fathers, and 6 child support checks, all being mailed to a p.o. box that a friend of hers would pick up and forward to whatever address that she was using at the time. as far as i know, she is still on the run.

she should be forecd to pay for the police resources wasted on her fabricated abduction story, stop passing them on to the taxpayers.women are nuts, but guys get the short end every time.

Nut job exwife again, they never learn

I'd like to bury her alive. Is that too much?

Sounds like a typical hookup with a shabby coverup story.  With a typical self centered moron thinking she was smarter than everyone around her.

Another nut case. Our government and their woman coddling is the reason we have so many of these mothers who think they can get away with this $^&amp;%.

yep the kids always pay for the parents stupidity

Nowhere in this article did I see anything where she claimed abduction, violence or fear. Is she OK? No, well perhaps she is depressed that day? Same with the Help Me. And last I heard, if you were having a bad day and feeling a little bit off, it wasn't illegal to go on a road trip. If it was I guess I am lucky I'm not doing 25 to life. Really sounds like a small minded, power hungry sherriff is looking for some publicity to boost his re-election campaign

Welcome to Chinese journalism and editing

That poor child. Place in state custody, away from parents because of their stupidly. It amazes how some of these parents can bring such harm upon their little ones. No child should ever suffer in life from their own parents. I feel so bad for these kids these days. Parents, grow up and get your act together. You are so rediculous.

i bet her own abduction isnt the only thing she has ever faked!She's fraggin cuckoo for cocoa puffs.

Why didn't she just tell her boyfriend," Honey, I am leaving you for the man I was married too before. Yes, the same man who used to physically and emotionally abused me in front of our daughter." What a crock of sh*t!!!!

Where does the "abduction" part come in? I didn't read it in the story anywhere....

Note from the child: "Way to get me tossed into the State's juvenile dependency/foster parent system mom.  Living with this non-English speaking foster family with 6 other angry foster kids is just great. Thanks a lot!  Enjoy jail you selfish cow."

Stupid is as stupid does.

Well, she wanted attention, and she got it. What a good mom.

Repost from Retired_LC:Her boyfriend better run for the hills, the crazy is strong within this one.Now thats funny.

Why do these low lifes procreate?  This poor little girl is going to have a horrible life.  Both parents are immoral lying criminals.  What chance does she have?

this is not all the story she is not telling something here or she is just crazy

What a stooge. Now the child will be the one who suffers. It's a shame.So.....why did she fake her abduction? For attention from her boyfriend, and/or press? I smell a nutcase.

Drama.

"He handed her he phone"

Yet in Family Courts in NJ the mother is presumed to be the best parent for the children. This case and many others makes that process a complete exercise crime in NJ.

What is wrong with people....

Truth is stranger than fiction

Story summed up: "Crazy mom fakes abduction to be with her violent ex husband. Cute kid goes to foster home, both parents go to jail."

There is something missing from this story...besides the bad editing.

This woman is an idiot.

Take her kid and make her pay back money spent by every agency that helped look for her.If this were my girlfriend I would drop this girl like a live rattlesnake and run away as fast as possible. Crazy might be fun in the sack, but it sucks for the rest of the relationship, and it is always the sane one that suffers.

Cue the claims of domestic violence.

Drama Queens like this that "CRY WOLF" create a de-sensitized Amber Alert system. She was looking for attention and should be in jail!

She was just pining for the fjiords.

Weird!!!  This kid doesn't stand a chance, sounds like the boyfriend was the only decent person in her life and now he's going to run and run fast.

She wanted attention and she got it. Case closed.

Am I the only one who found this confusing? I read it twice and I'm still not entirely sure what happened. What exactly did she do? Was she with her ex the entire time and trying to act like he forced her to stay with him?

Psycho...

strange people do strange things

when did she say she was abducted?Zoee.Nice name mom

Stupid is as stupid does.My prayers go to the little girl who was dragged into this and now has to deal with all the emotional trauma because her mother is an idiot.

I feel sorry for the kid with parents like these....

She will cost the people for a lawyer and a judge who will fuss at her and tell her she must be responsible..... And then pronounce sentence followed by a commutation to time served and active probation costing the taxpayers more money.  Ahhhh what a life when we practice to deceive.

"Help me" is right. She really needs help.

Sad that these folks are social deviants.  Sadder that we all pay for it in the long run.  And what exactly the point of the ridiculous ruse?

I feel bad for the daughter...two messed up parents

What a bizarre story.  Why would she invent an abduction story?

she needs a shrink for sure ,she didnt give one thought to her little girl how at would impact her selfish sorry excuse of a mother,now the kid is in the system for foster care which is no good either,and it doesnt look like the father is a winner either,so in plain english this little girl is #$%$ out of luck.

A beautiful young daughter is not prepared to understand why her mother is such a nutter.  No one is going to be a winner here.   Does anyone think this is just an isolated incident in their family life not to be repeated?Psycho........

Hey, maybe the Democrats should try to make abduction illegal!   That would surely stop such activities as this.   ;)

God bless that child...

The people in this world are getting crazier by the second.  SCARY.

Another waste of police time and money.

There are easier ways to break up with your boyfriend....

Some people should never reproduce!

move along,nothing to read here;just a normal day in the great state of missouri,she will be released,the child will go back to her mother and she will find plenty of other men to play games with;just the way it is here

what is the matter with her?  Is she crazy and she is raising a child???  She can't even take care of herself let alone a child.  Look at all the time and money waited on her stupidity.

Some unstable people here,to bad that a child is involved with these people.They really need to grow up.Nut Job!

Amazing what is considered news anymore!

"Through investigation...".  As in..."Did you fake your own abduction?  Admit it, you faked your own abduction and that of your daughter!".  My guess is as good as any.

More to this story that is missing!!!!

What a worthless, poorly written story that tells us virtually nothing.

They're ALL crazy! (With the exception of your mom and your CURRENT girlfriend)

Where's the rest of the story??

bi-polar women and how they will mess up your life! yes it's the most fun in bed you will Ever have, just make sure you keep one hand free.

Alot of vague information here to support any "fake abduction" charges.

What? Women lie? No way....Nothing in this article makes it seem like she faked her abduction.  More like she has a boyfriend who overreacts.

Her ex-husband must have boinked her brains right out

There is a lot more to this story. I hope the media isn't provided this information. What, when, where and why. These are her personal questions with her own answers.

so basically I doubt her ex is really "violent" and she made that up to to get custody and alimony in divorce. now her ex one day was just living his life and suddenly, he's arrested again because of this nut case and probably lost his job for nothing and now can't pay child support all because of this wacko. men leave american women alone for christ's sake! how many more warnings do you need?

Thanks ex-wife for getting me locked up again.

Mom and daughter bear an uncanny resemblance to Casey &amp; Caylee Anthony.  EERIE!!!

Run boyfriend run! Dont look back! Just run as fast and far as you can! Run man run!

maybe there was nothing good on tv.

Call me crazy, but Im failing to see her real crime......They didnt give a story. What abduction story? Seems like shes only guilty of lying to her boyfriend. Can that bring charges? Ladies, you're all in trouble!!!!

Setting excellent exampleS for Zoee!She would be an x girlfriend of mine, muy pronto!  I feel sorry for the child.

she should be repay every penny spent on her by law enforcement.

I'm sorry but how was it a fake abduction again she never said she was abducted she called the boyfriend and told him she was fine...what am i missing

"The child was placed in state custody." I hope she doesn't stay there. It's not any better...

There are days I want to fake my own abduction just to get a few hours of peace myself!!

I'll bet her daughter has more common sense than she has.

She was caught after spending a week with her ex smoking synthetic pot.

Abduction of any kind is not a joke. Most people don't come back alive. Let alone abduction of a child. Don't cry wolf lady. The police need to abduct this child from this crazy loon.

Okay so someone had a big ol' bowl of crazy for breakfast, now didn't they

Very sad for the little girl....how scared she must be without her family around...I am sure she fabricated the domestic violence also. I am sure the Father was treated like chittt by the authorities and was treated like a suspect. Women like this need to rot in jail...but she will probably get probation and keep custody

Dump her!  Her crazy is showing!

since when is it a crime to disapar. if i had the money and didnt have to work 6days a week i would disaper once in a while my self. sometimes people just need a break from everyday life.

This story is incomplete....what was she running from?  Was the boyfriend abusive as well?  Is she just psycho?

white trash.....

No where in the story does it say the woman stated she was abducted. A test Message "Help me" could mean a lot of things. It says she called her boyfriend and said everything was all right. Again, not any statement of being abducted. It would be nice if the story explained where the charge of claiming false abduction came from.

People seem to be sorry for the little girl, I think this is the best thing that could of happened to her, for these "parents" should not be parenting this poor child.  Hopefully somone will adopt her, and give her "real" attention, and not be crazy pants.

Brookfield MO is northeast of KC... northwest would be in Kansas.

she favors Diane Lane.....

She should not be able to be a mother,they should lock her up.They need to save this child from her.Ah she just needed some attention. How sad what lengths people will go through to get it. What a stupid looser.

Thats a different way to leave your lover.

When are they going to auction off the kid?

What a narcistic bit**, did she not even think about what this was going to do to her daughter? Now her littler girl is in a state facility, being looked after by complete strangers, and doesn't know what's going on, only that her parents are no where to be seen.

It sounds like to me everyone was doing a lot of assuming!I didn't read anything in the article where she said she was abducted by anyone.It's not like SHE called authorities and made that claim.

There are a lot of crazy people in this world, the older I get, the more I realize that.  And that girl just looks psycho.

The first thing the boyfriend needs to do to is RUN.  This chick clearly has not stable.

I dream of faking my daughter's and my disappearance.

Trailer trash antics.....

Tweakers....get that little girl away from her.I bet she will not get any time for this one.  As long as she didn't say she was abducted, any good lawyer will get her off.  It legal to be stupid.  Who I feel for is that child.

Stupid #$%$ playing games! Woman like this are the reason men don't trust very easily.

another feel good family moment

Im missing the part where it said she faked abduction. According to this story she said help and then she told her boyfriend on the phone that everything was fine.

Maybe her abusive ex got to be to much for her so she faked all of this to draw him out so the police could arrest him on the forgery warrant.  I don't know just trying to find a reason for this whole episode.  If a mother takes her child somewhere that is not a crime, texting her boyfriend "help me" is not a crime.  It sounds like the boyfriend may have overacted to a text.  Then when the women did talk to police and the boyfriend she said everything was fine and no one was hurt.  The police learned she fabricated the abduction story, what was the abduction story?   Not sure if the author forgot a paragraph or something.  I can tell anybody anything I like doesn't make it true and if you get the police involved then that is not my fault.  OF course that would make her a liar but that is all.

Ok after reading the article several times it states that she was reported missing , OK she did not report herself missing!!! it was her jealous boyfriend who couldn't handle her taking her daughter to see the Bio dad , so the boyfriend is the one who called police and the motel where she had been staying and reported her as being abducted. The police would have questioned him first and this drama king ,could of said all kind of things likes the X had a history of domestic violence and  sounded like she was reading from a script ,well how does that sound??? and if he knew which motel she was at why didn't he go stake out the place and find out what was going on maybe he did and didn't like what he saw. Anyone else?

Why do people take such drastic actions to get attention???? That is horrible!!

I read the whole article and still don't understand what is going on.. Does it seem like there are huge chunks missing to anyone else?

The writer for this article needs to be fired. This doesn't even make sense.

Do any "journalists" at Yahoo ever proofread their articles anymore?sounds like she wanted some old one.

So her violent ex let her keep her phone......

Sad...she just wanted attention...

#$%$???

Unless other details emerge, we can only assume this was a pathetic ploy for attention. Poor kid.

This story makes no sense at all.  It is POORLY WRITTEN!  First it says that Koechner (the mother) is in custody.  Then it says that by the time police arrived at the motel, she was already gone.  Which is it?!  It also says that the "three" were found?  Who is the third person?  Is it the ex-husband?The cops need to put on their thinking caps, and due to the history of domestic violence between the woman and her ex-husband, consider the possibility that the woman WAS actually abducted by the ex-husband and told to keep quiet or she and/or the child would be hurt.  It could also just be that she's a ho who wanted a roll in the hay with the ex and didn't want the current boyfriend to know about it.  And so it goes....

This chick is an idiot. Feel bad for the kid, stands no chance with this parenting.

"...handed her he phone."  Proofreading before posting seems to have been put on the backburner for media.

Just wanted attention............I'm sure she will be real popular in jail!!

Fake an abduction, go to jail.  Things will get REALLY real for you there.Stupid broad!

Coo Coo....Coo Coo.

SIGH... She wanted to go bump junk with her ex and instead of making up a story about a church trip or some such and sneaking off to do it like a normal cheater, she whomps up this abduction story? What a moron.

ATTENTION! ATTENTION!!!!Seriously, she wants attention.

And the point in faking an abduction was....?

sad for the little girl, she has no chance with losers like these.

How is a text that states "help me" is faking abduction. Must be more to the story.

She was hoping he'd come running to the Motel and jump out of his car with a huge Boom Box held over his head playing a Love Ballad!

This is why you ALWAYS conduct a full background check on potential mates and then carefully select who you choose to be around. This boyfriend most likely feels like a fool. Just take time people to know who you are dealing with and what the consequences could be should they be shady.

Ummm... yeah... none of this is making any sense.... huge chunks of this story are missingW A C K  job.   In addition to legal charges against her, she should be made to pay the costs of the investigation.  Set up an installment payment plan - crazy #$%$.  That poor child has a bright future.    Why are people so starved for attention?!

Who does these kinds of things?!

I'm glad she was arrested. Far too often authorities fail to charge women in these cases - whether they are run away brides who fake abduction, women who falsely claim rape, or in this case, a mother who fakes an abduction with her child in tow. They waste police resources and cause unnecessary worry and panic. It should be a felony to file false reports in these situations, not a misdemeanor.

Sad to see the lack of responsibility inherent in most young people today.

There's obviously way more to this story than we know.  It's amazing how many idiots on here comment with their mind made up, unless you know these people personally there's no way to even have an opinion either way.  So judgmental.....

In our overpopulated world that glorifies reality TV idiots, people will do anything for attention.  Anything.

Ok I have read this and I still don't see a crime, it doesnt look like she reported being kidnapped or abducted just sent a text to her boyfriend saying help me.  That could mean anything, so unless there is a lot more here that the story states (with Yahoo that is a good probability statement) then I don't see a crime committed.The boyfriend doesnt have any legal right to be with the daughter or her, she has a right to shack back up with the ex if she wants to.  Sending help me again could mean anything and telling him that no everything wasnt alright doesnt mean anything.  There must be somethign that isn't in this story for her to be arrested.

Doesn't sound like she staged an abduction. Sounds like everyone around her assumed she was abducted. Maybe she didn't want to be with the boyfriend anymore but didn't want confrontation due to her past bad expierences in relationships. Don't think she should have went to jail and her child taken thats crazy

Perhaps she wanted to be with her ex and figured she wouldn't get in trouble from her boyfriend if she said she was abducted.

Good job mom, now your child gets to suffer b/c you're an idiot, some people shouldn't be parents.Unless she actually reported that she had been abducted, there is no crime. She has the right to disappear if she wants to and lying is not a crime... Ask congress

Sending her bf a text saying help me does not constitute an abduction claim. She may have had DA TALK w/ him about helping her with the house work and was just reinforcing her thoughts!

nucking futts..... ooooops..... sorry.... one demerit for me... pronto

She better get the bill for all the man hours to look for her sorry #$%$!

THAT POOR LITTLE GIRL HAS TO GO THROUGH THIS #$%$

she drops 'em and spreads 'em

I don't get it. Did she tell someone she had been kidnapped?

This is another case of "facebooking" these low lifes love the exposure. Notice the picture? Also, could be some money coming in....beer run and dope..

Um, bi-polar?

Make her pay all the expenses back to the Authorities who conducted this search for her.Brings to mind the runaway bride. What happened to her?

Sooo, I'm confused. They found her &amp; her daughter with her ex husband, but made up a story why? Because she didn't want her boyfriend to know she was running off with the ex? It's difficult to tell what's going on when the article was written by a 3rd grader.

Missouri?  You better believe this has everything to do with meth.

She was just a little sleze that wanted her bf &amp; her ex both.

It all boils down to the fact that American women are just no darned good anymore. Modern American women have become bitter, angry, loud, shrill-voiced, nut-busting, clipped-hair, fat, lazy, pill popping, pant-suit/pajama-pants wearing, credit card maxed, tattooed, body-pierced, oblivious, irresponsible, gold-digging, selfish, cat-hoarding, tv-addicted, obnoxious, spiteful-feminist, alcoholic spinsters bent on making life miserable for American men. They've traded their femininity for another serving of slop from the buffet table. American women should be corralled and treated like the livestock they've become. These slobs would rather get Tramp Stamps on their butts, rather than go to Church. I tell you, American women are just no good anymore. Just think of those useless Obese Loads. Think about the steaming tracks these animals leave in the bath tub, cuz they're to hefty for conventional toilets. Think about the debris stuck in the folds of their fat. Can we all say biohazard? And as Rachel Koechner shows, dumb as stumps.

This is what happens, when you live in a trailer for any length of time.

Strange story.  I feel sorry for the kid, as both parents seem to have big problems.  They'll probably screw her up, as well.

weird

What a ridiculous story of assumption! How about someone get the woman a psychological evaluation before media goes and prints such nonsense? This is a story made up of half truths and seems like a space filler! smdh

sounds like she needs some serious help and someone else needs to be taking care of her child until she gets itYea, lock her up for a long time.

She wanted attention. So lock her up for wasting the time of everyone....especially the police.

yep, she's crazy. Run boy run from this woman!

nut job !

I always thought people were a little tough on the YAHOO writers but after trying to read this I understand why they are called yahoo talk about uninformative confusing the headline gave more information than the article I bothered to try and read sorry yahoo writers guess this is your day job

sounds like she did this guy a favor.

28? No offense but she looks like she's in her 40's

Bill her for all of the resources wasted.

#$%$ is wrong with people!? She is definately not a keeper. Run while she is in jail and don't look back!!

The mother is hideous looking.Wow....this mom has some SERIOUS mental issues.  GET that child out of her reach until she's better!

Sounds like the mother was craving attention and the little girl payed the price

There is a condition known as Münchausen syndrome where people, mostly women will fake an illness or harm themselves so they can be hospitalized and have invasive procedures done. They get off on the attention of being in the hospital, friends and family stopping by, nurses, Drs all the attention. This gal sounds as if she has found a variant of the same disorder but is using the kidnapped story to get her fifteen minuets what ever it is I hope the little girl finds a truly loving home where she doesn't have to be around crazy mommy and daddy.

She needs a Mental Evaluation....

There are a lot of missing people that police need to be focusing on and this stupid broad was wasting their time. Throw the book at her and put her in jail on fraud charges and put the kid with someone that actually cares about her

This is result of her and the ex gettin it in with a few dashes of crazy

This makes no sense. A lot of details missing!

#$%$ did I just read?

I guess she never heard of the story "The Boy Who Cried Wolf". Who's going to believe her now the next time it happens?

What the hell?!?!?! What is WITH people these days??? Are they that starved for attention??Sorry; I meant to add the next time the ex-boyfriend is punching her. No one may care...

Wait, what?  This article tells part of the story, then talks about how she was taken into custody and the child given to the state, and then jumps back to the sheriff calling the hotel and talking to her, but then she's gone by the time Hughes gets to the hotel?  This article is most confusing in the way it's written!!

wow way to screw up your kids life

Whats sad is that when you have fake cases like this, it takes away from the real people that are missing.. i hate that..

in all this, what is the fault of a lil girl?  what did she do to deserve this?  I am sad at humanity....

This is a waste of everyones time...all law enforcement officers, rescue groups that waste time looking for someone who really isnt missing??????#$%$! Please dont

Hmmm this woman certainly enjoy attentions. But I think she shouldn't be playing those games. I wouldn't blame a little kid for playing hide-and-seek and not knowing when the parents or anyone would find him/her which sometimes cause parents to call 911. But this woman?? Come on!! I've heard of runaway brides who faked abduction just to avoid getting married or because of "cold feet". Dialing 911 is NOT for you to play games. Emergency is not a fun hotline. It's for REAL EMERGENCY!

Why arrest her, put her kid in foster care? Not seeing the crime especially if someone else reported her missing. So this person didn't know where they were, got the cops involved, and now SHE is under arrest for going somewhere? What the hell happened to freedom?

Someone should do a study to link redundant vowels in a child's name to crazy stupid in the parents.

Shame to those poor people/kids who aren't faking it. Not funny.This makes no sense whatsoever.A lady fakes her and her daughters kidnapping to go be with the kids father?!?!Why did she need to be kidnapped to do that?Yahoo, once again, posting a story with no facts so that it makes no sense.

she has too much time on her hands.

Who wrote this story? Worst attempt at journalism...ever!

What is WRONG with people!!!!!!??????

Oh come on, we've all fake kidnapped ourselves before. Right?

i hope the little girl may have stable grand parents to take her.  you cant fix stupid

Why fake it? Did it eve occure to her that REAL ADULTS dont play stupid little games like that? I feel like there's a lot missing to the story though

Geez, some of you have some serious troubles comprehending things. Let me make it clear how she is charged with faking her abduction.1.) She sent a text saying "help me" to her boyfriend in the middle of the night. This is what prompted an investigation since he contacted police.2.) She called the boyfriend from a motel saying she was okay, but acted like she was reading off of a script. This is still an open investigation.3.) The sheriff, Chris Hughes, called the motel and asked to speak to the woman. She said she couldn't talk now. When he asked if she was okay, she said "no". This is the red flag that it's an abduction.She would be okay with just 1 and 2. It would be a waste of police's time and taxpayers money, but it wouldn't be a faked abduction. The moment she lied to the officer is when it became serious. Lying to the police is almost the same as lying to a judge. When you're caught lying, you COULD be legally punished.

My mother played the runaway game when I was a kid she did not take us with her she said that she was planing on coming back for us later :P I would have never gone with her anyway. Because of that though effected me more the I knew because when my little sister ranaway is the excat same manner that my mom did I freaked out. I feel real bad for theat little girl she is going  have a tuff road ahead of her. May she find the streangth and preasants of mind to become her own person as an adult not influanced by the stupid people around her

Lay off the sugar lady!!!!!!Going to jail &amp; worst of all , losing your daughter , what an accomplishment ! GEEEEEZ

ok this is a form of attention seeking on the mothers behalf. please help her before it gets worse!

And now that poor child is in state custody. Sad. Grow up, PARENTS, and just be honest with others.

Why is it that the fat down south mothers are always the ones that are batsh!t crazy

Guess I am lost as to why she pulled this #$%$?

Mental illness or just a dumb broad.......

This is such BAD reporting!  people have the right to go wherever they want and not tell anyone. Yes worrying relatives half to death but it is not against the law. So, HOW did she fake her kidnapping? did she demand a ransom? I don't understand why she was arrested.

She found another man

please take the child and give her to a family that wants to love her and raise her.  Lets give her a chance at least.

Hey, there is good news here, the child is not dead.  When goof balls go off the deep end, think casey anthony, many times the child is the first to go.  Women are definitely dipping more into the crazy bowl.Give the mother to me. I will see to it she is punished and disciplined and at no expense to Mr.Mrs. "Tax Payer."

She's doing the ex and was trying to hide it from the boyfriend.  Epic fail on her part.  Hope the police file multiple charges.

I hope the boyfriend runs. Runs very fast!

I don't see anywhere in this story where she stated that she was abducted.  Am I missing something or is this just poor story writing?

She was banging her ex husband and did not want the boy friend to think that...she played it like he kidnapped her....so she could keep the boy friend too.

Dont we have anough Problems in this Country with out having some Quake Broad add to the Problem ? I hope they lock her up for a while so she can think about her stupidety .

Poor Zoee...I hate to see children suffer for parents mistakes.

and who suffers the most about all this, the poor little girl that is going to grow up just as mess up if no one with a sense steps up sad

The only thing I get from this story is, she wants to be with her ex &amp; doesn't know how to tell her boyfriend or she did tell him &amp; he can't accept it.  She's playing head games with the boyfriend.

THIS is EXACTLY what Men mean when they say My G.F is a CRAZY #$%$Domestic abuse is always a reason for concern!!

Don't post a story without the whole, actual story!!!!

Kids don't deserve parents like this!

Kids,(mentally), having kids..... There should be a mechanism in the brain that if your mentality isn't at a certain level, you can't reproduce... Kids pay for the issues of "adults" ALL THE TIME... I hope the little girl has reliable adults in her life to off set her parent influence...

Nothing more crazy than a crazy woman.

the dumbing down of america's peeps continues.brought to you by America's Funniest Videos.

Please get the facts, before reporting this trash news.

Way to report a story that amount no details and huge holes in the facts. Pretty pathetic.

Nothing like getting little snippets of a story....................good going Yahoo!

I think this lady has been watching too much tv and movies.  It is sad that she included her daughter in her fantasy land.Busted!

And her motivation would be...?

Ms. Pimple chin.

So texting someone and simply saying "help me" is a crime?

White trash is as white trash does.  Woman is a psycho hose beast, ex husband arrested for forgery AND a history of violence.   Nice.The good news is the child is a girl.   Messed up boys become killers/rapists/etc.  Messed up girls become strippers/porn stars.

people can say what you want, but i was the "nice guy" that always came in last. i dropped that persona and became the "bad boy" around town. i started using and abusing women, and they loved me for it. women say "why can't i find a good man", simple, it's because you don't acknowledge them, you go after the bad boy types so you can mope around with your BFF after the relationship fails and y'all can indulge in one another's self pity. i'll continue my path of the bad boy role, give you what you seek and let those good guys finish last, like they always do. -that's how i roll.

I get this is Yahoo that we're dealing with but I don't see anything in this article that tells me she staged her own abduction? Its all likely been taken out of context..Help me...(this dude's driving me nuts) No I'm not okay (I'm in a #$%$ mood)..When they found her she was fine so that whole 'sounded scripted' thing was just someone's paranoid perception...

I feel sorry for the guy cause if she's nuts then she probably made faults allegations on him for DV too.

To a horse all grasses look the same...it's just the other side of the fence that kills them

Can't these people living in the Midwest live sanely?  These people are constantly involved in wacky behavior.  It must be because of always having to angle their necks in the direction of the sky seeing if a tornado is headed their way. Maybe it closes off the blood supply to their brain...I don't know-just a lot of weird stuff going on there.  Anybody else feel the way I do?Why do people keep trying this stunt.  When you fake it, you ALWAYS get busted.  100% of the time.

I bet she swallows.

LUCKY KID....................."mom" looks just like Casey Anthony

Was there an "Amber Alert"? Or is that only when men are involved?

The article mentions a history of domestic violence. I can't help but wonder if this woman was really just desperate and trying to get out of a bad situation. People can do crazy things when they feel threatened. Not saying that's the case, but it sure makes me wonder. Either way, I feel really sorry for that poor little girl.

Another crack addict  seeking attention

I don't see anything that would indicate an abduction.

Typical woman crying wolf to get what she wants.

Seem's very very fishy to me, Give her the BOOKS JUDGE

Look at me!!!!I hate attention seekers!

The woman is nuts, she needs a mental facility not a jail cell! Poor kid has a loser for a mother and father!

The sad part is the fact that this has become the norm for the typical conservative American white woman. She's a self centered immature whining never worked a day in her life wench and not worth the B movie and box wine it took some uneducated tattooed freak to bed her.

Okay pull this stuff I don't care but dont have a child and put them through your immature and stupid #$%$. Now she is probably sitting in some scary state facility wondering where her mom and dad are.......this just shows that anybody can have a child, but doesn't mean they should.

When was the abduction?

Her boyfriend needs to be the one who runs....from her. I feel bad for her child. Hopefully, she will be placed permanently in a good home and neither biological parent will know where. They're both nuts.

I feel sorry for the little baby, having a psycho mom!!!

Sounds to me like the ex is making her say she made it up since he is in trouble already for forgery.

Sounds like she wanted to get back together with the ex, but wanted to keep the boyfriend in the wings. Boyfriend should run and never look back. Poor baby girl lost both parents because they are selfish morons.

Maybe I'm missing something, but how did she "fake her own abduction"? The autorities are the ones who speculated that she may have been abducted by her ex, I don't see where she did anything to justify that. She sent a "help me" text, she didn't say what she needed help with, nor did she say she was being held against her will. She said she was okay during one phone call, since when is it illegal to speak in a monotone form to where it "sounds like she was reading from a script"? Either this is horrible reporting or a complete waste of tax payers money.Maybe the mom was having mental breakdown since there had been a history of domestic abuse. I hope there is more to the story than what is being reported.

Why are white women always faking abductions? LOL!

So she wasted the resources of the police department because she is selfish. Nice

Somebody has issues and needs A LOT of attention,  :/

Maybe they can find a relative to raise the little girl that has an IQ. Poor little thing.

It is a shame the child has to live with her

Where and when did she claim that she was abducted? She told the bf she was ok but he didn't believe her.

Sounds like a sketchy way to dump a guy. Maybe she didn't think he would call police. Or maybe her ex threatened her into going with him and now she is too scared to report it.

Two words STUPID #$%$

~ I blame gunsanother insane crazy woman!!! what a tool!

"The child was placed in state custody." Now this poor child is with complete strangers without a clue about what is going on.  Why must people drag innocent children into their stupid schemes?

Story has a lot of missing pieces...more to this

yahoo please do not post stories that having missing facts and what nots I click to read an article and is left more bewildered than before I read it

I don't understand.  She faked an abduction to what end? And that was based on a text that said "help me"?  Then she called the boyfriend and said she was ok.  And she was with her ex husband?

Drugs!

That poor little girl is now the one suffering for her stupid moms mistake.. i really wish people would think things through when they have kids.

I smell Gloria Allred.

what a dumb #$%$

She probably also lied about the domestic violence for attention.  Give that man (the ex) his child back!to all you single guys out there.. stay away from crazy chicks.. unless you like drama..

She will get some dum #$%$ lideral feminist LAWER  that will say go on the news and tell he sad BS sob story and the MEDIA will fall for it like they aways do and the judge will let her go.Because Woman never LIE do they? RIGHT.LOL

Lacking  any originality!  Wasn't the Muslim wife &amp; community college student, who sent a "help me" text, from north of KCMO also?  At least the child is now in safer hands.

OK so what in the world could her motivation possibly have been?!

Wow, she's only 28? She looks at least 35.

U cant fix stupid on this one!!!!!

There's a strong instinct to say the kid has no chance with two criminal parents, but you never know with some kids.  Hop she can rise above it.

Uhhh was this for fun? To get away from her BF? Was her ex making her do this?Poor little girl.....

Where is the crime? Sounds like the three (mother, ex husband and current boyfriend) are simply having some "relationship" issues. The Mom didn't report an abduction, she didn't ask for help from strangers, she only sent messages of a personal nature to her boyfriend. Unless Yahoo is only giving us half the story, there's nothing here.

Know whut we do to little tarts like this Jezabelle back in Hooten Holler? Her kinfolk would take a Hickory switch to her bare bottom faster n Jethrow puttin down a plate piled with pancakes!end it now.  You have no investment in that relationship and it will only get worse.

If you are going to fake an abduction at least take the opportunity to get aliens involved...it is only courteous.

I've seen this move too.

What a nutjob. There are much better ways of getting attention. Who knows how many people were genuinely concerned for the safety of this woman and her little girl. She should be ashamed.

I feel this story is missing a bunch of pieces to the puzzle. I guess I would have to know the woman to know the real truth.

Just another dumb, fat broad craving attention. With any luck this sweet girl will never be with her 'parents' (I use that word loosely) again - it's her only chance at a normal life.

sad thing is she took officers off of real cases that had a time crunch or that needed the extra manpower. I hope that here being a dumb #$%$ didn't cost someone there life..... its a shame

There's more holes in this story than in a 1980s pair of acid wash jeans...I've read it twice and still don't quite understand what happened. Especially the last 3 paragraphs/sentences. They ended the story, told us everyone was in some type of custody, then they go back to her being at the desk at the motel and leaving before the police got there. It makes no sense. This is really shoddy "journalism".

Another Casey A.

man oh man, is she nutz?This story has more holes than Jodi Arias.

Seems the boyfriend was really concerned for them both, she may have lost a good man for a dumb stunt.

Can they expand on the story?

White trash and crazy as a hoot owl!  Zoe(e) indeed!

Automatic thumbs down to the so called "top contributors" its rigged.

Another stupid drama queen.

That is tragic that the woman would risk having her child taken into state custody.  What on earth would motivate a woman to do such a thing?

This will undoubtedly turn into Jodi Arias, part 2.

What a dumb #$%$!  Just out,,,, with the "Crazies!",,,,,,

I still don't understand y she faked it there...there's gotta b more 2 this story......im glad the lil girl  is okwomen!!

Typical American mom.

Fell sorry for the kid, the parents sound like real losers

from this article, I don't  see where she faked anything.  There msut be more to the story.  She called her ex and said "help me."  About what??  does not say!  She called and said she was all right  - but sounded like she was reading off a script?  what does that mean?Everyone "assumed" she was abducted - and they are charging her for this.  That does not seem right.Hell, if I wanted a vacation and dsappearred for a week, called in adn said I was ok -- and you jump to conclusions - I could go to jail?/Something is missing here-- good journalism!

This woman stages a fake abduction and has to go to jail once they found her safe, yet Casey Anthony walked free for killing her own daughter once they found the body. This woman should have lived in Florida, she would have gotten off scott free. You really have to love the laws that are made to protect us, there are always double sides.

Sounds like a cry for help to me... mental issue perhaps...

typical drama queen woman, they're all the same, good for only one thing....

That boyfriend should just move on. Hmmmm let me see, not very attractive mother of one child, lying to you for some unknown reason, while hanging with a domestically abusive ex-husband who is wanted on a forgery warrant. Put the running shoes on and sprint for it boy! White trash is soooooo much more interesting than black or latin trash!

Ain't nobody got time for that!

Sounds to me that momma is a slup who wanted a little X and got caught.. Maybe a little jail time will be a wake up call for her. This child needs to be with someone who truely cares about her. Clearly Mom is not the one.Wonder if she was just trying to get away and with all of the phone calls was getting annoyed...

white trash

It is getting weird all over. People faking abductions, people out to murder masses and a whole lot more. Just what the heck are they putting in the water?

Good that the child is in protective custody. This idiotic person does not posess the mental capacity to grasp the responsibility of being a parent if she would concoct such a story.

I agree with Norm.  Unless it was not reported, she did not tell anyone she had been abducted.  If any filed a false claim of abduction, it was the boyfriend.  He is the one who called the police.

sounds like someone needs a lot of attention, maybe she should get a new boyfriend.

She is a very sick person, Yes she does need help!  Maybe she will get it in jail.I pray for the lil girl and the other family members who have to live with this.... They may need help too......

Another unfit mother

Some people are just so desperate for fame!

Outstanding forgery warrant?  Lady, you sleep with dogs you get flea's. Some you can get rid of and others not so easily.Very glad they are safe but perhaps this kid would be better off with a grandparent, aunt or uncle for the time bieng.

This poor innocent child is a victim of having idiot re(d)ne(c)k parents...What chance in life does this child have with 2 low-life loser criminal parents??...This must be the South!!

Why?

Sounds like the boyfriend needs to get a new girl.

Maybe Lindsey Lohen should do this, so she might actually serve jail time.

Whats wrong with this woman?

I would have found an alien abduction more believable...

Yahoo, can you please hire me to start writing your articles for you??? I promise I will be much better than most of your current employees and more people would actually enjoy reading the articles.

I dunno ... something really weird about this.

she should have to serve the same jail time....that her "so called" aductor would have had to......That's messed up,there are real  missing people out there in trouble,and because she wants attention she has people looking for someone in trouble when she's fine get a life!!!

Great an idiot that this child will have to look up to.

Are all southerners fat and stupid?

Mostly suffered are children..

What?  I'm very confused!!!

What's wrong with people?

Next stop after jail, Jerry Springer!

Single women in their 20s with kids generally have more baggage than they can handle. My advice...avoid them like the plague!!!

Another styupid choice made by a parent and now the little one pays for their stupidity--

white trash.where is the part where she faked abduction? was it the help me or the part where she said she was fine.  the guy said it sounded like she was reading from a script, that doesn't mean she was.

Throw her dumb #$%$ in prison for a couple of years. it's idiots like this that cry wolf seriously affect real situations in the long run. sterilize her as well so this idiot doesn't reproduce anymore.

In future news, some moron gives mommy faker a book deal.

Uneducated poor white trash names their children names they spell "OFF"

Dirty she faked having 2 run from a bad ex, when some had 2 do it 4 real

This broad is crazier than a sh**%%+thouse rat!

Mommy wants sauce.

Message to all young men out there. See this tool? This is your girlfriend after you get her pregnant. Do yourself a favor and shoot yourself in the junk... kids are not what they are cracked up to be... I have three that have turned into pretty good adults, and I tell them to NOT make the same mistake I did... avoid having kids, they are double edged sword if ever there was one.

I'm sure there is more to the story because this doesn't sound like an abduction story faked, this sounds like a woman in crisis disappearing in reaction to her crisis. Nowhere does it say she said she was abducted, just that events occurred that might be construed as an abduction, though they could have been natural parts of other types of crises.

Poor baby ended up in state care because the mother is a psycho that is starved for attention.I don't get it. She never told her boyfriend she was abducted. She sent him a text that said "help me". I send texts that say help me to my husband when I'm dealing with someone stupid or jerky, and I'm usually meaning it like 'lord help me this person is so wacked I gotta share.' Then she calls him and tells him everything is fine, but he decides she sounds funny. Then he calls her when she is at the front desk and she says she can't talk now, he asks her if she's ok and then she says no. If I was at the front desk and I disagreed about the bill I would also say I can't talk right now and that I'm not ok. Nothing that this article says points to her pretending to be kidnapped, so what did the story leave out? Whatever it was must have been very important.

I dont see proof she made this up.I guess I am missing something. She texts for help then the motel lady says she reported she couldnt talk and not ok. What makes someone think the ex is holding or may be threating. Most people have NO clue what it is like to have someone in control over them and afraid. I thik before ANYONE passes judgment they need to know the facts and NOT this chopped up report.....

I'm trying to figure out what law did she break?  I'm *guessing* because the article doesn't say....that whatever "script" she said to the boyfriend indicated such but since the story doesn't tell us squat, I'm left wondering.  How can you be arrested for saying help me? That's a broad thing...

Have you ever been to Missouri? Heck, I'd WANT to be kidnapped and spirited away from that State!

Ok, am I the only one that have this understanding: - The woman and her kids were with her ex which was known to be violent and authorities believed that '  they could be in danger because of a history of domestic violence, Chariton County Sheriff Chris Hughes said.' .....And THEN she sent a text saying 'help me' and sounded as if reading a script, and said 'no' when the sheriff asked if she's ok..and this is WHILE SHE'S WITH A VIOLENT EX. You never even thought of the possibility that she's forcibly 'invited' to join the ex husband at the motel?? and thats why she was wanted help and scared to tell the truth knowing how dangerous her ex is?  And you all just saying she's to blame, she's spoiled and asking for attention, she should be in jail for faking her abduction??

sounjds to me like  a  drug  binge  of some  sort.   i  would guess  meth!  and of course she will get  off lighty.

poor child.....hope they find a decent home for her

I don't know what's more despicable this article or the mom

Why is every stupid,crazy thing white people do news!!!

Theres no meth involved anywhere in this I bet,They need to charge her with kidnapping too. If the father did this, he would have been charged. I am so sick of this double standard !!!!

my head is spinning on this one....call an exorcist

What a dumb broad.

"Zoee." Poor kid clearly never had a chance.

Old Rachel here has a few issues. And what's with the extra "e" in "Zoe"?

too many made for tv movies for her huh lol

So, you're tearing a family apart, because the parents are idiots. Why not just fine them, and make them do counseling and community service?

what a maroon

Pathetic

At least she didn't blame that "man" Susan Smith blamed for kidnapping her children that she had murdered!gawtdayam she's 28? i thought 40ish

I think they ended this news story in the middle.

Why?  That's my only question!  I live in Kansas City, MO and there is always something silly going on that ends up on the national news...can we for once be recognized for something sensible??  So embarrassing!

Many posters should be sure of their spelling and syntax before talking about this woman being uneducated, etc.  Look in the mirror.

If her last name was Lohan... no arrest, no fine, 200 day sentence of which she would do 6 hours...

5 will get you 50 she was banging her ex.

This woman should be made to pay for every expense that went into looking for her! Women like her make it hard for people who really do have this problem and she should be made to pay in money and in some jail time. Moronic person. Perhaps she isnt the best one to be taking care of that child either!

What can be so wrong in these people's lives that they have to act out in such desperation for attention?What is so wrong in these people's brains that they have to act out in such desperation for attention?

Ok so the lady basically ran off with her abusive ex husband and then lied about it to her boyfriend by making up an abduction story. Now her child is in state custody without parents because of her stupidity. Damn is this is what we've become of, jeez.

It's obvious that she wanted to get back together with her ex and didn't have the guts to talk to him and tell it to his face.Sounds like she was trying to avoid the forgery charge court appearence which most likely none of her family knew about.

Who wrote this article? Omg!!!

I suspected it was a fake abduction when they first reported them missing. Nut job.

i dont think i`d want her back after she lied and ran off with her ex..good riddance

And what was the reason for faking her own kidnapping?

She will NEVER spend another day in jail. She is going to cry whine and some advocate will  speak on her behalf indicating the child should not suffer because of her parents foolishness and that the child should not go to foster care but let her mom stay out to care for her. She will get probation and told to stay out of trouble. Trust me on this one. OR better yet look at the history of how the system coddles mothers. She needs to be placed UNDER the jail cell. Heaven help the child AND the boyfriend.

Seriously why do people have to drag kids into their own weirdo drama?

What ever happened to WHO, WHAT, WHY, WHEN, and HOW?  These Yahoo articles are horrific!!!  And, for those of you that ended up in the "grammar nazi thread" . . .while I do not profess to be perfect, I do try to spell correctly, I do begin sentences with a capital letter, and I do throw in some punctuation where I think it belongs.  It is scary to me how awful the spelling and grammar from grown adults has become.  It's like they aren't even trying!  Come on now????  Doesn't everyone know that sentences start with a capital letter???  I've seen entire paragraphs with NO punctuation.  Not a single period.  Typo's are one thing.  No one is perfect.  But, at least TRY people!!!!

Just like the Arias trial.  that piece of shi- shoots her boyfriend multiple times, stabs him over 20 times, slits his throat to the depth of his spinal cord and the #$%$ running this case on national television are treating her case like a 3-ring circus.  If that had happened to my son, the piece of garbage on trial wouldn't know what hit her.

sent a txt message saying help me is not an kidnapping but they didnt say what she said when she called her boyfriend i just dont see a case here but being from im from missouri the great ole show me state they'll prosecute for anythingFinally, one of these stories this that isn't coming out of Florida

Just another total nut running around among us ... HELP!!!!!

What the @#$? I don't get it. Am I the only one???

There was a Dateline last year about a woman who faked her own abduction to get ransom money from her rich husband. Maybe that's what this girl was trying to do to her boyfriend.

Just from the facts in this article, the charges seem a little thin.  Texting 'help me' and saying you aren't alright doesn't seem to translate into criminal abduction fraud.  Unless there are a pile of facts the article missed....

Sad day for this mentally disturbed person.  She is misguided and in need of serious therapy to get to her the root of her problem.  DR. PHIL...you there?

Why on earth would someone fake an abduction? Just leave if you're un happy! You're an adult and have that right!

People should have to get a permit to have a child.  Obviously these two wouldn't pass the test.  I just hope they're too stupid to find the polling place on election day.

Maybe I'm missing some information from this story?  From what it sounds like she didn't outright 'fabricate' anything as all of the assumptions about her safety were made by the boyfriend.   A text stating 'help me' could mean a million things and does not only translate to 'I'm being abducted'.  Leaving a boyfriend is not a crime especially when he isn't the child's father and does not require prior conversation nor permission.  He THOUGHT she 'sounded' like she was reading from a script well just because he THOUGHT that doesn't make it a reality. When he reached her again, she stated she couldn't talk but didn't indicate it was because someone was stopping her and telling someone you are not ok doesn't mean abducted either.  It could mean 'No, I left and you are bothering me and  I need my space'.  So, what is missing from the information?

now, why would she make up a story like that?Always the children who pay

who is to say she is not afraid of her ex , but went a long with him.   I know someone who had a gun at her back while the police was asking her if she was ok.  they never took the time to pull the guy away from her and then ask

What a nut job! As sad as it is to be in the system that child will be better off without the abusive, forgery artist, and his oh so unstable ex wife.

why would you put your kid thru that...di u do it cuz  u wanted to go back to your abusive ex or trying to get the boyfriend jealous and prove his love..more to this story here..the ONLY VICTIM here is that child

Hey i just met you and this sounds crazy so let me fake abduction now whos crazy?

This is just a great waste of resources and time! People go missing every day and are never found. I hope she gets jail time for this. Just stupid...

crazy must be contagious...people seem to be losing their minds all the time now.  such a strange story, I feel for that child.  she is the one most hurt by all this.

when she talked to her boyfriend by phone she said everything was okay. maybe the text of help me was just that and not a someone kidnapped me. I don't see anything here that says/shows she was kidnapped.

OH  and Boyfriend DON't take her LYING #$%$ back. You will be a FOOL!!!!!!!!

and now you know why birth control is an absolute necessity.When the Left's BFF and ally in the destruction of traditional Western society and culture finally takes over, they've a cure under Sharia law for all those wacky females. The pen, with the rest of the chattel.

She wanted the attention, plain and simple. Well she's gonna get alot of it at trial.

They look so ugly, it's not even funny.

If I was a child I would much rather be with my mom than be with some strangers who work for the government. They think this helps the child, but it really doesn't. The only cases I see is if the parent physically or mentally abuses the child, neither of which happened here.

I'm still wondering why this is being called "a fake abduction" so she txt her boyfriend saying help me and called him from a hotel? Last I knew cheating (unfortunatly) isn't a crime or an abduction.

The child needs to be removed from this sick womans custody, charges filed and bills sent to her for the time and energy that she expended on the police to look for her and community service as well.  Also mandatory therapy.

I hate to say this but the girl and her ex-husband deserve each other. I feel bad for the boy friend who actually cared enough to worry for her and look for her. Also the story sounds a bit fishy to me. Who knows what really happened

What a #$%$ Get a hobby or something girl lol

This story doesn't make sense...how did she fake her own abduction? She just sounds like  a drama queen, but I don't see the criminal activity?

This whack job can not only have children, she can also vote and own an assault weapon. Kinda gives you that safe, warm and fuzzy feeling doesn't it?I'm sorry to say this but she is a stupid B***h!! Now her daughter is in state custody..smh! #$%$ is wrong with people nowadays??? Just seems like people are getting crazier by the minute.

little zoee needs a better role model.

I don't see how she fabricated a story of an abduction. She texted her boyfriend "help me" and the authorities GUESSED she was with an ex because of a history. She never said she was kidnapped, or abducted, or he took her or anything. Sounds like she's mentally ill, and maybe needed help, but sure doesn't sound like she ever said she was kidnapped. But yeah, she's definately #$%$ crazy. And the ex is a homeless, jobless, abusive #$%$, so who gets the kid? Some people shouldn't breed.

Its gunna end up like the boy who cried wolf...one day her and her daughter may get abducted, but no one will believe her, and its her daughter that will suffer for her mothers idiocy

With crazy loony women like HER on the loose, I'm glad I'm still single!

Another Jerry Springer episode in the making!

All you doubters are missing the fact that she spoke with Sheriff Hughes on the phone at the motel.  He no doubt said something like, "We have been told that you are being held against your will.  Is that correct?"  And then she replied that she was not okay and could not talk.  That is it.  That is what so many of you are ignoring from the article.  Hughes was mentioned 8 times in the article.  However, the title of sherrif was only used once (at the beginning).  The editor should have kept hitting that sheriff title.  His name got lost in the shuffle with the other people in the story.

Why is the little girl in care of the state and not family? The mom needs mental health treatment.

Stupid people shouldn't even TRY to commit crimes. They always get caught.

Drama thirsty pig!Its very sad when a child has to pay for their parents stupidity. They don't ask for this.

Sad??  i say good, that kid is better off on her own than with parents that are willing to do that to her..

i feel bad for the child, now she has her mother's reputation on her back from elementary school through high school.

the runaway bride, ballon boy hoax, manti teo hoax and now this?? man people are crazy and they find the weirdest things to make the hoaxes about.

She did this for attention and for the sympathy and donations that always come in for this kind of thing. Either that or she wanted to get back with her ex and was afraid of her boyfriend.

nuts!!!

I dont think parents understand they're actions always involve the children, her antic got her child placed in other care. poeple are really stupid sometimes

crazy lady.

trailer trash crazy #$%$ probably on meth

This story makes no sense...something....or some facts are missing here....This lady has major psych issues!!!  It's sad that a child has to pay for mom's ignorance.

hoism at its best.

Am I the only one who is confused by "located all three"? I thought they were only looking for mom and daughter?

Way to go. Now the kid has no parents.

Nut case wait to get married when you are ready and relationships and having kids should be based on love not sex. and we wonder whats wrong with the world. 60% divorce rate and kids growing up  in broken homes is where the mess starts.

Nutjob!

Poor little girl-she will be the one who looses the most.

Good Lord I swear there should be some sanity test you have to pass to become a mother/parent. What is WRONG with these people????

hmmm so much missing from the story...

She's a sick idiot.i don't understand these parents who would actually put thier children thru this.. so sad..

Should not be saying anything til you know the truth. Wow why would any one be saying anything about color grow up.

The woman was beng deliberately  evasive,,,, the child is better off without her, and so is the husband and boyfriend. What  fractured  relationships. She needs therapy.

mean while it is a teacher in new orleans that really missing and no one care unless the local news dont have to much to report on

White trash day to day activities.

something's missing here.

I love my simple life

The article tells nothing about what the woman said. Well, she said no. So did she actualy say she was kidnapped or did they just speculate? I have better luck reading my 11 year olds essay's. I am not a english major. Did I misss something?

poor little girl.

Who knows maybe she was blackmail by exhusband or someone lets not judge her there still peices missing...The minute the cops got involved it became a crime , surprized they could bother themselves !

Author didn't edit his/her work. Looks terrible.

this sounds like there is a lot not is NOT being said .. like she was confused and was thying to figure out who she wanted to be with. she never reported she was abducted the boy friend did

I don't get it?!?!?   There isn't a single line in this stupid story that indicates she was "missing" or "abducted".  I guess the assumption is the boyfriend reported her missing.  THAT single statement might have clarified it.

I feel there is way more to this story then what we are reading ?????

Dumb #$%$ Asking for More Attention!! DRAMA!

What a total looser she is, making up stories. just to make people worry about her.

"...the Brookfield area, about 100 miles northwest of Kansas City".You are now in Nebraska, not Missouri. Brookfield is northEAST of Kansas City.

Based on what was presented in the article, there is no crime here.  Just cops who assumed the woman was abducted.

Why didn't the child go with her father?Seems like many women seek the security they feel they can have with someone   Problem being that normally is not in and by itself a secure idea. Also she might have given herself away in hopes of being loved

i wonder what was her reason for that ?

This seems fishy.. There's some stuff missing from this.

So she lied about being abducted by aliens from outer space

I dont understand why she got arrested.  She didn't call the police.  She didn't report herself missing to anyone.  She is free to do and say as she chooses.  Probably was getting laid from the ex.

further proof that straight people do not make good parents.

People like this sould not be aload to bread.

Crazy isnt the word for this whole ordeal.Time and money wasted for yet another hoax.Some one should pay for it and not you and I.I hope they can find charges against the two of them and make em stick.

poor kid.. in state custody..the biggest crime here

A woman who lies?????????????????????????????????????????????? HOW can that BE?????????????????????I wish they would check their facts more before running stories like this.  Brookfield is around 100 miles northEAST of Kansas City, not northWEST!  And to the people that are saying there are holes in this story, that is what was being reported on the local news, so that may be all they know about this so far.

What an attention seeking kook.

Now her kid is in the system. She really thought of her daughter first didnt she.Boyfreind must of treated her to good

what a tool

This poor little girl has some crazy parents. She needs to be in a good home.

I'm not sure but I think her "mug" is the one that's been posted in St. Louis "rants &amp; raves" on Craigslist these last couple of months. She's allegedly a con artist and people are warned to beware of her antics. Not 100% but definitely feel 90% sure about it.

So..she ran off with a black guy....!?

Wow, this is a very poorly written story. I read the whole thing and still don't understand what happened. Doesn't sound like she faked being abducted. Just sounds like she left to see her ex and was acting shady not wanting her boyfriend to find out.

Sounds to me like she was trying to get away from the boyfriend and was intentionally vague to throw off she was leaving him; and sounds like when he finally figured it out, he contacted police to get her in trouble and take away her kid.  It definately doesn't sound like she was faking an abduction based on a "help me" text which could mean anything, i.e., help me have time to myself for a while, or in some similar context.  Also, not wanting to be tracked down at the motel she was staying at (how did he know just where to cal and speak to the desk manager?  All she did was say she couldn't talk right now and when he asked if she was ok, she could have meant, "no, I'm not ok", it could have meant with whatever relationship problems they were having.  This does not seem a basis for arresting her and taking her kid away on some phoney faking abduction case.  Bet she was trying to leave her boyfriend and he called the cops to get her back.

Another narcissist in need of attention.  She should be committed and the child taken from her.Humm, history of DV, makes me wonder how much of that was 'staged'Some women think they have no responsibility, she was probably using the daughter as a club to beat him... and this has surely torn him, after all who do you think the cops spent the first 48 interrogating

Crazy beotch

Women like this is why rape isn't taken seriously. Women have got to stop making up stories to get back at men. Abduction, rape, domestic violence--women are notorious liars.

People who do this should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law....So many legitimate missing people out there and Idiots like this take up  resources that are needed for real cases!!!!!!

Ridiculous

It sounds to me like she WAS in trouble, and its a good thing they found her. How do they get that she made it all up?? "help me", NO everything is NOT ok, missing 4 days, how is this a fake abduction? She doesn't want to get him madder than hell, so she took the heat. At least the baby girl is safe, and even if mom is in jail, he can't hurt her there.

tHIS IS HOW WOMEN ARE THEY DONT CARE WHAT KIND OF HELL THEY PUT A MAN THROUGH. gIVE THE DAD CUSTODY AND LOCK THE #$%$ AWAY. NO HOUSE OR ANYTHING FOR YOU #$%$.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Ambassador~

OK no justice here.  Lohan can do all sorts of stuff and always gets off scott free and again the same has happened and this lady just wanted to be with her ex and HIS daughter and I don't see whats wrong with that.  There is a lot not being told here and now they put the child in the hands of the State and she will put with who know what or whom.. They aren't always put in better homes either.  Let's have the whole story YAHOO.

Hard to believe the boyfriend didn't realize she was a little touched before he had a child with her.You can't be that insane and not give off some warning signs.

Dang if she wants attention that bad just troll on Facebook like I do. lolI love psycho women for short periods of time.  All you dudes know what I'm talking about...

What evidence do they have of an alleged kidnapping? Just because she was with her ex husband who is abusive, and told her boyfriend she could be in trouble. I don't really see how two parents can kidnad their own kid, or themselves. It just sounds kind of fishy and stupid.

Am I the only one who doesn't follow this at all? Fake abduction by saying help me and no i'm not okay? Abductions are about ransom and kidnapping are they not? Welcome to the land of the AmeriKKKa Prison Planet.

I was expecting a colored person :/ Alas, it is a white :(

Hmm, women by law are allowed to commit parental kidnapping as long as they avoid service of legitimation. Men can't file parental kidnapping unless he's granted a sole custody order...She shouldn't be punished when the laws allow such cause of actions.

As someone who has followed this since they turned up missing (as I live in the area, family and friends were very frightened because they did think she and her daughter were missing and in danger) I think the story gives up about what the public needs to know at this point.  There is still an ongoing investigation into her motives.  Whatever her motives were, there are people that are going to try to get her some help.  There are a lot of details left out of the media on purpose - so that the investigation isn't compromised and so the family can live without the media and public making things worse. Her daughter is safe. The ex-husband she ran with has a history of domestic violence, including recent charges with another girlfriend.  Who knows if drugs were involved.  Who knows what her mental health state is.  The only thing that really matters is that the daughter is safe.

what are the benefits to faking abduction? no sarcasm intended

Dumb dumb dumb

Maybe she was running from the purple people eater?

Who knows what was going on for real, may be she is really in a stressful situation, and that's her way  to get attention.  A wrong one obviously, due to the legal problems she'll face from now on, but nobody can tell what's in other people's mind and heart.I was crying all last week about this and now I feel like I have been violated by this woman. I will never believe a story like this again. I feel so ashamed

This is how mental illness goes unrecognized in this country.  This woman, from what I got out of the story was disturbed obviously for some reason or another, maybe she was stressed out, maybe she has a chemical inbalance in her brain, that she was born with like myself, I am bi-polar, I have had 4 major nervous breakdowns, due to stress, abusive men, abusive bosses, traffic, watching too much news, the list can go on and on and on. I wouldn't take my meds for years, but finally after I did, and I have a wonderful life today, I'm a great mother, and grandmother. I'm a law abiding citizen, I am a productive member to society., So, before the news or anyone should say this lady "faked" anything , they should get the facts first. I no more ask to be born with a chemical inbalance , than someone that is born with any other kind of illness, I wouldn't wish the hell I've gone through, in those nervous breakdowns on anyone.  It is a illness, and there is a solution it's called compassion and love from other people and Medications, and I thank my family for never giving up on me, because you sure aren't going to get any help from your everyday folks, because everybody wants to push mental health problems ,under the rug, ssh, the nieghbor might know, ssshh, don't tell the boss, you might get fired, on and on and on, , it's just like when AIDS first came out, like a plague or something, wake up people.

Stupid

Wow... what's in the drinking water out there!? Seems that some "adults" (too many these days) never quite reach adulthood... do they?

Wow... what's in the drinking water out there!? Seems that some "adults" (too many these days) never quite reach adulthood... do they?

What was the point of doing this? Did I miss something? People are nuts!

send her the bill.

Once again the child has to pay for the parent's stupidity; but doesn't it seem like there are a lot of unanswered questions? It's like reading a book where they forgot to have an ending.

this is a slap in the face for those poor families who have to deal with the real thing

It's unfortunate that poor Zoee comes from such a shallow gene pool.So....you're only 'OK' if the police say you're ok? Something missing.

i guess there is more evidence they are not talking about because that was a weak reason to charge her with faking an abduction. A help me text, and a call that sounded scripted plus the word no to the question are you ok. There has to be more to it, if the charges are going to stick.

She's going to get off easy...sad to say, but true. Let's see how this plays out..

All for a book deal or a movie deal.  What a big fail!

The story makes no sence!

why the #$%$ would you have kids when you can't take care of them! if you can't take care of yourself, bringing another human being in this world will not make things great, it'll make things worse! poor baby girl!

They tell us that she faked her abduction but they don't tell us why they think it. Am I supposed to believe that really happened just because they said it did?

STUPID MOTHER!!!!! The boyfriend seems more mature than her!

this story has no word of abduction, it was assumed abduction, koeschner did not say she was abducted, only that she needed help, maybe she was on drugs or something else was going on, so what was fabricated hmmmm.

What is the world coming to?help me is right

"Hello there, Ms. Washington......Would you like to maybe accompany me to a movie, maybe dinner and some sexual intercourse of the chosen variety?"I got this.

shes taking lessons from casey anthony

She has the crazy eye stare going on. Crazy and the devil made her do it.

that B is crazeee... advice to the boyfriend: "Run Forrest Run"

She said 2 words how is that faking anything? No one tried to help her she was right her bf didnt care and didnt even look for her himself!!! But they all point and say she is bad, These are asumptions and untill 100% proven you are not guilty. She may have sent a text and some of it got deleted if she sent it at all. You dont know so dont shoot a inocent person.

She said 2 words how is that faking anything? No one tried to help her she was right her bf didnt care and didnt even look for her himself!!!

She is ill in the head

If she was running from her lesbian lover she'll be on the next season of Jerry Springer.

Pay attention folks.  She called in this fake abduction because the new boyfriend was about to kick her #$%$ to the curb.  She was also able to stick it to the ex because of his previous history.  Thought she could hit two birds with one stone.  Unfortunately, this stellar piece of trailer park trash didn't have the gray matter to figure it all out.  Drama, crazy and loser all rolled into one convenient trash package.  I feel so sorry for that child.  These breeders need to be sterilized to keep the gene pool intellect elevated.Hmmm maybe state sterilization programs aren't so bad!

I wonder was the sex worth jail time

DUMB JUST DUMB

Was it worth going through all the rigamore? They are behind bars with there kid taken from them. What a bunch of loosers for parents. I feel for the kid!  I was in State care and it not only is scarey and lonely but the State does not keep track of you! The daughter would be better off with a family member who has it together!!!!

hope she gets charged with reporting a false police report

stupid

Does this story confuse anyone else as much as it does me?So let me get this straight,if I get frustrated,lets say with my kids,and I am stressed and text my girlfriend saying just"help me",then I lose service and can't respond,then call her later and tell her i'm ok,I will be arrested for faking an abduction?What the heck..

oh my goodness. I wonder what happened to her to bring her to this point.She might have felt unloved and that nobody cared. I know how strange this may sound to people but, It must have been an extreme cry for help!

"handed her he phone"  *handed her the phone*

3 words: BPD (borderline personality disorder)I feel sorry for the kid some people don't care about the kids I'll be praying for the family

This comment is blocked by the administrator.

Why is the daughter's name exploited in this article? She can't be more than four years old.

How stupid can she be. For God sake you are a mother not a kid. Too old to be playing games.

Seeking attention at the expense of the tax payers is not going to be favorable...

Pray for that child he will survive.

Your child is taken away in State custody all because you wanted to have sex (I'm assuming) with your ex husband and couldn't find an excuse as to why you are gone so long. So fake your own abduction? WOW!

Don't they realize that this will probably scar their kid mentally???

I was sure the story was gonna end up saying a black guy abducted her.  White women like to use that line you know.     Good women are hard to find.  A rare commodity these days.

Wow, what a #$%$.She should have lied like the pro's do and say she was abducted by a Black man!

What on Earth is going on? Why didn't they elaborate on why she made the story up and left with her kid? Was she having a nervous breakdown? She eat too much LSD? I'm not understanding this story.

i am left wondering, why?

Help me I need a reality show and my 15 minutes of fame.So I say here we go,again.

Agrees with Norm!

maybe she was with the ex and didnt tell the current boyfriend where she was and he made it all up to get the police to find her so he could find out if she was with the Ex alot is missing from this story

And the one who suffers the most is the child. The kids father beats woman and the mother is crazy. #$%$ was this woman thinking?

I bet she spread her legs shaved her vagina and made the kid watch!!!

Now she's really gonna be missing...out on her daughters life. People need to think stuff thru before they make stupid decisions.

Nice parentshelp her alright, #$%$ nut.

yea

I have just kidnapped myself! now come arrest me

Because of her stupid actions, her child is in state custody.  That poor little girl...surrounded by such idiots.  Sadly, she might be better off away from her family.

she probably wanted attention, everybody wants attention these days and they would do just about anything to get it, its a shame that her daughter had to go through that, that woman deserves to face charges

Sounds like a couple of classy people.  Someone save that poor child!!

There is only one innocent person here and she is suffering the most.  Both parents locked up and she's with total strangers.  People don't think about the consequences of their actions and how their actions affect the most innocent important people in their lives. "THE KIDS'. Poor Zoee.

Sounds like she just had a one night stand with her EX and to keep from getting in trouble said she was in trouble. Well, now she is and she deserves it. Just goes to show, you can't trust "MOST" women. Not all, just most. And here comes the hateful replys.

I ran away once went I was 9, I can see the Yahoo Headline now, Boy 9, found dead....Actual story: boy ran away found dead tired when he got home.....What ever

Got busted getting her pooter smacked. Nice.Ok, she texted "help me" and later called and said everything is OK...  Either the article is missing some information, or she didn't fabricate any abduction story.

That sure is a crazy story.

I'm not a doctor..but judging by that nasty herpes-looking sore on her face....those dudes need to fling their mojo toward a clinic.

So the mom does wrong.. and the mom AND the daughter gets punished? Why the daughter? She didn't do anything she's too young to even understand what the hell is going on.. I can see why some comments point out there's a lot wrong with this story or rather case, and there can even be flaws in our own justice system yeah... However, a young girl in trouble because of the moms actions?  The mom should be punished but not the daughter.. Shes only 4!

What was you thinking??? Did it ever occur to you that you have put the children in jeopardy?? That's not cool..

It sounds to me like she might possibly be a hoe.

Sounds like she wanted to run away w/ her ex.  She the two of them planned this story.  Shame on her for putting her daughter &amp; others through this.  She should of just told her bf she no longer wanted to be with him.  But due to the domestic history w/ her ex, she made a bad choice to choose to go back to him.  Her bf should do himself a favor, get out &amp; stay out of a relationship w/ this women.

ok, i'm a little confused here. I dont see anything about an abduction story. She left her BF. Yea she texted help me but realistically she could have texted the wrong person. I see no proof that she was faking an abduction at all

She just wanted her 15 minutes of fame.

now the poor little girl has to suffer,sorry #$%$ parents need to be sterilizeddeceptive by nature

This is such an imcomplete story.Where is her side of the story?This seems like she just wanted to get away from him. Maybe he was abusive too. And was to scared to really answer him.

she  should get  life   for  fakinhg  her  dabudction

Wow that is just sad. Why would she do a stupid thing like that?

Story is full of holes...hope there's a lot more to it than I see here...sounds really nuts and strange across the board.  Either way, it breaks my heart that this poor little girl is now in state custody due to her wack-o mother...

Crazy!!

Very sick woman.

On Lifetimne, it's always an evil (pick one) ex-husband, boyfriend, male stranger who is to blame. So let's not be too quick to judge, mkay?

the womans like these keep creating babies,and generation after generation the crazie babies are now taking over.......this all started with the hippy womans,not its a epidimic

Lunaticshe was abducted by her own ghost

Wait, but why is she getting charged? Unless I'm reading this story wrong, nowhere did she say I've been kidnapped. She said Help Me but that could mean two different thing. Her boyfriend called the police, not her. She's a dumb a*s for sure but why is she being charged? When is it a crime to lie to your boyfriend and take your own child.

"Those People"........just trash!!

she never said she was kidnapped she texted help me maybe she wasnt okay maybe she was depressed or upset and wanted attention and just disappeared  for a while had to get away from stress unless they prove she was stating abduction then she shouldnt be arrested when he called her she said she was ok the boyfriend felt she was reading a script he believed she was kidnapped she never  insinuated she was and this child should not have been taken away from her mother for this unless there are further details stating otherwise but from what Im reading she did nothing wrong and she probably didnt see the news alert on tv because the child was watching cartoons

If she did this intentionally to get media attention, then she can get ready because she is going to get everything she bagain for, when she has a long, lengthy trial...  If she was trying to get away from her Ex, then she should have just left one day when he was out...  Now she faces the possibility of losing her daughter to CPS.

Between this,the Marquette female student who faked her obduction,the New Jersey mom who took her kid to Disney and was supposedly obducted leads me to believe white have a fascination with being kidnapped.

Should not be saying anything til you know the truth. Wow why would anyone be saying anything about color grow up. We know she is white and yes we can see you have a problem with color. If it comes out she didn't do this are you going to say sorry for all the #$%$ that your saying? Anyone who would say  a woman should be beat, well we know what you do.

Rachel Koechner needs to find something better than that to do with her time...

Those who call in 'fake' crimes and false 'crime reports' should be prosecuted because that is wrong and it is taking away from those that might need the help...BUT from the way the story reads it sounds like someone should have paid more attention and/or put a lot more effort into 'checking' this out before going crazy....I know with kids the amber alerts are very crucial...so the less meddling adults interfering with the 'investigation/search and rescue effort...the better....

Not very good at Hide n' Seek are we?just goes to prove women are dumb animals and must be beat in order to learn

Sad, so very sad.. Now the child has to be taken away, all because her Mom and Dad are STUPID!!! Maybe on DRUGS!!!!! Poor girl, God help this innocent little girl.

Ok this woman never reported that she was abducted so what are the charges?  It was actually her mother that reported it based on something her boyfriend said

This is such a poorly written article. And it is sad that children have to suffer at the hands of their parents.

The boyfriend just got the break of his life......now take it and dont look back!

knucklehead

What is with people! Poor kid!!!

Sounds like a story line for without a trace, but the writers need to work on the storyline some more! She probably thought all would be fine and she would just walk away. Basically she just ran away from her BF and back to the father of her child..Bad choices all the way around.

Ok why would they charged the mom with faking an abduction, she didn't officially call and say I've been kidnapped. Her family or boyfriend called the police.He spoke to her and said she was alright, and because he said it sounded as if she was reading a script it seemed suspect.I give the boyfriend thumbs up for caring enough and trying to do the right thing. But at the same token why charge her with anything and then take the child away.This is just awful.It may have been in bad taste what the mom did, but did it really have to break up a family

I'm betting this is another internet romance gone wrong.She's not married; Abducted from whom?? I'm confused as hell.

Bi+ch is CRAY!

#$%$???  Why???  I hate her. :/

Not quite Munchausen syndrome I suppose.

I was not well informed before or after i read this tale of stupidity.

Why???

Psycho!  Time for a head evaluation.

She is so stupid. What is she teaching her daughter. I mean really lady get your priorities straight and be a real mom. Get over yourself and get some help.

That is ridiculous. To know the consequences of the crime your about to commit and to put your child through that, and STILL do that crime...yes, she should get jail time. I'm sorry that the child has to suffer and go through the system because of her mother's choices, but prayers that she goes to a good home (one that will not teach her what her mother has been teaching her) is the best thing for her. Ignorant people, and the price the child(ren) has to pay for their parent's ignorance...plain stupidity.

Who were the "all three"?  Mom, kid, boyfriend?  Mom, kid, father?  Re-reading an article to make sure you understand it (hopefully) means that it's bad reporting and not a reflection of the reader...Wait, no weapons, no drugs, single mom feels there may be unresolved issues to address, or, gets the old-love blues and tries to reconnect with her child's father. During a potentially weak moment with ex, receives a text from her new love, escapes to the bathroom and texts "help me" (to know what is truly best for me and my child, to know who I truly love, to know what to do).  She goes back out with no clue her text would be extremely misunderstood. What laws were broke? The assumptions belong to media hype.  The facts may actually be nobody's business.  Where was the "child endangerment", the "criminal activity"?  Maybe the child wanted to see her real daddy, we don't know.  Nor is it any of our business  And she's in jail?  Her child taken into "custody"?  Fingerprinted and bodily searched? OMG!

When will Lifetime do a movie about her? Oh wait didn't kill anyone

HUGHES, the boyfriend is the one who said, "it said it sounded like she was reading off a script" ....when and where does the abduction come in????

Some people are seriously attention hogs.  And for no reason.

Crazy #$%$ alert!!!! Run Forrest Run!!!!

So the child was with both of the parents and they were staying at a hotel...how is that kidnapping? Sure family and friends might have been worried, it was rude, but it isn't against the law.

dang its crazy how #$%$ get attetion now a days

How, and why, do these people reproduce?

our country is getting nuttier by the second

I hope the abduction plot was worth her child going into state custody. Doesn't seem like such a great plot now!!She just left to F her husband and needed a lie to explain her weekend get away. She is  number one and idiot for fabricating the story and number two for sleeping with her ex husband and he use to kick her #$%$ and three for involving her child, she is indeed a dummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

WE DON'T NEED JERRY OR MAURY FOR THIS WE NEED STEVE!!!!!!!!!!!

women are always looking for attention

all related, different houses

I agree a lot is left out of this write up.I usually take up for yahoo but not this time.

and the saddest of all this is that child suffers all around now in state custody bc of a young stupid mom! smh.

Why do fat white girls always name their daughters Zoee?

Narcissistic Biaotch!

There's got to be an easier way to break up.

Women are always faking stuffSelfish narcisisstic m0r0n!

Munchausen syndrome.

no one read the boy the cried wolf to this crazy one? the things people will do to get attention!

the whole world is being taken over by nut jobs.

What the hell is wrong with some people?????

Was meth involved?

way to go yahoo again the story makes no sence

I'm not completely clear what she was trying to get out of this.  Attention?

#$%$!!!

This didn't smell right from the first reports. Ms Koechner is definitely out there. My Prayers are with the little girl. May the Lord be with her.did she actually say she was abducted? or did she just say she was not okay? maybe she does have emotional problems and needs help but I didn't read anywhere on here that she actually said her ex husband kidnapped her

All one can say.... Stupid woman!

can you say stupid american like 99.999% of this country is just plain #$%$ #$%$ stupid burn her #$%$ for 25 yrs in prison and that is for being stupid

Reminds me of the guy in New York (?) who faked his kidnapping to break up with his girlfriend. What was this gal trying to avoid? Disgraceful to all of the kidnapping victims who are never heard from again.

Some people's brains just get smaller by the day. What would make this person do something like this? I cant understand insanity.

I must have misread the article or some of the story was left out.  Sending a text that says"help me", does not mean someone is kidnapped, answering no to "is everything alright" does not mean you are kidnapped.  I did not read in there where she said save me, I have been kidnapped.  Actually it said she was reported as saying everything is ok.  Perhaps the boyfriend heard stress and felt like she was reading from a script, because he couldn't fathom, someone trying to stay away from him for a while.  I just am not seeing where she said she was in trouble/kidnapped.....

NOT national news worthy.. the attention w h o r e got what she wanted, that sucks

This case casts a suspicion on real kidnapping cases. So because of people like her a lot of real cases may not be solved because they were not believed when it happens. Its sad really. This woman has some real issues. She reminds me of high school and the things that girls do to make their relationship seem rocky to get attention.

she was stupid for doing that now her child is the one going to suffer because of another idot parent .......... I'm so tired of these women that have children then harm them or leave them for someone else to raise because they dont want to anymore due to some jackass that treats them like punching bags or even worse kill them just for being in the way of their happyness its is just crazy

Sounds like a quickie with the x,,,,,and she lied to cover it up.It's obvious she's lacking attention and in need of some help but to bring an innocent child into her shenanigans is absolutely not ok...I must say that there is more to this story and let's just wait for the whole story instead of passing judgement and pointing fingers...

Must be some desperate guys to nut up in her ...   F    T   W

so now your kid is with the State sad great job MOM!!!

#$%$ again.  Do these people live under rocks and think they can get away with anything?  I hope she gets help and never sees her kid again.  The child will be better off if he is in a safe home.  How dear she put her a child in a situation like this.  Lock her up and build more prisons.  Also, stop the sale of guns!!!!!!!!

muncheausin by proxy!!

Just be mindfull that there are 3 sides to every story. the news portrays things in order to get attention. Im from this area and know her and i highly doubt this is exactly how things played out!!

typical

crazy people.

This does not sound right at all. Where does she say she has been kidnapped? It sounds like her boyfriend over reacted and reported her missing. She even called him to say she was ok but she is the one arrested? I don't get this at all.

I'm confused...where is the abduction story she fabricated?  This story only says she text her boyfriend "help me". Something is missing...Seriously? Was it worth it? Apparently she didn't have things planned very well.If she wanted to be w/ her ex she should've just told the bf it was over and leave.That poor little girl to have such whacked out parents.I'm sure there's more to the story.

She probably got sick of her boyfriend and hated her ex so plotted to get both of them.

GIVEN THE DOG BONE!

sounds like Casey Anthony was behind this.  Come to think of it, we should bend over Casey Anthony and take turns on her sweeet little brown star!

crazy people like her always makes it hard for officers to believe some story.....abduction is not something you can joke or fake about its real and happen everyday.smh!! Since she pulled is type of foolishness how can police takes her serious when something really bad actually happen.

and this domestic situation is news worthy because .......??????

Story chock full of holes.  #$%$ reporting

white trash makes everybody else look good

wait a minute....I don't read anywhere in this story that she said she was abducted. I do see that she said "help me" but I have said that to people when I was with someone that I didn't want to be with and wanted to get out of a situation. Just seems a little far- fetched (or there are pieces missing from Yahoo's reporting) but it all seems quite innocent and certainly not a case that she informed "her boyfriend" or anyone else that she was in any danger.

missouri white trash who was just thinking about herself and not her daughtergreat, so now a little girl is in a strange home, separated from her family with her mom in jail.she's paying the price for something she didn't do.

Was this a desperate plea for attention from her boyfriend? It seems so since she sent him a message saying "help me" and didn't respond until days later with an "oh, I am ok." What is the world.Her boyfriend better take this as a sign of crazy and get the hell out of dodge. lol.

Wow, REALLY???

I bet she fakes orgasms too!

I knew what was wrong with this story as soon as I read the title..lol... She's from Missouri!!

lol

So she was arrested because she faked the abduction to her boyfriend? Is that what we are taking from this? Where is the crime? Is the crime that she wasted the time of the police? There has to be more to this story, or we are just dealing with a few people that are very unstable. I feel bad for the child.

We know what she did BUT we don't know what she's been through.

Someone isn't getting enough attention...

What a nut-case....who says we don't need insane asylums?Poor boyfriend..........Instead of say "look.....we need to break it off."

So her EX was (is) abusive....she was being held against her will and now they are both in jail...Hopefully shes not too scared to tell the truth. Most ladies in abusive relationships try to cover up the truth out of fear.

How do they figure this is a crime?  All she did was go away with her child, meet the child's dad somewhere, and text a message that said "help me".  When did this become a crime punishable by jail time?  And they complain about overcrowding in the prisons.  The child is not hurt.  The mom may be whacked out and need help but I have'nt figured out where the crime comes in.

What a fruit loop

What is wrong with these idiots who fake stuff...they ought to be kicked squarely in the #$%$.

well.you got the attention you wanted...lol smh

I had thought it was a waste of tax payers money, but i digress for the fact that its best to be proven wrong than to do nothing and let innocent people( the baby) suffer the consequences.  You know sometimes its just better that some people leave child bearing alone!  To do something so sinister, they should throw the book at her, and then put her in therapy cuz that was a bad choice putting it lightly.  And the baby is in state's custody suffering from the lack of either parent, what sad day.  Or I at least pray that she's better off in the hands of hopefully a capable enough adult to guide her life positively, cause if the mom is sick enough to fake abduction, if she got her back, she'll probably kill her, God forbid.

"but was taken into custody on an outstanding forgery warrant"If there was already a warrant out for him, why did they just now take him into custody on it?  Are the cops really in the habit of having numerous warrants for suspected criminals out at any given time that they're not actually serving?

Our fine courts will just send her for help. Doesn't matter how much tax payer money was spent trying to find her. Jail time and repay costs. Then help till she can have daughter back

what she wanted was to go and suck off the ex and made up the abduction tale........