Normally I would consider the election of a Western educated, Turkish backed, secular PM to be a good thing in that part of the world.  But in case anyone forgot to notice-Assad is still in charge in Syria, and unless his air force starts to defect it looks like he will be there for quiet a while to come.

Next article is America send 20 F16s and weapons to Syria.

They can vote till hell freezes over....and the only leader of Syria is currently in office and that name is Bashar Al-Assad.  He will only be recognized by the ture Syrian people.

People should know by now, that the US is backing it and behind all of the trouble in Syria in one way or another.

you know they wanted to hang ollie north for supporting rebels, america, breeding ground for terroist funneling money and aide....now obama is doing the same....figure that one out dems.

Assad is fightings  against jihadist terrorists backed by Saudi Qatar Egypt Iraq and Turkey. Supporting and helping jihadist terrorists will be a political suicide

Almost all of this puppets are western educated. CIA, Mi-6, Mossad,... start working on this guys very first day they attend classes in England,USA, France,... This secret agencies will install them in next 20,30,40 years. I would be very careful of this western educated businessmans and their loyalty for own country.

Yeah right...like hitto is really the syrian people leader..he will live in turkey with his handlers nearby...his authority will not guide the al qada area that he is now claiming...if he is not a hardliner,,where a woman is arrested or whipped for going to the store by herself he will be powerless...asaad and the syrian army xan now wipe them out because there is no chance of comprimise ....

There was not a power vacuum as they claim.  What a crock....They are still trying to sell the goods to everyone.  You can not fool the true Syrian people.

a very positive step - long overdue.US operation Arab Spring destroying ONE country at a time.Syria nowLibya lastIran nextFinished off, ONE at a time, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Yemen, Libya......Failed in Egypt (maybe)MISSION ACCOMPLISHEDThe Great Satan bringing Pain, Misery, Destruction, Death, Hate and EVIL to MILLIONS of innocent people for Generations to come.

lol. like the jihadist won't just push this guy aside.

More Propaganda to give credibility to satisfy the UN / Muslim Brotherhoodaggression  against a Sovran nation.  The history of this issue extends the entire 40 years of a government that demonstrates religious freedom.  This is not the case when theIslamist / Muslim Brotherhood control governments.

US agent In Place for takeover of Syria and its people.US operation Arab Spring destroying ONE country at a time.Syria nowLibya lastIran nextFinished off, ONE at a time, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Yemen, Libya......Failed in Egypt (maybe)MISSION ACCOMPLISHEDThe Great Satan bringing Pain, Misery, Destruction, Death, Hate and EVIL to MILLIONS of innocent people for Generations to come.

Wait, I though bin Laden was Al Qaeda's leader?

Moving up wtg keep moving forward

Ahmad jarba Im not aware of western backing outside of medical aid but I will say this.If you took away Assads radio and television,then his fuel,he would be a setting duck no longer able to restrict your truth.Would you consider my words backing? Its not.I simply want you to be free with elected leaders.Its not about east and west,Christians of Muslims.Its about Humanity and freedom.I hope you resolve hour problems soon.We have our hands full here.Freedom don't mean all problems end thow.**==

Yes the liberal slant on part of the world today.Blaw, Blaw, Blaw.

Incomplete CV..please add,CIA trained.

Jabhat al nusra will assassinate this idiot if he ever sets foot in syria.What I see here is a bunch of terrorists in business costumes with a few token women prolly forced to attend under threat of stoning.

For a breakdown of the different Syrian fractions, reports about key players and timeline visit commentariopolitica.wordpress / the article is Two years since the uprising.

Pathdoc, you are just plain crazy! You smoke too much hashish?

CIA/Mossard agent.  These terrorist that are fighting the battles in this Arab spring are dumb.  They are throwing their lives away so some monkey in a suit who has actually never taken part in any battles can be their new ruler.

The only thing that the intrim so called government-elect that can lead are the animals that belong in a pig pen.

Prime minister of what country?? Look at these morons with their fantasy flags. They are delusional.

First Al-Qaida interim Prime Minister. What a Joke US/EU/NATO has become. God Bless president Assad.

The question now is which of the two governments will foreign country want to talk to with. Lol

I'm glad they finally elected a transitional government. Question is, when will Assad resign. Loooooooooooool

Bad news. They just appointed an Interim Prime Minister for the transitional government that 'will never be'What have Arab Hood Rat League gained during their 2 years of fighting?  Assad need a good laugh right about now. Great work America and 29 countries that support terrorism.

Syrian government has more legitimacy then some opposition group outside of Syria without any solution to Syrian conflict because they never being in front lines. Who said terrorist rebel insurgents will recognize them as their new leaders? Lol

Syrian opposition in Istanbul elects Hitto as provisional premier without Syrian peoples referendum Lol

A Syrian to lead Syria. Not a Wahabi Islamic Freak as Assad and his propaganda machine have been telling everyone. The Free Syrian Army is controlled by Syrians who want to be free. The end approaches for Assad and those blind enough to support him.

Just shut up,Ed, you dumb cracker.! The right wing solution would be to just bomb everybody.Romney scared rational people be cause he showed a streak of impulsivity, rather than thought.

It appears that the seeds this Arab spring has planted through out the Middle East has produced gigantic  crops of poison ivy,has someone made a big mistake when ordering  them? they should have considered the advice of that old saying  you reap what you sow.

Which faction of alCIAda does he hail from?

War in Israel is nearby.The Syrian IT Executive from Dallas will be based within syria.Syrian coptics wan t Mardin Turkey.Sure Syrian Golan height under Israeli occupation high lighted.Syria with parliament with own army own navy own airforce by now must have figure it how to evict Israelis.There are 10 million Palestinian and 10 million jews and UN resolution with 50/50 Palestine distributed.There are 35 million kurds in Turkey Iraq Iran Syriaand armenia etc. superiority days of Israel USA NATO EU or car airplane mfr almost sure evaporated.Singling out Iran vs Israel will not work.OPEC with Venezuela and Russia and 57 OIC muslim states waiting to explode and go for an out war with Israel with help arrivin from NATO EU USA look impossible.Ahmed din jad knowledge of Islamevaporated with Ayatollah Janati calling it Heresey in labelling Chavez as Jesus .There is only on Jesus ,son of Mary.There is Islamic hadith.If religion is valid days of none religion (with west and Israel) gone.Arrogance of Israelis or Turkey or west or NATOcan be projected.

Pie in the sky Istanbul based ,qatar based, saudi arabia based sunni based shia based while rebels army generals who is fearing arrests are defecting abroad despite climing control of syria bulk 2/.3 land under control.With it Syrian Golan height under israeli occupation with entry o israel from three mediterranean entrances or israel access to Nicosia cyprus 500 km or 1000 km to athens or 500 km to nearest greece island - closing for  Israelis or NATO USA UK EU in debts with lay out in  car airplane hiways parking etc.