The EPA is like the Sierra Club and ACLU, all of them were started with great intentions, but have gone off the deep end in terms of staying in touch with reality.

Watch, there'll be foreign imports of coal to the USA just like oil and gas.

Coal is not green but with scrubbers and a couple of other  options it comes close, and it can provide the lowest cost electric for the next 100 years. I'm sure the EPA  disagrees but they don't havr any clue about a viable 24/7 green replacement.

Kiss your cheap electricity and energy independence good bye thanks to Presidunce Odumba and his hard on to kill coal.BTW, you dumb ayse libterds, 50% of your current electricity in the USA is made using COAL.  So you greenie dumb ayse libturds need to quit being hypocrites and disconnect yourselves from the grid otherwise you need to shut the EFF up.

Coal as a fuel source is relatively easy to extract from the earth, but it costs so much in its impact in West Virginia , Kentucky and southern Ohio.  Energy co.'s get permits usually from a weak state EPA  and they commence mountain top destruction for coal which may be sold or used out of state.The impact to the residents of these areas is not taken into any consideration, coal processing is a very heavy polluter and has serious respiratory affects in states which are  in the lower spectrum of quality health care statistics!

Coal companies make misleading posts about global warming on Internet forums.

when u can't afford to keep the lights on, coal, might not sound so bad. try solar panels with the toxic waste from them, where is the EPA.

We can COMPLETELY replace our need for coal or oil by investing in the potential of wind and solar energy.  As long as we have a SUN, we don't run out of  these two CLEAN, RENEWABLE energy sources.Why continue to waste money subsidizing oil and coal and the pollution they create?

West Virginia, Pennsylvania both coal states voted 2012 Obama . Stupid is what stupid does..

They were upset when we stopped using kerosine. Think about it!!Obama's war on coal displaces a lot of workers and has a negative effect on rate payers. He should tread lightly on the ideology for the sake of those of us who are struggling to keep our heads above water . This economy still stinks big time .

THE NICCER IS GOING TO KILL OUR COUNTRY !

Our electricity is made from coal,, is Obama just stupid or what,, all these people wanting electric cars to get off fossil fuels, have no brains.Coal can be managed very effective and provide us with clean green electricity, and we can convert all our cars to natural gas, ,,,People it is really that simple.... Our economy will be healed

I am a coal miner. To the people who want green energy. Until you are off the grid and have your own energy source. I don't want to hear what you have to say.

if it wasnt for coal exports...are import export ratio would be terrible....GO COAL!!!! I notice ll the Libs were throwing a fit during that little strom...when the lights went of...Coal Miners all over america were laughing at ya!!! and you better get use to it!!!

This Obama is one stupid S O B in the coal mining regions unemployment is at 30-40 % these guys have lost 75 to 80 thousand dollar a year jobs. My state has the lowest electric rates there is because of coal ,but that is going to change. What is clean air if you cant support your family . China and India are the biggest polluter there is but he want to make us pay for it. This #$%$ has killed more jobs than he has created !

I'm a coal miner.  If you like driving your car, truck or SUV you'd better be glad for coal.  Coal is used to make the steel for ALL automobiles my friends.  When you flip that light switch just how do you think it comes on?  That's right...COAL!

after reading the comments, i have noticed that none of them that I have read have any thing to do with the article which is about stock prices

My hubby works for a coal-fired plant. Its not doing good cause of natural gas, demand is down and what the government has made them do. I hope things change for the better but I am not hopeful.

The US is stupid...here we have hundreds of years of cheap energy and we are selling it to foreign countries...They are using our energy to get strong off of us..now aint that smart....Get ready for higher electric prices as well as anything concerning coal...Obama...I;m sick of himIf you believe we can make it without coal, you deserve to sit in the dark!

Coal unless it cleans up is the Kerosene of the past!!Move forward or move aside!

While Montana delivers much of the electricity to California and many other states....we could just cut the power off ..and see how the uninformed idiots get along with out it!  Or we could triple the cost to you....now that seems like a good idea!!

coal is here to stay. forever. with all energy right now will be beaten down until  this new communist obama goverment gets their claws into some of the kickbacks and then it will take off again.like it always does.

Get ready....you get to pay more for power, heathcare, taxes, no guns...the Obamajesty is looking out for you!!

Coal, a 19th century fuel in the 21st century.  Dirty, dangerous, pricey and still with us only because of politics and the cash money the coal mafia spends to maintain their 'people' in government.

Why is America trailing the world in converting to wing turbine and solar electricity?We have the potential to be COMPLETELY INDEPENDENT on renewable energy,Instead, we spend all our money chasing 19th century energy sources.

x ray the brain, mental illness shows narcissism psychopath shows up another color than normal men. its the only way out, other than Hitler coming though our land.

Trainman your an idiot!!! The EPA want to clean coal as pure as water and they know this can not be done!!! Get all the facts before commenting!

Obama promised he would get rid of the Goal industry and he is right on schedule. He said he would regulate them out of business and he's working on that. I wish I had something good to say about Obama, but I just can't seem to find the words.Gee, there's a surprise, coal stocks are losing value.  I guess that's what happens then the king sets out to destroy your business.

Coal supplies the cheapest and most dependable form of electrical production in this country!

Coal is a dirty energy source that does great harm to the environment and to its workforce. Cleaner coal is possible but the backward-thinking coal industry rejects it. They should be gone unless they modernize. It is that simple, simpletons.

If coal is up, why was Santa so liberal with it in my sto#$%$ing?

dont fool yourself the sun is the only way

Throwing a little coal on the fire really warms things up nicely.

Coal companies know how the EPA feels about their existence.

POLICE BEHIND

we need to process coal for worldwide consumption , close the EPA,please

I like coal!NOBAMA hates coal , therefore it must be good . Anything NOBAMA dislikes is what AMERICA needs to do , he hates freedom and normal people . VOTE THIS CLOWN OUT OR BE SORRY .

diligaf's

I bought the oil trading course at oil trading academy and I cannot believe how accurate it is.  You can check the website and see for yourself. You too can earn big just like me

You would believe you could easily make $200 to $1,000 a day trading Gold? Want some proof? Google "Gold Trading Academy" and watch our free demonstration coming up....