by the way, this is not a tax it is outright theft.

I guess it's time to take money out of banks before they all decide it's ok to steal it outright.

This is nothing less than theft by the state. I would pull what's left of my deposit and place it elsewhere immediately.

hahahha govm't looting &amp; plundering your bank account &amp; for those that hide $$ in their furnature the mattresses police is practicing for assaults on your homes

Rise up Cypriots, take to the streets and tell the bankers this is your money and not theirs.  Socialism works until their is no more other peoples money to steal.

While the EU did make this demand, Cyprus did sign up for it, but, if the EU thinks it is anything more than a financial operation looking out for its own top 5% wealthiest persons, it should think again.  Stealing money from citizens of EU countries savings accounts is in no way a reflection of the way any self-respecting Government body should act, quite the contrary these are the people they should most protect.  With this decision I'd not feel safe putting my money in any Bank anywhere in Europe.

Only politicians think when they steal it can be justified because they call it a tax.  No wander they want to take away your guns.

so the EU shoved GREEK debt onto EU banksters and now they are RECOUPING IT BY TAXING DEPOSITORSnicenew way to STEALreally hope this starts BANK RUN IN SPAIN, FRANCE, ITALY, IRELAND and mostly in GERMANY

The Dem's sent them the idea.This will make it appear more acceptable when Reid puts it in his budget.

So Greece took down Cyprus like the U.S. will take down China when China has to write down U.S. debt.How long will it take until our moronic government is confiscating bank accounts to pay for the irrational entitlements and the deficit?

I'm sure this will be the 1st time most of of the Cypriots have ever paid any taxes.........

Why not just make using banks illegal? I mean the result is going to be the same. NO one will now deposit moeny into a bank unless they have to. This just created another HUGE black market....hmm, a black market banking system...

military second to none = confiscation second to none

You know Obama's lackeys are hard at work to try and give this a positive spin so they can work it in to their plan to re-distribute the wealth here. Just a matter of time before the NYT or WashPo writes a flowery article in favor of it. I give it 3 weeks max.

taking something that doesn't belong to them and giving it to their cronies They should round up these clowns and sell them as slaves to the highest bidder. Use that money to pay down the debt

This is exactly where we're headed at a full gallop. We cannot continue to confiscate trillions of dollars from the private sector to continue to support a failed, overbearing federal government. We need to drastically cut the size of  government in this country, from local to state to federal. Government on all levels should be as bare-boned as possible and operate in the most cost effective manner possible.

This is why our government wants our guns.... Why are you laughing, you don't think it could happen here?

Whoa up here - I thought legislation had to be passed before action can be taken - Of course Euro countries do not neccessarily follow the rule of law - But thats how SOCIALISM works.Be ready America - our turn is a comming!

A lot of people in Cyprus are now kicking themselves for not buying gold coins and keeping them in the mattress. Betcha there will be a rush to gold over Europe now. Watch on Monday how they will desperately try to keep gold and Swiss Franc from shooting to the moon.this is like the pic a payment/loan app rubber stamping meltdown of fall 2008 in the US. now the hee haw gang that caused the meltdown with deregulation blubber about the bill

Legislating a tax, however popular or unpopular, is one thing; banks sequestering it before it's legal is confiscation.  It's not law before it is passed and signed, and according to the reporting, this doesn't happen before Tuesday.

Thieves always search out the money, and steal it from wherever they can, Especially, if they are liberal politicians.

Russian thieves have encountered a bigger thief in Cyprus.

This is the same tax that Obamacare imposes on several different taxes.

lol......so a bank gets taxpayer funds to save it's behind and YOU have to pay a 10% tax when you deposit money with them while they give you .001% interest.

Banks charging you money to make deposits is not that far off, Sheeple. Thier NOT Making enough money getting your money for FREE, they now have to charge you to loan it to them for FREE.

Banks want to make YOUR money theirs through corporate socialism.

The plutocrats have now OFFICIALLY declared war on the 99%.  This is not just Cyprus.  It is all of us.  Everywhere.

and now depositors will pull their money out of banks, go on a cash basis, and leave little money in banks for loans to people looking to buy homes or start businesses. brilliant.Like Sandy Hook which became a catapult for grabbing guns (and to further split the GOP), with the DOW at its peak, any wonder when a market correction causes Obama and company to push for seizing 401ks and blend into a national retirement bucket promising a 3% return (no higher, no lower).Never let a crisis go to waste.

Socialism st ots best

I can't wait until the US is totally converted to European economic standards. Then our economy can fail too.

I thought the theft of depositors' money or part of it was supposed to only happen in communism. This example comes to show that 'democracies' can decay pretty much overnight into pure communism. The lifetime of any given democracy is close to 1 day, I can see.So, it is more important for Cyprus to remain in the Euro zone than to abide by the principles that say that the government cannot take away private property from citizens without proper compensation. #$%$?

where are the human rights people when we need them..this is daylight robbery and should be ilegal!

Jews using taxpayer money to bail out their Jewish brethren.

No loans, high interest, no flexibility when you need them, nickle and diming you to death with charges...like a 10 dollar fee to give you a bank check with YOUR money, they are not cutting down on golden boy's bonuses....Why should I give them my money in order to save their mismanaging "ashes"...?....They would not have helped me... if I needed them..!!