What a tragedy, thoughts and prayers to them and the families.

Dear old Harry Reid is using  the tragedy as a political statement on the sequester.  I guess there is no low Harry will not stoop to in order to gain more money to waste.

harry ried actually tried to blame this on the sequester today. How does that piece of #$%$ keep getting re-elected? Anyone that would turn this tragity into something political is just a jerk.

May they rest in peace and condolences to the families and friends of those injured and killed.

I remember a member of the range cadre losing four fingers when he mishandled a mortar and didn't remove his hand from the tube fast enough.Mortars are dangerous.

And guess what all?  Harry Reid the Senator from the state of Nevada BLAMED this accident on the Sequester!  Now note he did NOT wait for any investigation results or reports.  He went right to that claim.  Its a sad day when Liberals like Harry Reid USE a tragedy such as this to promote their political agenda.  Harry?  I AM from Nevada!  And YOU embarrass the state!  I personally ask you to do what's best for the state and your constituents.  RETIRE NOW!

How dare Harry Reid use the death of 8 Marines as a political statement on Sequester!!!!!  Although I saw his statement on the news, I had to search Yahoo News...just another untra-liberal press cover up!!!  Yahoo reporters and Reid are totally void of a soul...RIP

Anybody know who actually makes our munitions?.....

Great another thing for the liberal media band wagon to jump all over......What the hell would have happened to America's military if all these overzealous people had been around during WWI and WWII.....America would have lost both wars....I feel for those families that have lost loved ones but these accidents happen...we can't stop our training and military because of them

Imagine the Marines dropping one of these on some civilians in a foreign country.  Could end up killing hundreds of innocent people.  Terrible....tragic accident.what can a person say about these brave and dedicated people that has not been said already .rest in the company of God

Chaps my #$%$ that soldiers put their lives on the line like this while politicians play God and yank away their college benefit.... they waited way too long to help with PTSD too... people go in hoping to serve their country and get something in return... should be mutually beneficial.... doesn't seem that way, does it?

Rest in peace brothers. Semper Fi

Why aren't mortars considered to be obsolete when we have drones?... This seems like it's playing with dynomite for the sake of playing with dynomite..... sooner or later...

Semper Fi, Marines

Prayers and condolences to the families of these young men...Please know they are in heaven, and please know they will be okay...God bless you all..

Semper Fi and RIP Marines. Tell my Dad I miss him.

So how did it happen? Why is that not discussed, or does the military need time to come up with a cover up story.

More than half of all service weapons are "made in China" and assembled in the USA.. This is unacceptacle and we should make all our Consumable goods here in the USA and Import only the goods we can't make or don't have access to here in the USA.. I can remember reading all the stories of small ntoys painted with high levels of lead based paint with the intent that these toys will make our future generations of leaders brain damaged and incapable of running our country.

RIP Marines!It's probably too much to ask but I hope there is a very thorough investigation.

Semper Fi in this case seems to equal "blind faith"....

My sympathy to all the families that has been touched by this mishap, it happens in training many times, and peace to my comrades in arms, God has called you home!

Farewell my brothers. Now you guard the streets of gold in heaven. God bless and may God comfort your family with their loss. America is strong because of Americans like you that sacrificed so much. Semper Fi!

Harry Reid is a total p.o.s for using this tragedy for his own selfish political gain.

Semper fi Marines OOHRAH.

Live by the sword... die by the sword....

That lowlife worm, Harry Reid, tried to score political points on the lives of those Marines. I don't think there's any depth he won't sink to.

Semper Fidelis

Good. 8 fewer monsters in the world.As a veteran,it seems to hit home a little harder when we lose any of our own. God bless &amp; condolences to the families.

feel free to enjoy. If you have not served this country do not try the best is here.see ya bros ......semper fi do or die................

Harry(pig) reid is a disgrace to our wonderful state of nevada. God bless all the people in that terrible tragedy

so what happened?

Bill Frank is an F-Tard

practicing for war can be as dangerous as war. Stop the stupid wars that benefit only the bankers and the deaths will stop.

I feel for the families.  It seems like I see a lot of news on American's being killed in military accidents and failures.  Why doesn't America train their military for more than a few weeks?

It is too bad that with so many engineers out of work; the USA has flying drones but not walking ones?  What's wrong with this picture?    Maybe we should let Honda or Toyota build our robots since we can't seem to do it.   Having humans Handling explosives like a mortar is someones Romantic dream about Elvis fighting WWII.   It's time to quit romanticizing war.   Oh wait... too many defense contracts (e.g. manufacturing jobs) building human body armor, and hand operated mortars; got it. Never-mind.  It's a political thing dressed up as an economic thing; and vice versa.

that's horrible, my condolences to their friends and families, may you all rest in peace and be in god's hands. you'll always be our heroes.

back in the day...given a gun and said here...defend this area. Funny how when in combat...all the bull and training goes out the window...trust me.... and its just like back in the day. so much for our stupid training.someone should be held reponsibile when I was in there were alway haveing problems with faulty ammo its dangerous  trying to clear one of these weapons . the idiot  that was in charge should be courtmartail