A shooting conviction and soon to be a drunk driving involving death...yeah mrs. Acevedo, your son is a monster, face the facts. Just glad he didn't live near any family members of mine.

He may not be a monster, but anyone going 70mph on a snowy road is STUPID, and his stupidity will cost him his freedom.    Tragic for the victims who were killed, tragic for his children who will now have no father at home

probably the most human post on this subject..

Is it true that he lives in public housing ? Strange to live there so that he can be "Mr. Mom", and why was Mr. Mom speeding down the street in the middle of the night ? Why would such a loving caring man leave the scene of a crash when the others were obviously hurt ? This piece of trash deserves a life sentence, actually 3- one for each of the lives he took. The public outcry should be stringing him up, so that this exemplary citizen doesn't do this again, and if not punished thoroughly, he probably will.

"The case should be decided on the facts and not on public outcry," the lawyer said.Then you're in BIG TROUBLE. No, Mr. Lawyer, your best bet is to go to trial and load up the jury box with 12 turnip heads whose minds are filled with too many episodes of Law and Order, and hope that you can bamboozle them into confusing "reasonable doubt" with a "preponderance of evidence"

Ms. Julian conveniently forgets the demonstrable facts which provoke "the public outcry."

He should consider himself very lucky he's not looking at Murder 2 (depraved indifference to human life or a reckless action likely to result in death).  A strong case can be made for this charge.

The fact is he's a dirtbag.

Make it LWOP. This homicidal p.o.s. is bad to the bone.

If murdering 3 people doesn't qualify him as a "monster", what does?

provides nothing but pain to society and now just a burden to the common taxpayer.Lesson? ...when you're under the influence and could face a murder charge... run.

we all knew that charge was coming..you don't just walk away from this type of hit and run!!!

did you ever notice that the media never uses the scare word "DRUGS!"  when alcohol is involved?  only for marijuana and cocaine.  i wonder if they have been bought by the liquor industry?

Oh, he's such a good boy. He "quit his job to become a stay-at-home father."Hey, wait a minute. If that's true, then why wasn't he home taking care of his kids instead of out terrorizing the streets in a BMW?

How do these hypocritical a*holo*s face people while charging him with manslaughter and in the next instance say an unborn baby is worthy of abortion? These people have NO SHAME.

Knowing the liberal NYS courts, this zit on the butt of humanity will be back on the street in 2 to 5 years...fully rehabilitated by the NYS Correctional System...Yeah right!

Quit his job to live off the goverment tit is more like it . On purpose or a (oops ) he STILL killed 3 people and a life sentence should be the MIN, he gets !

If it was snowing why was he going so fast?....Oh yeah someone was shooting at him....

Last week they were saying that he was "running for his life". What happened to that excuse?

One question is Acevedo in the country legally?Nahhh - the tonk should be charged with murder - then make'em plead it down  !

how come no one in the news media mentions his immigration status?

What a greasy looking, stinking piece of dog S**T !!!

Yeah ol Julio sounds like a real paragon of virtue.

He should get a life sentence for stupidity....Lets see, it's snowing out so I think its a good time to pass people and do 70 mph's down a city street!!

why did the "dedicated stay-at-home father" drive at 70 m/h in the middle of the night, buying milk?

This man had his license taken away &amp; yet he still found a"Straw Purchaser" to obtain another vehicle, with whichhe knew he would again be irresponsible &amp; possibly kill.Now how will a "universal background/universal registration"scheme stop a determined firearms offender again?Aren't the cars in NY state registered &amp; drivers licensedbased on their background?

May he rot in hell!

It's illegal to kill an unborn baby in a hit and run accident but it's legal to kill an unborn baby in an abortion clinic.....we are one sick society!

Adios amigo....make the best of your jail timeI'm surprised the owner of the borrowed BMW didn't choke the hell out of him before he surrendered.

Julio Acevedo ...Julio? Is he even here legally? Did he get one of those new, you're illegally but its just dandy if you drive driver's licenses?

Sounds like a progressive song title, "I quit my job to be a stay at home father".

Drunken Hispanics and Motor Vehicles.  A deadly combination.  Oh the humanity!What will it take to put a stop to this?  We need legislation!  Register all Hispanics!  Where is Dianne Feinstein when you need her?How about we just leave the driving to the Asians?  But then again................

First , Rip his lips off !than crush his head in a vise !

You can't have "manslaughter" without "laughter".

I've prophesied publicly in the US from around 2004 to present. Some of the events I've depicted are the IO and Japan tsunamis, Amish and Newtown school shootings, and hurricane Katrina and Sandy. I also depicted the tragedy covered in this article. It was February 23rd when I did so. As the prophecy entails theological parameters it is imperative to understand my analysis of what occurred. It was essentially that this couple and their child would be going to heaven, and that the impetus for the 'accident' (i.e. Satan clandestinely targeting them) was similar as to how Job was singled out. As I was concomitantly trying to warn of the dangers posed by a pending quake and tsunami to west coast reactors, and relating the impact of the ignorance of my activities upon understanding dangers and politics, I hesitantly yet accurately related the incident of the crash (I also foretold a crash during the Amish prophecy, but there were no casualties) as not only proof of my integrity and as forwarning the tsunami, but as an opposition to Paul's Christian doctrines. Prophets are often mediators, and it is my opinion that the sacrifice that was revealed to me may have an interpretation relevant to certain Scriptures and with the acceptability of the tenor often used in certain Christian congregations.

This is kind of trash that voted for O'Banana ... enjoy the prison porridge &amp; sausage douche

How long death of these two meaningless jews will be breaking news?

drunk, drug addled(S)(P)(I)(C)(K)I can not think of any reason why Julio Acevedo is not immediately taken to Central Park and gut shot.  And then video taped to play on all TV lines.  Those seeing that it takes him days to die in terrible pain would consider more before committing crimes.

why should the tap payers pay to house cloth med dental for life and ea year a good student loses there degree  this is double dipping or taxs as we know it

We need more vehicle control in NYC!! Limit the number of cars those in NYC can have, and how many gallons of gasoline they can put in each vehicle!

ban all cars, these assault cars are killing people!

What i do not understand is that the couple are dead already why trump up more charges on this man.he did us all a favore.