Pope Francis seems to be a humble, genuine man. Hopefully he can do good things for his church and the world.

Who said you have to be either hot or cold ??????? Must be a new rule ..

While not a Catholic (and don´t get any ideas anyone), this Pope seems to be a more direct and in your face kind of Pope.  If he is supposed to be the example of change in the Vatican, then he is off to a very good start.  While I am not a Catholic, he sure has my attention.  Interesting to see where this goes.

How daring is it to truly love your fellowman and put your life on the line to prove it?  So far, so good. I pray that the arms of the Lord is around him always.

I'll give props to the man for doing this.. he's risking his life. His actions are telling the people that he is accessible to them and he doesn't care about the risks.

I may not agree with all of his positions, but he seems to have a heart and comes across as genuine. I hope he can help change the prevailing attitudes in the world and help people to understand the the value of humility, mercy, and humanity. I definitely see him as a positive force.

I hope the security detail can keep up.The head of the largest church is a target for a lot of crazies.

His Holiness Pope Francis 1 reminds me of the old time Jesuits who educated me in high school and university.  They had a wonderful intellect, a quick wit, kind and gentle demeanour, and fierce loyalty to Catholic Orthodoxy and were champions in the defence of the true faith.

Pope Francis demonstrates the humility of what a true leader should.  He does not think his blessings are any more sacred than that of a simple priest.  He is Gandhi like in his approach to what a man of faith should be.  His faith in his God, and his people are refreshing change to what the Catholic Church has represented over the past several decades.  Pope Francis is a blessing and a great example to the world that is currently filled with War and Hate.  I hope he is able to change things.  He has my prayers.  For once he feels as though it is not about him.

God Bless Pope Francis

The Pope for all his dedication and good intentions needs to be careful, this has become a dangerous World, and there are people that want only the recognition that would come with harming him, I wish for him Safety and a long Life.He has always been a priest, a Cardinal, and now a Pope for the people. Translated from Spanish he is called a "bus taker" as someone who does not feel he is better than other people, and one that needs a driver.

Wow!  He IS brave.

I like his humility and simplicity; he is a man of the people. He can make a difference because he is believable!

He seems like a good decent man. Good luck.

While this new pope seems like a decent guy, are we going to have to hear EVERYTHING he does from now to eternity?  Was watching FOX the past few days and they are like a stalker..."the pope went to the hotel today, he went to lunch today, he talked to the people today, he went to the bathroom today, he walked around the city today..." blah blah blah blah  Come on, there isn't any other news?

I am not religious. But I like this humble and sincere man. He has started of extremely well. God will be with him.

What a wonderful man ! Much needed by the Church AND the World ! We are given nothing but the continuous pollution of lies and half-truths by our despicable parasitic politicians ! Pope Francis brings us  much needed TRUTH-HONESTY-DECENCY-CLEANLINESS !

Wow, I like this new pope already!

I left the Catholic Church many years ago because of the hypocrisy of the Pope and other clerics living in luxury while people around the world starved.  If the Pope is supposed to represent Christ on earth, then he should live a very modest life. Some of the trappings of being Pope in a modern world are unavoidable, but I think he’s off to good start and I wish him well and a long life.

Brenda M, take your Shia Islamic bull scat back to Iran where you belong.Of course he shocked them, he has a papal taser.

He risks all by going out into the crowds. I can see why he wants to but he will be in serious danger if he continues to do it.

Thank for your prayers.  :)

John Paul I made a speech saying he was diverting the Vatican's fortune to the poor and a few day's later he  died of supposed heart attack. Going out in public? if this becomes a common thing, he better watch out cuz a lot of taliban will be heading towards Rome.

Ha! ha!  I bet his security detail was freakin out big time!!

very scary the pope doing this with  muslims still on the planet.whether you believe in religion or not the pope stands for peace on earth.

Time will tell.

HE SAID TO PRAY FOR HIM.

He is starting to sound like and almost feel something like Pope John XXIII. Could this be? A people's Pope with a common touch? Everyone  including a lot of non-Catholics felt the loss of John XXIII. It seems that Pope Francis is almost opening a window to let the air and light in. The world needs this kind of leadership on any level instead of the stridency that we have become numbingly used to. I watch with interest, again.

I am not a catholic but my prayers are for the protection of this man who is reaching out in this manner even against the advice of many who are wanting to protect him.No fan of religion but I hope this guy can get all of the followers back to doing good again.Times are tough and I sense people are starting to get together again. Five years after the 2008 collapse, I'm starting to see people interact again instead of managing debt and living again.Its a good thing to see the bleary eyed finally remembering they enjoyed friends again and some of the best things in life cost nothing.

I converted from Catholicism to Protestantism when I was 10 for a number of reasons, but I still have an attachment to my Catholic roots. Pope Fancis seems to be a genuinely good man and I believe he'll be what the Catholic Church has been desperately needing.

What a cool and humble man.

Now that Pope Benedict fixed the liturgy and brought back the traditions that are the rock that the Catholic Faith is built on, it is time for Pope Francis to clean house of the Apostates in the Church.  A good place to start would be in America!  The American Catholic Church is a mess filled with apostasy.

God Bless this good man and God help the rest of us. Deliver us from the evil grip of those destroying our country.

What a wonderful act of humility and bravery! I think he will be a great Pope!

Kudos to the new Pope for being a man of the people.  Some nut case will get him..

What a great pope We can all be so proud.

To all you pope bashers;It is lent &amp; we will pray for you !!(and you can't stop us, HA HA ).

Definitely like this Pope better than the last one.A pope that serves our Lord and leads by example.   Thank you.

Be ye not afraid.

So many nay sayers. But in an age of corrupt and self serving public officials it is no wonder. Perhaps we should try to give this man a chance to express his humanity,who knows it might be contagious.Every time that I read the sermon on the mount,i understand the true message of the Christ. What harm is there in loving ones fellow man as well as respecting ourselves..?  Should this message actually catch on , the world would be a far better place.You have been given free will to be as you choose,,but ultimately you must answer for how you conducted your life.Of course it is difficult to "love your enemies and bless those who curse you,," nobody said it would be easy.Take a chance,,

I am not catholic but this pope appears to be a good man and I hope he will continue to be a good example to the church and the world in general.Organized religion could use some good press right about now.

Pope Francis...     He is following the prayer of St. Francis of Assisi.That Prayer says it all and shows what a humble man this Pope truly is.

im not catholic but i really think this guy is human and cares about people.

He needs to be careful.....all it takes is one loonie tune with a knife and we will need another Conclave!

This is what this world needs. More people like the new PopeGod Bless Him.

Good..... :)

Starting to like this Pope. Sounds like a decent sort.God bless the Pope and all Christian churches !!!

I love this pope so far very humble man walking the walk of jesus not talking the talk and then screaming off in a limo excellent he is one of the 99% who don't love money for money sake,maybe he will teach this world something good for a change

I bet his body guards are more shocked....all it takes is one sick apple

By the looks of these people you would think Jesus himself was walking the streets! Hey people, the pope is just a MAN. That's all! God is shaking his head at this #$%$!

This is one cool pope!

Well a real head figure leader  has no fear to be in public the ones who are doing us wrong need protection there scared . This guy doesnt care  about security  so let him do what he wants . What he needs to do is start weeding out the perverts running the church.

That "secret service" agent is like I ain't gonna get a bullet for ya dude

A good beginning!

Francis, the first pope from Latin America,------------------------Here in the USA we broke with tradition in the Presidential election of 2008, but that was only after a few hundred years.

this pope has his head screwed on straight, i like him and i wish him luck fighting the SOBs in the vatican that will make life hard for him.He seems, wisely, to place more emphasis on our common humanity than in the "above the rest of us" traditions of some recent popes. Reminds me more of John Paul II than of Benedict...

Its a man people, thats all. A man.

What a great start  for the pope!  May his reign be peaceful and blessed, and may the priests behave.  God bless Pope Francis.

God bless you, pope Francis.

I like this Pope so far.  I hope he can continue to be the peoples Pope, and not tied down with all the pomp and circumstance.  As a humble, accessible Pope, he could out do Pope John Paul II, which I never though would ever happen because of his popularity and seemingly accessibility.

Pope francis brings a freshness to the papacy and it is good to see as a catholic myself i like this direction

Oh I love Pope Francis, and St. Francis is one of my favorite saints. But please be careful out there.

he better watch out or a moooslem will kill him

In this day and age...any famous leader, has to be careful in big crowds....that being said...its a nice that he wants to reach out to people...probably one of the most approchable Popes.

Hot new Pope, we have.What a circus! Billions of ignorant imbeciles still don't know that Christianity was a fabrication &amp; that Argie has close ties to the mafia, no wonder he got elected.

And the hate filled ateists chime in........

I'm not religious, but this guy seems like a great way to bring the disinfranchised back to the church.  The other guy seemed so remote and cold.  A spiritual leader should indeed press the flesh and not address the masses from some remote balcony.

I'm glad the media likes the Pope right now and is focusing on his humility and down-to-earth way of doing things, because they sure as heck don't agree with his views on social isues.

We may have a new John Paul Il...I hope we do...

It is truly heartwarming to see such a down-to-earth man who genuinely cares about the masses. It's beginning to restore my faith in the Catholic religion. I was baptized but never raised in the church or having a strong faith at all. Now it makes me want to actually learn more and actually start attending church.

They need to keep this one!

perhaps this humble pope will be able to bring the church back on point

A contemporary of  the Christ was a Rabbi Hillel, who when asked how to attain a place in heaven stated" love god with all of your strength and your neighbor as yourself,,all else is commentary"  Pretty much nails it as far as I'm concerned.

I pray that Pope Francis papacy is as hugely successful as that of Pope John Paul II.   He is a good choice for the Church.He is the right Pope and is welcomed by the light and hated by the dark.

This is a better start than many. Let's see.

How long do you think it will take for the media wolves to turn on him?

The pope is proving he is just another guy, nothing more (which he isn't), nothing less.  Good for him.

It's always fun to meet with a Catholic Priest who adores being with people, but the Pope? I'm liking what I'm seeing from Pope Francis as he is making himself accessable to the congregation at every chance he gets. He's very much a people person and that alone is what is needed for the church. Being Catholic myself, I have the feeling this will be a very interesting papacy where hopefully we can see some changes that are much needed within the church. But I'm not going to expect any drastic changes as Pope Francis is from the conservative element of the College of Cardinals and a humble priest who has the determination to help others.

am not catholic, not even met any in my neck of the woods guess thy do not get out much lol as does this pope, bless him ,Jesus went out unto the people so why not the pope? prayers are with him

I am not Catholic but this pope has really caught my attention. He is being so almost Jesus like. As bad as people will hate that he needs to be less assessable, I think that they will understand and should encourage him because it is for the people and himself that he needs to keep safe. He seems like the type of man that will always find ways to show his kindness and probably have more surprises than is safe in the future. I am sure there will be many more delighted people that actually have contact with him. I pray for him as he ask.

It's what Rome and the world needed, fresh blood, a burst of energy, guts, friendly, smart, all wrapped up into a bundle of joy. Francis does have what it takes to be a genuine spiritual leader.

good for him, good for the vatican, good for the world - I am sure you will do great work!

Hope the President of Georgetown gets inspired. And brings the message back because His staff at his university have no concept of real Catholic ideals, just promoting the elite class and making connections with the connected and powerful.  Georgetown has deviated so far from its original ideals, it's sad. Hope the guy gets food for thought and re-invigorates what is really a social-climbing institutionI have been sickened by this church for a long time, but I like this guy. It takes stones for a pope to walk into a crowd. Something no body in the public eye seems to have anymore.

Those Jesuits sure do know how to work a crowd.

We prayed for a true leader and I think our prayers have been answered.

I hope he comes to Ohio so i can have a beer with him.

I wish our president was so down to earth and not living like a king. I like Pope Francis.

1 Timothy 2:5For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;

finally a spiritual leader I can relate to and support,maybe he can save the church.even though I don't go this guy is way way better than ratzinger

A breath a blessedly fresh air.

See the Pope walk through the streets.  See the Pope talking to children. See the Pope forgo the Prada slippers.  See the Pope  looking like a simple man of God.What you won't see is a Pope who condemns child raping priests as the criminals they are.  You won't see a Pope who ends sanctuary in the Church for child raping priests.  You won't see a Pope who opens the vault containing the records of thousands of cases of priests raping children.  See the Pope go on a public relations tour to take attention away from the rot and corruption in his Church.  This is what he was chosen for, by the child raping priests/bishops/cardinals.

Pope Benedict fixed the liturgy and Now it is Pope Francis who will lead the true believers in Christ.  I pray that he fixes the apostasy that is plaguing the American Catholic Church.Apparently, the Pope has far more faith than fear (If only we all did). His mind is on hid God and his heart seems to be on the less fortunate of all of us.  I wish him all the best possible things because I think he may be the most genuine leader of the roman Catholic Church in this generation. As an American, I can safely say that he would NOT make a very good Republican as he cares about the poor and less fortunate.  Maybe he will cause the Catholics on the "right" to rethink their priorities.

Hmmm.....this Pope is definitely different.

This Pope gets it - he's doing what the leader of a group in trouble needs to do - he's LEADING. By example. By his actions. By his words. By the way he lives his faith. I think we can expect a lot of good things to come from Pope Francis in the years to come.

Mosh Pit Pontiff .  Yeah baby ! Even the atheists have to grin a little .

Pope eats pope corn, drinks popesi cola brand soda pope and eats a popesicle for desert.

Christ, though being the "Son of God", never once sought to be worshiped. He instead washed the feet of his followers.Finally. A Pope that knows what it actually means to be Christian.

Upon returning to the Vatican, the Pope noticed his pockets had been picked.

Waiting for the second shoe to fall. The media never has anything good to say unless they are setting something up for a big downfall.

Maybe he's going to act like a real person and not a walking God. It's about time.

He seems to be VERY people oriented instead of institution oriented....I hope he does not get crucified for it.He is just a man like you and me and has no favor with GOD..he will have to earn his way like everyone else..

Personally, I am ex-Catholic, and non Christian... although I believe Christ was an amazing human being with great wisdom to live by.  I have a general mistrust of religious organizations.That being said...  I have a good feeling about this Francis. He seems very kind and merciful with definite humility.  I wish him well in leading his flock and hope he will serve to help unite people of all faiths and philosophies.

At this rate, he'll be crowd-surfing by next week.

Everything I've heard about Pope Francis is good so far.  I find it fascinating he has only been living with one lung for the past 60 years.  I find that mind boggling that is even possible, and he is out walking, working 12 hour days.  Maybe the holy spirit is breathing life into him.

The last two major elections on this planet suggest that humanity is headed in the right direction.

A simple man...Hopefully our elected will learn to walk with the common man...

So wonderful to see his humility.  He has true love for his fellow man.

Good luck, Papa Francis.

I hope he does well, he seems to have a good heart.

And why wouldnt he , after all he is sworn ficariouse filley die, god on earth in latin. if he is who he calims to be why would any mortal be a threat!I would wait and see.

I am not Catholic but I am impressed. This man may be the real deal.

Was anybody accidentally healed ?

A man that wants to spread Gods word can not hide behind a bullet proof glass, Jesus walked among the people and sat and ate with some of the people others would not associate with. That is because He sees us all the same. Children of God. Not a one better than another. We need to all remember this when we claim to be Christians or faithful followers of God. God sees how each of us interact with each other every day and He knows your heart.

How to win friends and influence people, but if you don't have anything spiritually tangible to offer, what good is it? The blind leading the blind, and they both fall in the ditch.

First thing I thought here by just reading the headlines is - possible asassination attempt coming!  Yikes!

His first challenge will be the Church Bureaucracy in Rome.

Pope Francis, the successor of St. Peter.  Some non-Catholics do not realize but it Catholic tradition that has been passed down for ages that St. Peter's body actually lies under the spot of St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome.  St. Peter was crucified upside down there around the year 60.  Every pope that passes away is also buried in the cave like catacombs beneathe the Cathedral.

Shocks? He belongs to the church, and not vice-versa!! Good for him (and we Catholics)!! More liberal media garbage to be divisive, and keep the rivalries between religions going.

I saw Rob Zombie do the same thing at a concert. Cool how some people aren't paranoid.I saw Rob Zombie do the same thing at a concert. Cool how some people aren't paranoid.

I'm really starting to like Pope Francis. Going to the people at his own risk of harm; what a brave man and looks to be a great leader. If only our leaders were so brave and cared for the people not only people with money.

I think this guy actually is a man of the people.  Could you imagine an American leader ever just going out on to the streets and talking to people without the expectation of a photo-op?  The more I read about Pope Francis, the more I like the guy.

very neat to see a pope that likes to meet and shake hands with his followers, its just to bad that a devil among us will probably try to hurt him.

"Forgiveness"... That word has been popping up in my life very frequently as of late. Maybe a little soul searching and forgiveness is in order.

Guddemn dude.if you walk among the un-washed instead of hiding behind bulletproof glass like Bentdik folks might believe in that FAITH &amp; Jesus stuff.

He won't stay in a pope cage..

The world has become a ghetto.  I grew up thinking that the pope was Godly.  To think that anyone would want to harm the pope is still unbelievable to me, however it is what it is.  The pope is a courageous man.  God .bless him as he moves forward in these trying times

My Gosh! Jesus walked the streets of Israel and Jerusalem for years and no one made this kind of fuss over him.  I'm beginning to think that people are getting a bit too much into idolatry with this guy. He isn't "holy" folks, he's an old man who has been practicing a false religion all of his life.

I am not Catholic but this man seems genuine no matter the religion.Go Pope!!

Did they let the Pope get away from his teleprompter?

He should tell Biden to stop supporting baby murder.

It would be good if he took dumber than an ashtray Biden and shook some sense into the idiot!  Biden has forgotten his Catholic heritage and made a mockery of his religion and needs to be shaken back to his senses!!!!!!!

I am not a fan of Catholicism, my comment history reflects this. But so far I am almost liking this guy.

I'm sounding like a broken record, but the more I hear about and see this man, the more I love him. He simply doesn't get into all the pomp and circumstance of the office. He'll have to accept some of this, but I'll be it'll be begrudgingly.

He may wade into crowds, but he walks on water.

I cant help but smile every time i see Pope Francis what a breath of fresh air unlike DC god bless him !!!!

i cannot even begin to imagine what it's like to be one of his personal security men,but he is a breath of fresh air, a very unassuming and humble man, may God continue to bless him with that he could possibly need,long live Pope Francis!

Sounds like a good man, not much of a religion person, but I can respect anyone who is willing to put himself out there, and make a difference in the world. So far so good. 1Love.I like this guy already and I am not a Catholic

Plain and simple his nose is out of the Good Book, Pope Francis is a Pope for the people.

The Pope is truly a Jesuit priest.Simplicity with a human touch...Think Good then do Good.

Give him a chance!

He loves people &amp; looks like he has a pretty good sense of humor(I can see the guards having a caniption...lol!).

I am not Catholic, but I like Brother Francis

If the pope can walk into crowds with minimum secuity why do we  have to protect a presidenet with tons of security guards and worse, why they and their  family after their presidency is over. We have enough politcians," next man up"  if something  happens.  Give me a break, if Obama went down, we go to the "next man up". Any party  really.

Sounds like a neat guy to sit and share some suds with.

He is the representitive of CHRIST ON EARTH.  he follows  the lead of CHRIST. MAY GOD PROTECT AND CONTINUE TO BLESS HIM.  AND I'M NOT EVEN  CATHOLIC!!!!!!!!!!!

Athiests take time off from feeding the hungry and building hospitals in the name of atheism to make pithy comments, angry, bitter types find a target for their venom, and narcissists find yet another opportunity to point out how smart they are and how primitive and stupid are people of faith. There is a God, every particle of creation tells us something about him.  There is not one shred of evidence to the contrary, nor even a slightly plausible explanation for this creation without a creator. The crimes and corruption of a few and perhaps many, despicable as they were, do not negate the reality of Jesus Christ nor the faith of over a billion Catholics.  God Bless Pope Francis. He's been on the scene now for just a couple days and I have no doubt that he will change things for the better in a deep and profound way.read up on the history of th epopes,  nothing short of evil powers

Maybe the road to pedophiles will stop leading to the catholic church.

careful there old man, there are fanatics there who could do you harm.

I hope his style doesn't put him within range of some lunatic looking to make a name for himself or his group.

Pope Frances I is starting to remind me of Jimmy Carter who got initial praise for his down home manner but who then quickly revealed the truly incompetent Jimmy.

Think of all the young people he could help with their chemistry homework!

Name? A first. Jesuit? A first. Argentine? A first. Is this the Pope the Curia warned us about?

He's real. Not a symbol of the new world order

Why does the Pope need security?

The Catholic Church is leading the world in a charitable way ~~ they contribute charitably  more than any other religious organization to nations across the globe...even in dangerous parts of the world....the sex abuse scandal is the work of evil....yes evil can penetrate even the church and it has....God Bless Pope Francis the first.....May he wipe away corruption and greed across the globe...May he help bring the World together in a blessed and peaceful way!! All you believers continue to  pray for our Church and Pope Francis....Rid the Church of the pedophiles and then maybe I can have faith. Also, stop picking on the sisters. They are doing God's work and do not need to answer to the Pedophile Protectors (like Levada).

Wonder if we get this reaction when Christ returns?

I'm not Catholic or even religious, but this guy is one cool dude.

Good so far until he confronts the Mordern World or the Islamic Religion, two opposed ideologies that hate each and hate the Church!

Finally a Pope for the people! Going out in the crowds and shaking hands kissing babies, a true person who seems genuine I hope he can change things within the church! Thank You Francis!!

The Honeymoon with the Press will be short.  The media went right-center in the early 2000s and the rest of the way to the right about four years ago with the last Corporate buy-outs.  The Media will not approve of his aligning with the poor.

He looks to be fearless.

Pope Francis I, is the People's Pope. GOD Bless Him!!!  He will be great to the Catholic Church and the world.  That does not mean that he will be in favor of the progressive agendas that most people wanted to be.  He still respect the Catholic Dogmas.

A security nightmare !

MESSAGE TO EVANGELICAL PROTESTANTS FULL OF HATE:By your words and actions you easily prove you are the modern version of the Pharisees---a holier-than-thou self-righteous group that condemns 6.999 billion of the Earth's 7 billion people (all Catholics, all Hindus, all Buddhists, Jains, Muslims, Jews, Mormons, Shintoists, Daoists, etc.) to burn in Hell forever in unspeakable pain and torture. Now is that a doctrine taught by Jesus?  Hardly! It is a belief inspired by a dark evil entity. Who else could inspire such hate and condemnation?Very misleading headline, I was assuming he had a cattle prod or stungun or something.

He stands before 150,000 people in the square, NO BULLET PROOF GLASS infront of him.  Wonder if Odumbo would have the cahones to do that in Chicago?  Detroit? Wash DC?  NYC?  NOT LIKELY, he, Odumbo, is TOO MUCH LIKED.   LOL

'Pope wades into crowds, shocks bystanders'????Why didn't the media report the truth? The pope stage dived the people and sent an 83 year old lady to the hospital with a serious neck injury and clipped a 13 year old girl causing multiple lacerations.

Go Pope Francis I,..a journey of a thousand miles...

I like this guy!!!!! He is a refreshing change in the Papacy.... Hopefully the politicians in the Vatican won't corrupt him....

Pope 666.You can just smell the sulfur!

We are returning to the days of John Paul II!We have a REAL human Pope.

All the World is a Stage but sometimes its better to step down and walk with crowd.

For a pope to wander in crowds is not a good idea!  This needs to stop!

Is hating the Catholic church the only thing they talk about when you go to a Protestant church?   From the comments found here daily since this whole papal resignation thing started it seems there are a whole lot of protestants who are absolutely obsessed with the Catholic church.   Catholics don't focus any time on other religions during services, nor do we sit and parse out the tiniest little possible meaning out of scripture.  We are going for the spirit of what Christ said, not the letter of the law.  Protestants hate everyone but themselves.  We're supposed to love everyone, even our enemies.This guy really knows how to put on one hell of PR campaign.

At last, we have a real pope.  Not even the gates of hell . . .

I have respects for this Pope, even though I am not the same religion; we're all humans, religions shouldn't separate humans

What a beautiful man we have as a Pope.  May God bless him and keep him safe.  He seems to be so genuine and caring.  Something our world needs more of

I like this man, he will bring the Church back to the people where it belongs. Will continue to pray for him.

I am a Protestant wishing God's blessing on this humble and sincere man.

Look at the picture of all these idiots fighting to touch the pope. Sicko cultists.

...some day his face will be in the pizza!

I bet Pope Francis is giving his security detail nightmares.  Just hope that God is protecting him with all this exposure to the crowds - just hope no nuts are hanging about to do harm.

Me thinks he'll be using the Popemobile soon.I was a Georgia deputy sheriff for many years.  For several of those I worked crimes against children, including sex crimes.  I have arrested and prosecuted several ministers and lay people working in/for a church.  These people ranged from day care workers to youth ministers for pastors.  EVERY religion with a congregation in our county had at least ONE individual arrested for child molestation or abuse......except or Catholic Church.  Being suspicious, and listening to the media hype, I investigated the priests and  individuals of the church looking for something that did not exitst.  To this day no priest or individual has EVER been investigated for child molestation.  Point:  Child molestation occurs in ALL of the religions, not just Catholic Churches.

Wish he were 56 years old!!

Dennis, my company makes medications for people like you...

The church is in a period which needs a pope with an iron hands of which Francis seems to have.May God be ahead of him.

I hope the muslims don't learn that Pope Francis is wading to large crowds unprotected.  We want to keep you around for a long time Pope Francis!

On Tuesday, Fernandez will join other world leaders and senior international envoys, including U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and the president of Jesuit-run Georgetown University, for Francis' formal installation as pope.Great, the world will send their best and we send Drunk Uncle Joe.

Just a passing thought here...could this new approach simply be used as a distraction from all the scandals and allegations recently held against the Catholic church?  After all, people seem to be quite enamored with this guy, and they also seem to have completely forgotten about more serious underlying issues.  Just something to think about.

Please yahoo, give us a 'Hide' feature!!!

homosexuals and planned parenthood will always hate him if he does not approve of killing babies and same gender perverted sex and marriage and free contraception for all by law.

I never trusted Benedict. Francis shows some promise.Interacting with people really is great.  It was what made John Paul II who he was, but if Francis wants to help the Church, this is not what he needs to do.  His one and only duty is to crack skulls with the molesters and the people who harbored them.

this is going to be one dead pope very soon if he keeps that up :(

if Pope excommunicate Roger Mahorney then I'll become a Catholic.

Massive PR campaign.  Damage Control.  Not at all surprising.  I'd like to think that one man could change all the corruption, but I long ago gave up believing in fairytales.   When something seems too good to be true, it usually is.   Only time will tell.

A Cardinal was interviewed on the street in Italy near where the Pope was engaging the crowds and he said that Francis's message is the same as the last Pope's  - that God is a God of mercy.  God has mercy on all. Except for the low-life piece of chit homos, of course..

Pope Francis, true to his namesake, will REBUILD the Church. He will show the way for ALL the world's people----a way of love, compassion, humility, sincerity, and goodness. It is a true Christ-like way. May God bless and protect him.

He seems like a nice guy. But just being "nice" will NOT bring back Western Catolics who see their official stance on birthcontrol, gays, etc as ARCHAIC. They need to get hip to reality to become credible....

If Jesus could walk with the people, shouldn't the Pope be able to do the same?

relax, He's just a man in a pope suit.

He is just a man, he is NOTHING special. The news should have to cover the changing of pastors and ministers as well. Organized religion has nothing to do with God or Jesus. Who out there really thinks that Jesus would have put on robes that cost thousands of dollars? Do you believe that Jesus would have stepped foot in the Vatican? If you know anything about the nature of Jesus Christ you have to be appalled at the riches the Vatican hoards away and much like the money changers he would have cleaned house!Italian Pope via Argentina!

OMG, a Pope in public! My world is shaken to its foundations!!!

I hope there are no pockets in those vestments . . . gotta watch your wallet in a crowd.

Thank you Holy Spirit!!  Glory to God in the Highest for giving us the right pope at the right time!

It was written do not say long and repiticious prayers in hopes of being heard. What is the rosary?

Well, I'm thinking all those dudes in the red caps are wishing they had forced him to be Pope instead of the last mess we had.

God will be with you always, Pope Francis I.

This Pope is a shot in the arm for the church.

From the moment that Pope Francis was elected to be our newest Pontiff and Spiritual Leader, I PERSONALLY embraced him with open arms.  He is genuine.  End of story.  His miraculous energy is refreshing to the church and to his followers.  God Bless Pope Francis!

Enough, already!He's asking to be shot by some idiotic gun nut.

Petrus Romanus

I like what I see so far. Some of the negative comments are most likely from individuals who would be against Jesus Christ himself as they are anti anything and everything. I guess that's the devil we need to be cautious of.

Psalm 118:22 The stone that the builders rejected has now become the cornerstone.The day Ratzinger was elected as Pope, Jorge Mario Bergoglio was the man who was second in the conclave of 2005, and now he is the pontiff, the prophecy has come true.

May God be with him in his transition

It's kinda hard NOT to like Pope Francis. He seems to be genuine, if nothing else.

The Argentine pope confused many of those he met by telling Brazilian jokes.  "How do you get a one armed Brazilian out of a tree?  You wave at him."

The Conciliar Church will continue to lose members.  And many members who leave, including young people, are heading straight to the Latin Rite of the Church, thank goodness.

Members of the ruling junta in Argentina seldom ventured out of their heavily defended compounds

They touching him as if he was saint. People, he's just a regular mortal.Pope Cornholio is out trolling for altar boys.

I don't care about Pope, where is Jesus in all these ?

overhead in the crowd.......wha's up Frankie???

And to do the good things to churches and of the world that takes a village .

And do not call anyone on earth 'father,' for you have one Father, and he is in heaven.

He is a man of God. The true copy of St Francis of Assisi.

God plz bless, guide &amp;  pope francis and give him everything as a leady to end differents in religion and world leaders and God be in them Amen....we the christians and youth are asking for your blessing everytime in your preise to grown succesfully with God in us...big love from the Gambia &amp; respect

i like this one! he dosint seem so stuck up.

King James commissioned scholars to write a new version of the Bible for England. Those scholars made many changes in the older meanings to suit their own particular beliefs, leanings, prejudices, or current doctrines. Uneducated fundamentalist Protestants keep insisting that version is "pure" and original. Any educated person, who knows better, has to chuckle. They adore a version of a book like an idol.

This poep's security detail with have to starwearing adult diapers; He is going to do a lot of things that will make them mess their pants.Good for Pope Francis, a pope for the people. He is obviously not afraid to mingle with people. Just be careful Holy Father there are crazy nuts in the world.

he isn't a child molester so he is not afraid.

biden will be there?  why him instead of the liar in chief?

God may have sent just the man needed for spiritual leadership at this troubled time in the world.

I'm stunned!  They've picked what seems to be a truly Holy man!  I like him, and I have hope now that the entire Catholic church is not corrupt.

Well, he does have mafia ties.  He has protection in the crowd.

To Doesn't Matter if it doesn't matter why must you comment here?

I'm not a religious person at all. But I have to admire and respect this man who seems sincere in his approach to his follower. However, one has to wonder if the presure that he will put to the church (curia,aka status quo) for change will cause his demise. I really wish him wel,l for he seems to be a man of the people. Buona fortuna Francisco!

God Bless Pope Francis.

Thank you God for Pope Francis!I feel pope francis will be a very welcome and change to our  most troubled world i pray for him to be protected in everything  he is set out to do

Pope Francis functions as a rock star for his troubled church.  Soon he will be crowd surfing.

He's looking for boys

Looks like this time the Holy Spirit was looking down on the church. We are in good hands.

Amen- Good for him, I hope God truly guides him

He reminds me more of John XXIII.......who will one day be called Saint John.

If he was smart he'd get out of that mess as quick as he could. Thinking you are a representative of God on earth is asking for trouble big time. I think Benedict figured out he'd better get out of that false religion and become a Christian. Rome is going to be destroyed.

he needs to start by making his own church face some accountability for their pedophile ways that have been swept under the carpet.  They are criminals.

Constantine declared Christianity the stste religion in 325 AD. The catholic church began in 380 AD. Peter was long dead by 325 AD. He died in 68AD.

I'm not Catholic but I think I could like this man.All this means nothing unless he acts upon the perverted Priests who populate the Church. That is what the world is watching for, not kissing babies.

A mosh pit certainly would enliven Sunday services.

Bet some politicans are having gastric attacks! Someone not impressed with anything but the power of the TRUTH is pleading for humanity. He can't do it alone.

If this is any indication, Pope Francis will be quite popular.Now, time to sell all those Vatican treasures and use the euros to feed starving people . . . Sure . . . .

He who troll the most posts is the one who is the most sinful.

"Against  gay marriage." I'm with the Pope!

All signs indicate a humble servant of God.

Finally, they get it!  I wish Pope Francis much success!!

The catholic church could help humanity by embracing contraception...  but, noooo, it remains stuck in centuries past :(No contraception = more abortions, more unwanted children, population explosion (esp'ly in the 3rd world), social strife from over-population.

I'm not Catholic and despise a lot of things the Catholic church has been involved in. I like this guy though. He sounds like an honest, humble man who will probably do many great things for the world.I'm waiting to see the [productive] differences between this Pope and the the previous ones.

Wow a man of power in touch with the people! Hope Republicans are taking notes.

Now if he can just clean his own house of all the pedophiles and give them the punishment they deserve, life in jail with no parole.

A wolf in sheep's clothing.

Let me know when he walks on water to get to the crowds. Screw this 'wading' krap...

He shouldn't do this too often. It's dangerous. He should travel in his terrarium like the last 2 popes. It's bulletproof.

Respect the Pope..... Smart man holy guy but he's only a man turned rock star no better than the average guy

He could spend every waking hour and barley scratch the surface on the persecution of the Jews --working with Hitler --the rat line and all the children --millions they have ruined --he might start with the very beginning --the truth about Peter that was crucified in Rome --and how the Roman Empire actually started the Catholic Church--People that belong to this institution do not know it's real history

Empty the Vatican bank and give it to the victims of child abuse. Then I will be impressed. In the meantime it's all PR and propaganda. Waving to crowds helps no one and solves no problems.

Why so many religions on this Planet? Which is the 'true' one? No one can answer this, because all religions are man-made.American "believers": He's is a Christian until he is a Catholic when they find out he is a bad pope.

I love this Pope--may God blees and watch over Him and guide his tenure !!

From what I have learned  Frances was made Pope because he was the Cardinal who had molested the least number of altar boys.

It's way to many nut cases and muslims, waiting to do allah's work, for the pope to be wadeing into mobss of people.   bad ideal!

My prayer is that Pope Francis leads the church in a way that makes us proud to be Catholics once again.

The Caesars used spectacle to whip the unwashed masses into a frenzy of adulation too. It's how they maintained their power and wealth.

what strikes me wonderfully is that he only read his texts very briefly that means he speaks from his heart  i love this in him and any person it tells the truth about ones self  luv it

would you listen to Pope Francis I, or lady gaga....I'll take the Pope, thank you.

First Pope that seems to actually resemble a Christ like character and count Himself of no reputation.   Amazing how shocked the world is when a Christian acts like one.

May GOD grant Francis wisdom to lead the church. Let moslems end acts of terror! AmenGod bless Pope Francis!  Viva il Papa!

I'm not catholic, but i'd love to meet him. I'm curious about what his job is like

I think I like this man and I'm not Catholic.

He is john paul II reborn.

It is written do not call any man your father. They insist on being called father.

God will grant him more strenght. He is a choosen pope

Great Pope. Religious leaders of other Faiths should do likewise. Mingle with people to get them together despite differences in religious belief system. I hope that Nostradamus predictions about a comet destroying the earth is false.

He has a cross target right in the middle of his back.

They can continue to put out "celebrity" popes like John Paul II who will pretend things are different while the young of their parishes are violated again and again, but nothing will change.

Are we sure this wasn't Ed Wynn?As an avid anti catholic, I do find myself liking this new Pope. maybe he will finally be the one to get this cult back on track to being an actual church...

With his behaviour, he'll likely be molding the Vatican instead of the other way around.

SORRY, I DONT GET IT.

I hope he is careful.  I think of John F Kennedy who didn't use the bubble top on his car in Dallas.  There is just to many nuts out there. !!!!! God protects us in many ways but we also have to protect ourselves. !!

A man of the people , let peace and goodness spread all over the world.

Thank you Yahoo for the article.  Shows you impartiality on religions.  Thank you again.

"Francis had lobbied hard against the government's move to legalize gay marriage and make contraceptives available for free."So he's a nice guy who doesn't believe in equal rights and doesn't believe that people should protect themselves from disease or from unwanted pregnancy. Nice guy causing harm.

Watch those wallets

The catholic church, the biggest cult to ever come on the earth.

He's a little young, isn't he?Petrus Romanus lives..... Saint Francis of Assisi, Italian San Francesco d’Assisi, baptized Giovanni, renamed Francesco, original name Francesco di Pietro di Bernardone.

watch out for the charmers.

EXPOSING PROTESTANT EVANGELICAL LIES AND HATE:The Evangelicals and the dark entity they worship are growing ever more furious as the Holy Father, Pope Francis spreads love and peace. Isn't that interesting? Now why would persons claiming to be "born again" hate love and peace and the man who spreads it?PROGRAMMED TO HATEThe answer is that they are programmed from birth to HATE Catholic religion and the Holy Pope. They are taught lies by their uneducated preachers and learn to hate early on. Yes, sad, but true.EVANGELICALS CONDEMN ALL BUT THEMSELVES TO BURN FOREVER!And, the saddest thing of all is that they BELIEVE they are the ONLY right ones on Earth. They condemn the other 6.999 billion of the Earth's 7 billion people to burn in Hell forever in unspeakable pain and suffering.Yes, they condemn all the Catholics, Jews, Hindus, Moslems, Mormons, Daoists, Buddhists, Shintoists, Jains, and all but themselves to burn forever.WHO REALLY INSPIRES THE EVANGELICALS TO HATE?Now would the True God who is pure LOVE want us to believe that? Of course not! Only a dark evil entity----a demon----could inspire such lies and hate. Let the truth be told about who really leads the Evangelicals. It is not the True God, the God of Love and Compassion.WHY EVANGELICAL PROTESTANTS HATE POPE FRANCISPope Francis preaches love and compassion for ALL, regardless of race or creed. The Evangelicals hate that. Demons hate that. Coincidence?  Who really inspires the Evangelical haters?

peaceNoah PBUH the ONLY HOLOCAUST to have occurred upon Olive Garden Earths Gearth

he thought he was in the middle of a boy scout meeting

God bless and guide the Pope as he leads the faithful to a better world.

Did anybody grab the guy's wallet?  I think it has about $28 trillion from the world's poorest people in it and boy they sure need that cash back pronto!

To the true believer of GOD, no world is dangerous for GOD is with him always! I am not Catholic but Pope Francis, I do feel that he is a true believer of GOD

The emperor Constantine declared Christianity the official religion of Rome and drew from the former worship of the Goddess Diana to inject all the Goddess worship into Christianity and VOILA.........welcome to Catholicism. Comes complete with idol worship.

Why not?  If he is protected by God then God should be fast enough to block any bullets..Abortion is still murder. Homosexuality is still an abomination.

What kind of "church" allows its priests to rape the young of their parishes, be passed around to other parishes to create new victims and then to retire in comfort?  I'm a former Catholic who will NEVER walk into one of their "churches" again.  NEVER!

somehow, reading about the Pope and Joe Biden in the same paragraph just seems wrong.

"Pope" means papa=father. Says in the bible (book)," Call no man father". Hypocrites!

The more I hear about Pope Francis, the more I respect him.I declare him to be the People Pope.

Anyone that precahes forgiveness above all things is OK in my eyes!

St Francis pray for Pope Francis. Mother Mary prays for Pope Francis. I love that Pope Francis goes out into the crowds but this practice is not something that is very safe. We live in a very dangerous world.

Man-god wades into the crowds of the easily manipulated.   If you fools are in such a state because THIS man-god is humble, a voice for the poor and all the rest of the steaming bull feces that is coming out of rome then what does that tell you about the prior man-gods you idiots bend your knees to?  Religion is a stain on human history.  I look forward to the day when all religions are eradicated and the yoke of its control thrown off of the shoulders of humanity

A multi-partisan activist group established to expose and resist US imperialism, corpora-terrorism, and the New World Order ShareThisInternational Arrest Warrant issued against Pope Francis I, Jorge Mario Bergoglio, for Crimes against Humanity and Child Trafficking --Italians and others are empowered to apprehend the new Pontiff (itccs) 15 Mar 2013 The same Common Law Court that tried and sentenced his predecessor and other church and state officials has today issued an Arrest Warrant against the first Jesuit Pope in history, Jorge Mario Bergoglio. A signed and sealed copy of the Warrant is attached, and the text follows. The Argentinian prelate assumed criminal liability and became subject to immediate arrest by occupying the Papal seat in the wake of the conviction of the Vatican as a criminal organization on February 25, 2013. Bergoglio's role in the death of Argentinian citizens during that country's "Dirty War" and in the trafficking of the children of political prisoners also compelled the International Common Law Court of Justice to issue the Warrant today, which is one year in duration.2013-03-15 14:22:32

If you enjoy having sex and/or are gay thid dude aint't for you.Thank God for Pope Francis. His first appearance resembled that of Pope John Paul II who I admired so much. I hope he exhibits behaviors similar to the late Pope John Paul II as this Pope was down to earth and interacted with common people.

A wolf in Shepherd's clothing and evil to the core.

this pope is dope !!!

He's a lovable simpleton.

That is called Leading by example, do as I say not as I do is Dead.

I'm really digging this Pope. His PR Representative must be top notch or he's just an honest and humble person. Either way I'm liking the direction this pope is taking. Hopefully he sticks with it. That's all I hope for.

He is just trying to Cop a Feel

I think he his going to be one of the best

This Pope will change the world. Humanity is starved for a messenger of Peace.He has already shown great humility and lectured the press. Works for me. Anyone esle onboard?

What a brainwashed rabble. He's the exact same person he was a month ago, only now these morons are crying and desperate to touch him. Religion is a complete con job.They are losing their core audience, so they are looking to bring a new front man to the brand.

Maybe the antichrist!

Well, you know what they say: If you've done nothing wrong then you have nothing to be worried about :)

all cosmetics, no substance.  he, and his cardinals, are all nutty, old men.  period.   keep your children away from all of these guys.

I Love this Man!So many powers in the world should , but wont, learn how to govern people like the Popes , esp., of the 20th century. They only seekthe common good for all people-wihtout race, or culture getting mixed in to it."The gates of hell, will not prevail against my Church." Jesus  the CHrist.

Popes, bishops, priests no matter how good looking they are, how charismatic and all of those attractive personalities they have, they are still the person of CHRIST on earth, people should still keep a distance apart from them. THEY ARE SET APART for a mission not to fulfill your emotions, not to fall for you. The human part of us (laity) needs to be controlled because that is not who they are. One cannot just go running to them and sit on their lap like an uncle or a boyfriend. That wrong notion of being too friendly with them or being alone with them makes you the TEMPTER. If you are lucky enough to be hugged, call it a blessing and ask God to bless them back and now you are diffusing whatever feelings you have for them.

Be very careful not to be so close, it is what happened to JP2.

I really like this guy.  Hopefully nothing bad happens to him.

Based on the photos that were put up,  the press is doing an EXCELLENT job making the Pope and Catholics look like lunatics.  Congrats Francis!

Lets see Obama do that.Seems to be pulling a John XXIII ... He used to slip out a side door and go out all by himself, no entourage, just to walk around !

If he keeps this kind of stuff up some real crazy is going to go after him.

I'm not Catholic, but Congrats on the the selection of a Pope from Latin America, this was long overdue. He has a history of humility and peace.

Nowthis is the king of guy us catholics need as Pope!!!!very outgoing,humbling man!!!!i love it.A great leader!........................and then there was OBAMA!He wouldn't dare do something like this,what a coward!

At exactly 7:06 (Vatican City time) white smoke came pouring out of the Sistine Chapel smoke stack. This signified that a new Pope had been elected.Is it possible that it also announced the rising up from The Holy See (Episcopal See of Rome) the Beast spoken of in Revelations?The time of 7:06 could be a good indicator. 7:06 is exactly 66 minutes past the hour of 6 o’clock. You could also say it is 6:66.So, the Pope and the Beast could be said to have been announced at 6:66!

Hey Vice President Joe Biden, don't act like a #$%$ while your over there.

Religion is the biggest joke. Then again, most people are followers, what would one expect.

I hope he sells all the gold and treasures in the Vatican and gives the money to the people and places who could really use it.

he's out looking for his first kid to molest like the rest of them

An unthinking, brainwashed rabble. So basically members of a religious organization.Amazing all of you on here that having nothing but anger and frustration to release via your postings...maybe this is just a good man trying to spread a message of good things.  Are there so many out there that are so jaded they think everyone has an angle?

Pure Evil

Beware ...this could be the Antichrist!

God bless you Pope Francis. May you lead us to be closer to God.  May you continue to be faithful in your mission despite of the temptations of the world.

Obama would never have the nerve to go out in public without 100 Secret Service agents surrounding him.  But Obama is a King, this guy is just the Pope.  Obama and the majority of our elected officals are all legends in their own minds.

I am a former Catholic who has become completely disgusted with what the church has become.  I will never walk back into that corrupt institution that allows its priests to sexually violate its own children, without regard to religious or ethical values.

peaceDoes BIBLE mention Hitler  Holocaust upon Israeli Jews

peace'WEATHER WRATH GATE and WAR MONGERS GATE have common interest accounts

peaceDoes BIBLE mention 2 Holocaust Hitler and Noah PBUH ?

peaceREDCOWS are NON unique cowspeaceOlive Garden verison is not in Roman Bible BOOKS

peaceCovenants of Two STONE TABLET and Cow CROWN in Ark Key Basket account

peaceCrusader was no Roman Christian leaders of installing POVERTY upon majority of people

peaceVatican informs Jews saying Messiah never came THEN turns to Christians saying Messiah came,,,,Two faces of seditionist agendas

Another false religion with false idols(pope). Zeus, true god of gods, has shown us more love than this false religion could ever show. So, to all you stray sheep, will you accept Zeus into your heart today?

As a gay man, I don't agree with the new Pope on gays and marriage and likely other issues as well.  However, it's a nice change to see a humble and obviously caring person in our new Pope.

I'm not even Catholic &amp; I'm really liking him so far.

It is written do not call anyone your leader. They call him leader.

God loves him, and I do as well.  He is genuine (he insisted upon paying his motel fare), he authentic,  and he is good for our church and the world.  The world needs more hope.  Hope is bordered by trust, this man trusts hope and people.  I do to.

Finally, a believer. Yeah though I walk through the... Ya'll know the rest.Good for him; Its nice to see an official interacting with the public.

Saint Peter is alive and well. As our Lord renamed him, He said, "Simon, you are now Peter (petrus - rock in latin) and upon this rock I will build my church...go feed my lambs, feed my sheep. I pray for you and I give you the keys to the Kingdom of Heaven and the the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Long live the successor of St. Peter, Pope Francis.

Just look at those crazy fools three days ago they wouldn't have given him a second.

when will these priests go to jail and do prison time ...until then the church is a fraud...

Welcome to the grand Illusion

How about shocking us all and admitting the whole Holy Roman Catholic Church male hierarchy is a scam and a sham and resign in honor!?!?!

I hope you keep in mind the colors Jesus pointed out in Revelation chapter 17 for this Mother of Harlots? Read it for yourself from Rev. 17: 4-5.“4And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication: And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.”

Finally a Pope who is keeping his security team on their toes and getting in touch with his people. For men who are suppose to be the shepherds of Christ's flock, the Popes we have had in my life have all seem to fear getting close enough to touch for fear they personally would get hurt. That is like a shepherd who is allergic to sheep. It doesn't make much sense. It will be interesting to see what this Pope does with the Catholic faith. He says he want to take it back to the foundational beliefs and core values... we shall see. I wish him good luck, he has inherited a divided church with a recently negative reputation.

Pope reads contents of safe. Pope breaks out in a cold sweat. Pope realizes stepping down isn't an option as Benedict already has all the retirement space. Pope believes suicide is a sin. I'm just speculating but you can't rule out he is intentionally putting himself in obvious random danger by doing this if something does happen.

I am not a Catholic but I am glad to see they elect Pope Francis who proves by his lifestyle and behavior that he is a genuine great guy that cares about the poor.  The only concerns are his age and his health.  I will pray that he remains healthy and enjoys an active and long life.  The world needs genuine, kind and humble leader that really cares about people.His humour and down to earth manner, his preaching about mercy and forgiveness to make the world a better place to live in with ease has made him a man of people , and as a chosen instrument to preach and deliver people of God from being perished...  I pray for him that the work God has assigned him to do, he will accomplish it to the end in JN...

I'm not Catholic and his ascension will not make one difference in my life....but I must give credit where credit is due.  Actions speak louder than words.  His humility is a sign that he is not an "Ivory tower" leader, but a man of the people.  Good luck sir.  The arrogant and power hungry within the church will hate you.

Probabilmente sara il miglior' papa dei nostri tempi! Saro sorpresso se metta della umanita non catolica sara convertita.Hes probably the best pope that we will have in our lifetimes. I will be surprised if half of humanity that is not catholic will not be converted. And how Italian to end w Buon Pranzo! :)

Thessalonians 2:11″For this reason God sends them a powerful delusion so that they will believe thelie”

I don't think I'd let the pope handle my baby...

I love you Pope , I will pray for you.

peace(Fake) Pure Jews swears 2 Holocaust occurances

Great to see a member of the Catholic clergy "reach out and touch someone"....  IN A GOOD WAY!

I wish he was selected Pope eight years ago instead of finishing second.

No bulletproof glass limo when taking to the streets?  I'm pleasantly suprised.The pope's "humility has a kind of plastic glow. He wears clothing that is specifically designed to cultivate religious respect. He hold an office the same. His humility is one more false idol that hypnotizes the hungry without feeding them.

The previous pope was so cold.  This pope has a warm heart.

I hope his holiness pope francis the 266th will speak in simple english because all nation knows how to speak in english.rjew0u06fo0

The Pope job is open.  Some respect and decent benefits which is light-years away from where I stand.

The Pope and Queen’s Handler is SatanThe Vatican pushes its hidden agenda with essentially its own doctrine, far removed from anything Holy. And according to the Book of Revelation, Chapters 17-18, it will be destroyed, because it does the bidding of Satan, through his Synagogue. With the ever-growing news about its hidden crimes, perversions and monstrosities, this should be apparent. What more do people need, a judgement in “their” court against itself? After they hold one’s head and let one box into the air unable to reach/hit their target, whilst pretending that they are contemplating justice, their verdict will be one of injustice.In their attempts to rule alongside Satan, the monarch and the Roman Catholic Church, have deceived the whole world. When Satan offered them the world, if they bowed down to him; and they took the deal. But the British and British-related people should not follow them blindly into damnation. This is a life or death situation. If the People Israel understood their birthright as God’s Chosen, why would they choose to sell it, like Esau the progenitor of the Idumeans, instead of claim it?Do people want Christ as King or Elizabeth as queen? Do people want Christ as High Priest or keep the pope falsely there? By worshipping the queen and the pope, setting them apart as royalty, people are worshipping evil. "Know a tree by the fruit it bears, by their fruits will you know whether they be good or evil.

I love this pope!

Get the EFF out da way! Pope Frank comin' through! MOVE,  Foo!

Seems to be a Good Man . A very Humble man. I hope he is careful and God watches over him as he wonders into the crowd. 2 many Nut Cases out there.

If he would do anything good for the WORLD that would be to geta JOB and PAY TAXES.All CHURCHES and those running the same SWHOULD MADE TO PAY TAXES.l

It's about time the Popes came out of their boxes and reminded mankind of what true HUMANITY is about...taking risks, finding compromises, and hoping for a brighter tomorrow. I am not catholic, I am not an atheist, I'm not agnostic...I am Christian, and I am pleased with Pope FrancisCan anyone please remind him that votation to papacy is over and that he has already won. Its about time to concentrate and be more serious to explain to the whole world the mystic meaning of their so-called - 'holy trinity.' Clear once and for all the so-called divinity of jesus and the continuous use of the bible by other sects and denominations of christianity BUT deny the divinity of jesus.

God save the Pope!

ya he got to agood job

I'm starting to think they may have gotten it right this time. the last one spent his first week #$%$ off all the other major religions.

So uh... can we legalize (and Tax) Marijuana now?

What is the by word for the catholic church? Bring cash.

Bergoglio was a high-ranking official in the Society of Jesus of Argentina when a military junta was installed in the South American country in 1976. According to the Los Angeles Times, priests Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics were kidnapped in May of that year by the navy. "They surfaced five months later, drugged and seminude, in a field," the Times reported. A 2005 lawsuit accused Bergoglio of unspecified involvement in the abductions. Reuters explains that "the military government secretly jailed [Yorio and Jalics] for their work in poor neighborhoods."

by journalist Horacio Verbitsky, Bergoglio withdrew his order's protection of the two men after they refused to quit visiting the slums, which ultimately paved the way for their capture.Verbitsky's book is based on statements by Orlando Yorio, one of the kidnapped Jesuits, before he died of natural causes in 2000. Both of the abducted clergymen survived five months of imprisonment."History condemns him. It shows him to be opposed to all innovation in the Church and above all, during the dictatorship, it shows he was very cozy with the military," Fortunato Mallimacci, the former dean of social sciences at the Universidad de Buenos Aires, once said.

They elected this guy because maybe they think he has clever public relations skills like John Paul II.  Maybe people will be tricked by his smiles and his fancy vestments while the sexual predator priests retire in comfort while their victims continue to suffer.

Why can't one act as a decent human being ??????The new pope has a new "image," Francis I, to maybe avoid talking about the enormous corruption and sexual depravity that is their true character.  No one who cares about ethical behavior or social justice can justify this corrupt institution.

Bravery would be combating the child molesters hiding in the ranks of the catholic church,not shaking hands with a few carefully placed "commoners".

Ask and it shall be given,for anyone who cry's out thy name shall recive,seek and they shall find such graciousness,knock and it will be opened to ya!the gift of eternal life, for thy love i have for you is so alive,therefore let us humble ourselves,let us have an desire in our hearts,let us be persistent in our faith and in prayer amen.

2Th 2:8  And then shall that lawless one be revealed, whom the Master shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:2Th 2:9  Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,Jorge you are a liar and you are the lawless one.  You know that you are guilty of kidnapping back in Argentina.  They propped you up because you are the most evil.  YOU KNOW you are guilty.  The L.A. Times wrote and article about you.  You know you are the man of  sin. You are the son of perdition, Jorge.  DIE JORGE!

I am so freaking sick and tired of hearing about how this idiot man-god is so different from the others.  How humble he is, how he is a great advocate for the poor and all the rest of the steaming pile of bull feces that is coming out of rome these days.  Don't you idiots get that in you agreeing with this story line you also admit that your corrupt church state has been the very counter of what this new fool in white is supposed to stand for?  I know the religious are easily manipulated but this is getting ridiculous.  No better arguement for the extermination of all religions, world wide.

SINCE THE JESUIT CREATED BAVARIAN ILLUMINATI 1776 ! In 1773 "Infallible" Pope Clement the 14th banned the Jesuit Order by a perpetual decree due to public outcries against the Jesuit ORDO AB CHAO method of causing false flag terror, political unrest, assassinations, etc.Anyone old enough to remember 9-11-01, should relate..same Order, same supheric odor.The following Pope who succeeded the poisoned one, signed a guarantee that the﻿ Jesuits would never be banned again. Therefore the Jesuits have ruled the Vatican and over Protestant Seminaries since then "the Jesuit Order it was banned and suppressed in 1773 by a Papal decree" Now we all know why the Jesuits were being suppressed and banned in more then 80 countries and why the Bavarian Illuminati was created and why all these Pope serving Jews (Like The SMOM Roth-Schilds (Red-Shields)) have risen to places of power , we could say the answer to all﻿ these Papal Illuminati Court Jews (hofjuden) is 1773 , they are ALL controlled by The Jesuits. So﻿ that's how The Jesuit Order took over﻿ the Papacy (Papal (Ptolemaic) Bloodlines - Council of 10) in 1814 by a Papal Bull ! And That's how we find so many Masonic labour zionist in places of power.....as a front to hide the Jesuits until this very day ! Their appearance is of Priests but infact they are behind the whole NWO agenda and worked on it for at least 500 years ! Make no mistake people , true history does not lie , they are spreading many lies about this history accross the web , to try and destroy the truth. The Brittish Crown is Jesuit Controlled since King George III , They controlled The House of Stuart before that but were banned by The Protestants. The Head of The Dragon: The current Dictators of The world are Hans Peter Kolvenbach (still active) and Adolpho Nicholas The New Jesuit Superior General since 2008 adviced by The Papal Bloodlines The Council of 10 (The Arcane Arcanorum Rite of Atlantis) , Pope Benedict XVI was Jesuit trained many years before he became Pope and he grew up in The Hitler Youth.

YOU CAN'T BE SOMETHING YOU'RE NOT!  Be yourself by yourself. STAY AWAY FROM ME!  A lesson learned in life.  Known from the dawn of time.

No he may not.

Die Jorge.

Hell is not a better place.  Jorge is leading people to hell with him.THERE IS NO ARYAN RACE!  Jorge, you are a loser.  There is no such race as Aryan.  Whosoever says their is an Aryan race, is lying.

Jorge is not God.

Argentina YesterdayArgentina TodayArgentina FOREVER

He is no prince, he is an imposter.  He is a criminal.  He is the man of sin.  Bergoglio is the father of lies.

The Aryan myth has already been proven as a lie.  The entire n..a...z...i.. doctrine of racial supremacy has been found to be a fabrication.  Their was no such Aryan race.

Ratzinger was a hitler youth.  Bergoglio was a dirty war sympathizer.

30,000 dead Argentinians would agree, the "dirty war" that Bergoglio turned a blind eye on was sick and wrong.  The dictators that the American Government installed during 1976-1983 raped, pillaged, slaughtered, and decimated 30,000 ordinary citizens of Argentina.

I'll bet his security detail loves this!

Finally "a Man of the people" !

Ask Jorge about his 1995 lawsuit. ''Argentine Cardinal Named in Kidnap LawsuitApril 17, 2005'' You can see on their website, this L.A. Times article spells it out to you what kind of sicko Jorge is.Jorge Bergoglio (Pope Francis): "Women are naturally inept" checkout vaticancrimes dot us

How many of you catholics have ever read the Bible?

They still molest children after all of these years.  The L.A. Archd. had to pay 660 million dollars to their victims.  That is the most expensive child prostitution bill on record that I have seen.

RATzinger and BERGoglio have something in common.  They are both fathers of lies.

He's like that singer Prince.  He changed his name when he got famous.

Bergoglio is the father of lies.  His real name isn't Francis. His real name is Jorge.

Y'shua [Jesus] is my brother.  Bergoglio is not my father.  Bergoglio is the father of lies.

And not ONE Christian asks what he is going to do about the issue of child rape in our churches.  NOT ONE.  "He's so humble and nice".  That's enough for you?I was personally raped by two priests when I was a child.  I have always been called a liar for it.  I have endured physical abuse multiple times when I have brought the issue to light to others.  People want to pretend this problem does not exist.  And just like many Christians, they would rather punish and silence someone than deal with a problem they don't want to believe exists.  When I was 12, after I was raped so bad my colon was ruptured, I was then framed and called a homosexual by some boys in the church who convinced everyone that I was gay.  I was rejected by my friends, my family, my neighborhood.  Once I was out of the hospital I was put into a detention facility of juveniles for 4 years.  My crime?  Making false accusations against a leader of the church.  This was back in 1975.  I STILL have nightmares about what happened to me.But as everyone says, it was a long time ago, let it go, forget about it, it doesn't matter.  And my response is, what if your child is next?  Is that what you are going to say?

Bergoglio is the new father of lies, he goes by the alias of "Pope Francis".  Previous fathers of lies were lied about when their gay friends called them "saints".

Bergoglio is the new father of lies."Pope wades into crowds, shocks bystanders in Rome"Who gave this jerk a taser?

Remember people, there is no god...It's all a bunch of poop...

Hope your hosanna for him today will not turn to crucifying him tomorrow. Pope francis just be yourself and focus on your assignment. I wish you the best

They say the antichrist will stand at the place of desolation and demand to be worshiped as a God...and before this happens he will soul-replaced and Satan himself will enter into this antichrist body and take over...All roads lead to Rome and the antichrist will call this place home. Do not take his mark or break out with sores all over your body and after life your spirit will be thrown into the lake of fire for all eternity.

Don't fall for the charm offensive by the new Pope....the Vatican picked Francis like a shinny new toy to distract people from the REAL problems of the Catholic church....a cespool of pedophile priests, and financial corruption at the Vatican bank. The Pope himself has some shadowy past....As bishop of Buenas Aires, he turned his back on the 30,000 Argentines who went missing during the military reign of terror in the 1970's.

I believe that no harm will come to Pope Francis. To paraphrase Jesus in the Gospel of John, God has placed Pope Francis exactly where He wants him to be: " to obey the will of the Father and to finish the work that the Father has ask him to do". We need to always pray for the Pope so he can complete what God set him out to do.

Good is awesome!

together in mercy the world will be better politicians are not needed to change world and make it better we just need to love each other and care for one another thanks you pope francis

I wouldn't want his job

A People's Pope... it's about time.Rapist cathloic preist and their leaders who can trust them!!

What year did a bush that was on fire but could talk tell Moses the Ten the Commandments?

If he goes back to acting like the "first" pope you may see a change in the RCC.

"The Peoples Pope"...i love his humility

rock star

Those accustomed to living in darkness are afraid of the light.

BREAKING NEWS - Pope drinks a glass of water.

shame there wasn't a muslim extremist in the group ... vatican nation of rapists need to be disposed of.

thats what Francis wants to do  Swiss guard now days  secret service

I was hopping that OBAMA were the knew Popehe had a mouth speaking blasphemies..........claiming the power to forgive sins is a bible definition of blasphemy

at least he does not look like Satan, as the last pope did.

It's obvious the fame from all of this has gone to his head. Look how he grins like a school child on christmas morning when he addresses the crowds.

I have to start by saying I'm virulently anti-Vatican, I consider my Catholic upbringing an enormous detriment to my personal growth, and I find most of their humanitarian policies outdated and laughable (birth control, abortion, ad nauseum).And anyone can spout all the Divine inspirations and Heavenly mandates about the Pope's mission until the cows come home, but at the end of the day, they are a person with a job to do:  bring your flock together for the purpose of strengthing everyone's faith.  And for someone that doesn't really follow nor adhere to much of what the Vatican is up to, I must say, this Pope has impressed me more in a few days than any Pope that reigned in my lifetime.  I may not agree with much of what you're doing, but if you're willing to leave the tower and connect with the common person, you are sure to be on the right track.

I am glad that the new pope has already become popular. However, I don't think any pope will (can) change some of their traditions that do not make any sense. There is NO reason to insist on pastors to be celibate. Why is there a need to prohibit birth control?

d'new pope's 1st. job is 2clean up all d'sexual,abusive priest in all d'churches!send them all into retirement 2syria!that #$%$ german pope protected 'em!,all fictional&amp;imaginary beliefs in gods should stop,jesus fail 2save d'jews from roasting in d'oven during hitlers's regime,cause no gods ever existed!gods'names&amp;images are use only 2 lure members 2collect their$$$$$$$$!

He seems like a good guy.  Let's offer him the presidency and throw Obammy out!

God bless him, he like us all is a sinner saved by grace.Hopefully, they wont make him an idol.

When are we going to get a Chinese Pope? Chicken Lo Meng at  50% discount for everyone!

Pedo is a pedo, and head of pedo apologist organization is head pedo apologist, humble or not.What kind of "off the cuff" remarks I wonder?? maybe someting like " what up homey? #$%$ brutha"

This is scary.  Remember what they say about "those who come to you in sheep's clothing ...".

***Jer 2:13 For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.

Hope for the Catholics yet. Someone who appears to know what Christ was about.

I dont really believe in the pope thing but,ya gota love the guy for trying to keep it real.

He seems very warm and dedicated to his fellow man. Sort of like the first Pope John Paul who died just a month after becoming pope in 1978.

In a few months, we shall see how the “rubber meets the road”.  I would not get my hopes up over a bunch of platitudes made by some 76 year-old guy with one lung.  He was likely hand picked because he would not rock the boat.

Any little boys in the crowd?

I pray that some nut dont try to make a name for himself and hurt the pope when he goes out without security.

We are self-aware. We are aware of our own mortality. The Flight -Flight response to an anticipated death results in death anxiety. Resulting in the 7 stages of grief which are, shock, denial, anger, bargaining, depression, testing, and  acceptance.Plato (429–347 B.C.E.) in his Apology, due to the Cycle of Opposites, states that since people are alive they must have been once dead thus the human soul is immortal.   Furthermore, in his Platonic Forms, the material world is merely an imperfect copy (eidôla) of a perfect Idea (paradeigmata).  Hence, the flesh being material is imperfect and the soul is perfect.  Likewise, ideas are superior to material proof.   Plato again uses an analogy of a chariot drawn by two horses.  The charioteer reining the two horses represents rational thought, the good horse by the obedient will and the bad horse by earthly appetites.  With these analogies Plato espouses asceticism and self-mortification to  purify the immortal soul and mortify the flesh.   As a result from our denial of our own mortality we are reduced to live a life of mortification, self-loathing and guilt simply for being a normal human.  If this remind you of your religion there is a good reason! Plato’s philosophy  influenced  Philo of Alexandria with Judaism, St. Augustine of Hippo with Christianity.  Plato also influenced Avicenna and Averroes with Islam.Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines faith as “firm belief in something for which there is no proof.” Conversely, Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines the scientific method thus, “principles and procedures for the systematic pursuit of knowledge involving the recognition and formulation of a problem, the collection of data through observation and experiment, and the formulation and testing of hypotheses.”     The primary difference is the amount of proof required for an idea before accepting it as truth. Whereas Religion claims it is the absolute truth, unchanging and is zealous.  Science is a journey toward truth, it is self- correcting and is impartial.  Furthermore, many religiously believe in an idea even if there is proof to the contrary. The more emotionally invested we are in an idea, the less likely we are to listen to reason.  Whereas, there are many subjective perceptions of reality, there is only one objective reality and one absolute truth.  However, to ardently accept one idea often precludes another idea as truth. This inhibits furthering our understanding of reality. This is not merely an academic exercise, to be practical, it makes life a lot harder than it has to be. In fact, accepting things as they really are may be essential to our very survival. Also, the better we understand reality, the better we can utilize that knowledge to actually achieve some of what our heart most desires. All we have to do is to find the courage to accept our own mortality and live life to its fullest. Carpe diem!"Wades into crowds?" I'm starting to think he's not all there. If he's not riding in the Popemobile, he should at least be wearing a Popeflak-jacket. I hope he is.

He'll have to stop that so that no crazy turkish muslim will make attempt on his life like they assasination attempt on Blessed Pope John Paul,the muslims have become very envious and more insane nowadays

Walking is way over rated pope, put some miles on that popemobile.

He's another Celebrity Pope who they hope will make the corrupt institution seem "chic" and "cool" while their victims continue to suffer while the perps are passed on to other parishes to re-offend and create new pools of victims.  They call themselves a "church?"

He wasn't wearing any panties, or a diaper under his dress that day.

#$%$ the #$%$ pope #$%$ #$%$ #$%$ piece of #$%$!

A pope we can love. What a change!

This is a TRUE leader of people.

For those that are trying to have my previous post flagged:  What have you done behind the back of your place of worship? Do you know how hard it is to honest?  At Costco, as you put the items in your car, you discover that you were not charged on one item. Do you know how hard it is to then pay for it.  I bet you don't ;)

I guess we all find out when we die if there is a God or not...Peter was executed in Jerusalem in the year 68 AD.

Sounds like he saw the movie and/or read the book " In The Shoes of The Fisherman". Try it!

WOW! He's one of us!  Now use all the churches incredible wealth to help the suffering and I'll become a Catholic again.

do you think he will re institute the inquisitions?

be brave pope, cleanse the church of rapists and molesters, wade deep into the crowds, and vow that those you rule shall never defile humans again.  thank you and amen.

well I hope the things that they say about him are not true, because if they are then that would mean that all of the catholics don't care about the bad things and are willing to look the other way.

In 1966 my sister and I had our first encounter with a Catholic priest. He was just some aswholl in white, Our encounter with him, caused me to never become Catholic, My wife is Catholic, once she shared a story of stand in priest stating we would all go to hell if we did not change our ways. Talk about preaching to the choir. I sincerely hope for great changes, but like any large organization, there will always be those that are self serving.

I'll be glad when the new wears off.

Seeing and hearing these things of a Holy Human brings tears to me for I pray that we will one day soon we will have peace on earth, ..

But when will he request an audience with Father Guido Sarducci?I am not Catholic, and never will be, but I like his face.  I hope he takes steps to break the sexual abuse cycle within his church, and stop the policy of protecting and enabling pedophiles within the ranks.  Points to him for naming himself after a protector of the vulnerable!

Pope Francis had a mess to wade thru that his predecessors left him. The popes of the past elevated themselves above the masses. Let us hope that he can stay true to himself and the people.

I respect a man who has balls, and shows no fear.

Good start at ground level!

Yes, Mercy can " change our world " and cause Our World to be less cold and unjust, as can more Tolerance and Acceptance of each other cause more Unity and Peace.Hope

He's acting like a freaking politician. Well like Obama to be more precise. And I love how he has bodyguards. Did Jesus have bodyguards?And he is NOT the Holy Father. The term "Holy Father" is only found one time in the entire Bible. It was when Jesus prayed before he and his disciples went to the garden of Gethsemane. He referred to God the Father as Holy Father. It is blasphemy to call a man by God's name. John 17:11...If the Pope is the Holy Father now, does that mean that God is no longer the Holy Father?

Cant wait till he lowers himself to crowd surfing as way to get to recruit young people...I'm hip...I'm a Pope...and you could to!

He still a JESUIT...so watch out..you've been warned!

He should of done a trust fall off the balcony.  Now that would of been something to see.

Where was the outcry from this Holy Man when the Junta played God of Argentina?Show us his protest to the Vatican when the Junta stole the children of (The Disappeared)Where was this good Samaritan when (The Disappeared) were being Tortured, Murdered, and Tossed away like trash where no one has found their remains? Where was the Franciscan voice then? OH wait he's really a Jesuit, right.The Franciscans were the real Samaritans, they stopped the Jesuit priests from mistreating and enslaving the Indians of the Americas because they were all slowly dying.The Pope must be nuts !!....Reagan did the same thing and got 3 bullets in his chest.

What's the deal with no sex ? I wouldn't want his job...

It doesn't matter how 'nice' he appears to be...he's still part of a backward religious sect that does not believe in equality of the genders, is bigoted against many minorites, foolishly shuns condoms in an AIDS ridden part of the world, covers-up and protects child molesters. The Catholic Church can go to hell.

We can not allow the fear of death to prevent us from living life... I believe that this man, as he enters what is likely the final chapter of his life (possibly followed by an epilogue, like Benedict), he will continue to live as he has for decades, for the poor and suffering, not for himself.  Oh, and everyone out there dissing him- remember that he prays for you regularly.  Oh, yes, I'm sure he does, collectively if not by name...

Did anybody get the pope's wallet?  I think it has about $27 trillion that belongs to the poorest people in the world---who desperately need it back!

Do you know that all of Christ disciples met a violent death?

millions of people around the world worship the child molesters and see who is going to be the greatest of them and shake hand with him....you people just nuts!

Hide your little boys, the pope is on the loose!!!

why does the catholic church display the cross upside down.

ho hum  In other news 4 birds #$%$ on cars at walmart today, more at 11.Great. Now deal with the Alter Boy Problem, the Money Problem, and the #$%$ Unmarried Priests Problem. Then maybe I come back to the Church.

Weird asking a little boy if he's been good..lol...what if he shook his head no...the pope may have got a #$%$ ...creepy to ask that of a child being that the catholic religion is engulfed in such pedophile controversies...Mayne nobody else thought that was off the mark!

That picture is whats wrong with religion the 'pope' is larger than life. We are all just humans and we all live on the same planet and we are all equal no matter how great you think you are.

This pope is a degenerate who turned his back on innocent victims of Argentine brutality  carried out by the junta that ruled Argentina from 1976 to 1983.

Watch a dirty Muslim is gonna try and take him out like they tried and failed with Pope John Paul II...... they are the trouble-makers in the world of religions.

How I wish he was elected in 2005. The Church might be seen in a better light today.

As previous popes when they were first elected !

Trust people in this world ? more bang for your bucks.

2 Thessalonians 2:4 He will oppose and will exalt himself over everything that is called God or is worshiped, so that he sets himself up in God's temple, proclaiming himself to be God.That is exactly what "The Pope" does every time they "elect" a new father of lies.  He swore up and down that he is that.  WRONG, Jorge, you are a dirty old pervert.  My Creator is not a dirty old pervert.

I would sure hate to be one of the men in The Papal Swiss Guard at this time. This guy is a crazy a security nightmare even to the best trained secret service men. It just takes one crazy loonie with a Khukuri, who believes that papacy is linked to the devil to send us to another conclaveGOOGLEFrancis I: "I AM PETER THE ROMAN" - Endless deception, Hidden in plain sight goals of illuminati religion

They are a pedo ring.

pope francis, speaking to pope emeritus benedict on his droid while walking in the vatican hallway after giving his sunday speech; 'i know, dude, i totally got somebewbage from that chick. she was like 20 or something...who cares, when was the last time i got any? no, alterboys dont count. uh, neither do sheep benny lol. got to go, foods getting cold. peace out ya'll.'

Good old frankie one lung.  now for the pedophiles and #$%$.

This is what the catholic church needs.  Plus a little pedophile clean up.  Come down off that stupid pope mobile.  If he gets assassinated then that is the will of god, Right?

Should the Pope start getting rid of pedophiles then I will have so much more respect. At this time I have to say I'm impressed with his actions and words.

How many people have been murdered under the hands of this religion?

Do you think Benedict XVI is jealous? This guy is a bit like a superhero for just being normal, likeable, and holy... not what you think of when you think of the Pope.

The EVIL SPIRITS hate good, they hate peace, they hate love, they hate compassion, and they hate men who preach it.Now, on these blogs you see hundreds of hateful comments condemning, insulting, and hating good Pope Francis who is preaching compassion, tolerance, love, and peace.Many persons making such hateful and derogatory comments about the Catholic religion and the pope call themselves "Christian" or "born again." Really?  Jesus preached, "Love one another as I have loved you." He meant EVERYONE, not just those who believe as you do.He also said there is a new commandment: LOVE ONE ANOTHER.Now, who hates good and good men? Answer: Demons and evil spirits. Then who is really inspiring all the so-called born again Evangelical Protestant Christians and others to hate our beloved Pope Francis?  The answer is obvious.Such hate and venom certainly does not come from the True God who is pure LOVE. It comes from the dark evil entities and they inspire men to feel and speak as they do. Look at yourself deeply in the mirror--------especially those of you who accuse the Pope.

Go Pope!I'm so tired of this horse #$%$!....

Heaven does not endorse corruption.

Gee, how come I never read in scripture that Jesus "shocked" the crowds by walking among them? The Catholic church represents God like MacDonalds represents fine dining and those insisting on following it will lose their soul.

I laugh when people say the new pope is a humble man.  A humble man who preaches the word of Jesus does not adorn himself in the finest clothes and sit on a throne atop a treasure worth billions.  This is not humble.  He's the CEO of Christianity INC.

If that was in the US, someone would have shot him.

he is jst like a sinful being like me maydbe he is more than others(thou shall not call anyone father on earth unless the one in heaven.)

Pope Francis I seems to take his pilgrimage in this life like Jesus.  Trappings and many Church's rules are made by humans but Pope Francis shows that Jesus was open to all and Faith is beyond walls.  I had a near death experience and was blessed to pass to the other side but no one asked me what Church I attended.  But they new I had faith in God through Jesus and the Holy Spirit.  This is what counts.  I pray that Pope Francis keeps traveling this path.

What a phoney Pope...criminal complaint against him for kidnapping and associated with death squads and we treat this man like nothing happened...pitiful

These comments are the reasons why we are seeing hell.  Open your minds and see!!

He saw a 12 year old boy in the crowd that he was trying to get to.The Catholic Church is anti-biblical.

He will soon die.

According to the bible there is only one Father to which all men bow.....Men and women are supposed to behave in a Godly manner even though they aren't gods. If we are not to call our dad's Father, then we are dishonoring their roll in our upbringing. Every man and woman are responsible for teaching their children the word and way of God. No man is a Holy Father, there is only one. But each man is supposed to be a reflection of that ONE!

Vice President????????????  Our potUS should be there.  He is the one that is suppose to represent US...........sad,  this potUS is so for himself.

Beware the deceit of the devil pope.

Is the catholic church paying Yahoo to "cover" this so called pope news?Man, enough is enough. Get on with the investigations!

Thank God we have another Pope. Let us get to business now.

Benedict must be like: OMG, they like don't appreciate me. Maybe a few new diamonds will cheer me up...

If he is such a poor man's pope, why does he dress like a millionaire and have body guards like Donald Trump?  Jesus didn't have body guards.  Jesus didn't call other men "father" Mathew 23:9 is a verse to read.

I will never endorse a man who calls himself "father" or expects other people to.  He should stop the title all together.  Does he pray to himself?  The title of "Father" is only reserved for The Creator of Heaven and Earth.  Bergoglio can only make a mess, he can not create anything.  That's probably why people started calling their male guardian or sperm donor "dad".  I'm glad I have the option to call my dad DAD.  My Father in heaven doesn't approve of statues, graven images, lofty titles to men, #$%$, molestation, cheating on your spouse, wearing expensive clothes, storing up "treasures" here since it's only a temporary life, corruption, burning incense, vain oblations, forgetting the shabbat, or anything that the bible says not to do.  My Elohim reigns supreme.  My Elohim is YHWH and his only begotten son is Y'shua who is the King of Kings and Master of Masters.  Bergoglio is an imposter.if he keeps that up some nut case will kill him as the one that shot regan for no reason

Good ol pope, we're getting these media driven leaders.  This guy looks like a talk show host and we've had Obama the international stand-up comedian running the country for 5 years, soon enough we're gonna have China's leaders in commercials for everything.

I find Pope Francis a simple man, where you can find joy in simple places- a place that's in your heart

Just be careful that your hope is not in a man, even if he is the pope.  Hope in God.

Papa Francesco I  should beware not to make the same mistakes Papa Johannes Paulus I made in trusting or exposing the Vatican mafia's financial and sexual corruption. Otherwise, he may end up mysteriously poisoned and die soon into his term like his predecessor. Beware of the Ides of March!

I won't be amazed until  I hear some real actions towards equity in the church, and addressing the abuse issues.

When one sees a handsome catholic clergy, right away, go to God and thank Him for that priest and all human feelings you harbored about him will be diffused. Avoid placing yourselves there as a TEMPTER and you may not even know it. They are priest set apart by GOD for Himself for His mission on earth. Keep that distance or you become that snake in the garden of Eden.

They are sick old men.

Soooo...I guess this means he is a little nicer and not as well dressed when he rapes little boys.  Okay I like him.

He has God as his armor, or at least that is what we are led to believe....the Pope should be the last person on earth worried about dying......that would be an oxy moronHe waded into the crown to cop a feel on some little boys with nobody noticing.

Same old same old.

He's human and imperfect like the rest of us.

I think the new pope is a gangsta!!! Serioulsy tho he seems he is not like the other religious leaders who look very committed to their faith but ends up raping people. He seems open and honest!!!

How d'ya know it weren't Jonathan Pryce in costume? Or Tom Conti?

It's good to be the Pappy. I hope he's having fun. But, people have to realize he is required to set an example for the world. And, there are rules.

He's doing the right thing by going amongst the people.  Unfortunately this world can't stand to have love and beauty in it for too long before someone tries to stamp it out.Someone's going to try to martyr this amazing man someday.  I'm not wishing for it to happen, obviously -- I'm just afraid that I know all too well how some segments of humanity work.  Those of us who pray, should start praying now that, when it happens, he comes back stronger.

Those of you making crude jokes about a man of tremendous faith who by all standards seems to be a great leader and disciple of God's teachings should be ashamed of yourselves.  I mean grow a heart and stop being so callous and cynical.

The Catholic Canon is apostate.

zero guns there!He was stalking a 10 year old boy and wanted to get him some.

hes not Jesus Christ... so what?????

Are people really that gullable to think that the pope is some sort of deity? wow what a lost world. no man can see God except he go through christ.

Pope Francis is a modern Pope and an easy going fellow.

A lot of people will die today and everyday because of the belief in God,Ban god Obama you piece of shet.

I like him. I heard he is a very kind man that helped the poor and underprivileged. Good choice. Hope no one hurts him.

When is he gonna own up to his crimes and turn over the priests to authorities to face punishment for pedophile child rape? Other than that I dont care about the Nincompope

He could not find any young boys so now he is angry, he will find them somehow.  Religion is at the core of our violent wars, fighting and separation of self.  The only more ignorant thing we do is to believe. I think they are using him as a offering to save the church (drug store) from unknown (yet) actions.  We shall see.

Hide the babies! Quick!

He will never be a God.  He will never be God.  He will never live after he dies.  He will die twice.Yawn........

I believe in the Creator of Heaven and Earth, I believe in his son Y'shua.  I don't believe in the Catholic Church and I don't call other men "Rabbi" "Reverend" or "Father".  Where ever two or more are gathered in his name, there he is.  He may not approve of what's going on, but he is there.  Those pretend men are only going to hell.

The "Pope" is apostasy in action.

some old dude in fancy garb,so what?

The Pope is up to a good start

without ignorance god is nothing

All this for a god that doesn't exist.

it's just an old guy in a fancy costume, nothing more, get over it, sheep!

He's fishing for men and little boys just as jesus and his band of merry fairies did before getting whacked or crimes against nature.

People - emancipate yourselves from the guilt that this "church" has perpetrated on humanity through the last 2,000 years!  Why was it a mortal sin 40 years ago to eat meat on a Friday, but no longer a sin?  Were the previous popes not infallible?  If they were, answer the first question.He is just a man like any other man.  People need to stop thinking a pope is more than just a man...we are all equal.

Can you imagine the amount of tail this guy could get if he wasn't married to God?!

I am a Catholic and faithful to this religion, but as I open my eyes and listen to my wisdom and judgment, I began to lessen my trust and faith to my religion... Hoping this Pope will not condemned the gay society.

I think that there is an interesting coincidence that Francis has with the last pope of Rome according to the St. Malachy Prophecies. Malachy calls the last pope of Rome, Peter from Rome and Francis has ancestors from Piedmont Italy. The name Peter means "Rock" and Piedmont or Pedemontis means "at the foot of the mountains." Also Pede is phonetically similar to Peter especially in South America where the name for Peter is Pedro. "Peter of Rome" in the Malachy prophecies could now be interpreted to mean Petrus Romanus/Piedmont of Italy to signify or symbolize the place where the "last" Pope has ancestors from.

A WOLF IN A SHEEP SKIN.

when i see some of the comments about the pope you know who you are . it makes mewonder what a waste of an education .

"As he patted one little boy on the head, he asked "Are you a good boy?" and the child nodded."       Wow!    he goes right to work !

I smoke pot and then jiggle my nuts.

There have been several reports of groping from children in the crowd.

A dog and pony show. The abuses will not stop. The focus behind the scenes will still center on the almighty dollar, not the almighty God.Rodman, you missed your chance.

Catholics feeling their faith swiftly rejuvenated after Ratzingers slimey crawl out of the vatican, just in time for Easter tithing too, good for them. Its nice to know God takes pitty on all denominations and their leaders no matter how damned they'd be if the Bible was actually factual.

The last pope is changing his name to Pope Judas.

watch his roaming hands, lil boys....

He's guilty and his humble act isn't fooling anyone accept for those who aren't able to see and want to get promoted in the church.  The whole Catholic Church is guilty of MILLIONS of crimes against humanity.  YOU ARE THE MAN OF SIN JORGE!

im no part of this pope stuff movemnet   i have my bible and one on one relashionship with the father lord jah  me lion..

Jorge sounds like he has a chip on his shoulder.

Buenos Aires, June 4, 2007 (Telam) - Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio, Archbishop of Buenos Aires, said that "women are naturally helpless to exercise political positions", referring to the presidential candidacy of Senator Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. "The natural order and the facts show us that man is the being for politics by excellence; the Scriptures show us that the woman is always the support of the thoughtful man and and doer, but nothing more than that".

He is the lord of the pedo rings.

Out cruising for little boys, just a bunch of sick pedophiles, thier disease will never stop..We can be sure of one thing, equality is not a Christian value.

If he really tries to take money from the church and give it to help the poor people like Jesus would have preached, then the Vatican is probably going to have him assassinated.

There is "hope" in our hearts again.

Maybe with this pope the Catholic Church can move from the 14th century - all the way up to the 16th century?:)

Catholics are not scriptural.

I like him already. He is down to earth. Its what the church needs to fix some of the problems. Someone that will get off of the thrown and get his hands dirty.

He's trying to meet the little boys as soon as possible.

#$%$!!  I thought he body surfed. Now that would be cool!!

No one SHANKED him?

This Pope has big balls, unlike many Catholics whom hide behind the church.Bergoglio housed fugitives of the neo-n..a..z..i...

Betcha when it comes time to go to Heaven he scratches and claws to go to a hospital instead. If hospitals are better than Heaven, Heaven must really SUCK. Sarcasm, of course. I just think religion is bunk, and no one proves it better than those who promote it. While there are evangelists around the world telling us how great Heaven is, only a very few felt that way strong enough to make the leap of faith. People can balk at Jim Jones and Marshall Applewhite, but THEY PUT THEIR MONEY WHERE THEIR MOUTH WAS. Lots of radical muslims go that route, but they live a life too miserable to want to hang onto anyway; it's not sacrifice when you have nothing to lose.

"he shook hands and kissed babies"Oh no! their new targets are babies!

They can't stop.  Leopards don't change their spots.  Priests don't stop doing their business, child prostitution from disadvantaged children homes.  Boys Town in Omaha Nebraska is one example.

The vatican buys male prostitutes.

JORGE IS NOT GOD!  He is the man of sin.  He claims to be God, and he also claims to be "the Vicar of Christ".  He's a liar and a con man.

He is not "God on Earth".  He is the father of lies.

You people are lost.

WAY TO GO JORGE!  You sure know how to insult women!

He steals money from catholics when they donate to his church.  He claims to be "vicar of christ" he also claims to be "king of kings and lord of lords" and he also claims to be "god on earth."  He calls himself and expects others to call him "holy father".  HE IS A LIARThat church is like every other church, a place where Jesus is.  Jesus may not approve of what you are doing there, but Jorge, you are claiming to be God in the temple of the lord.  YOU ARE A LIAR!!! GO TO HELL JORGE!!!