Well wadda-ya-know? On one day China vows to ease international tensions and the following day they criticize our plan to bolster our defense against the NK threat to bomard the U.S. mainland with nuclear missiles. Sounds to me like Bejing claims it's ok for Pyongyang to threaten us but it is NOT ok for us threaten to use self-defense? Anyone else read it that way?

When China speaks....nobody listens.

China is not our friend.

If china could keep their little dog from yapping then maybe we could give diplomacy a shot, but they should practice what they preach first.

So what does the World expect? The United States to do nothing against a direct threat of a nuclear attack?

If China stepped up and told NK to knock it off that would put an end to all this BS! Until they do that they need to keep their mouths shut on this matter!!!

Pretty bad, China is mad at their little Dog in NK, and when the US plans to add defense of it's own Country, They want to create a hail storm...The HeII with them, The US is gonna defend it's people no matter what the world thinks or wants....Let NK Fire off something, they will be gone !!!!!

they need too keep the little fat boy shut up

I and most baby boomers grew up doing school air raid drills and we knew we were 45 minutes to an hour away from nuclear attacks. Lots of people built underground bunkers and stocked food and water. Young people should realize the "nuclear clock" is nearly at zero hour. But it's South Korea and Japan who would bear the brunt of attack. Ignore the Red Chinese and be prepared.

So we're just supposed to stand around with our thumbs up our you know whats and wait to be attacked?

It is China's fog who increases the antagonism for all in the region. This is typical of China's walk the fence tactic. Things are not changing. It is status quo.china only cares about china.

That's like saying don't throw a bullet proof vest on if someones trying to shoot you.

Let the US put in the defense system and let China settle the differences. When N. Korea apologizes and stops testing the the nukes then the US will pull out its defense system. Until that time the US has every right to defend itself at any time and any where same as China N.Korea and the rest of the world.

Hey China: FFFFF You

I bet China would sing a diferent toon if it was China they made the threat against. They would be doing the same thing we are.

China ...when your favorite pet is found to have rabies the only choice is to put it down.The condition of N.Korea under their present leadership does not warrant support any longer. The cold war is over, we trade with you , invest in manufacturing  and have enriched your nation. Its time to call the vet and put the fat puppy to sleep.

If China doesn't like our North Korea policy, they need to bring their pet madman to heel. Otherwise we'll do it for them, whether they like it or not.It's not like we NEED the #$%$ cheap stuff China exports to us anywhere close to as much as they NEED our money...

N. Korea has always been China's dog, want to control N. Korea? Park a couple of subs off the coast of China with special targeting of Peking, message, "control your dog".

Shut the fk up China!  If you would do your job taking care of Lil Kim this would never happen........ uh well maybe not.

the world would be a far better place today had gen macauthor been given the green lightI wonder what China would do if North Korea threaten to attack them like they did with the U.S.?  IMAO.......

Question is for China is: what if China was being threatened by a strong military, warlike country and that country was threatening  to launch nuclear missiles at them and completely destroy their major city, kill millions!  China is saying that they would take no precautions? Give us a break!

A country that is in the midst of an unprecedented buildup of their own land and sea forces is telling the U.S. that we should exercise restraint in adding to our anti-missile defenses against an openly hostile government.  Well…If nothing else they certainly have gonads.

American companies that move to China now should be considered trators.

The problem with this administration, no one can not keep out of the lime light and I`m glad they were not in office in 1968 - 1970!You tell the world, what you are going to do, and how long it takes seems a breach of National security!If these statements are put out, as a scare tactic of some sort and why should be there at all!Little Fatso has declared war, against the United States and something should be done to shut "Kim Him" up period!China plays both sides, of the fence always have and always will for their own profit dealing!Neither one of you can wait, to get on national medias and spill your guts!Something is dead wrong to our men, woman military troops life be put at stake and for 30 seconds on the"camera is stupid!

Why does China really care?

Frig China. We will protect our own borders as best possible.  Take your toys and TVs and stick 'em China.

Can be resolved through deplomatic,Right thats what Nevil Chameberland said.

The hell with China! If you want to get their attention, don't buy anything that says made in china on it!

It is in China's hand to reel in their mad dog.  China should be nervous this dog can bite its master too.The true China shows its face. Issuing illogical statements of the same level as that of fat boy.

China supports North Korea. China threatens war over Islands and they feel Threatened.Wow

If China was the one getting all the flak from N Korea I bet they would put up some sort of missal defense  and not worry about outside opinion.

F  U  C  K you... tell that totalitarian, dictator, human rights violating neighbor of yours to join the human race and we'll THINK about it. Otherwise, we will arm ourselves...

Get them before they get us!

if some country in the world threatened to strike china with nuclear weapons, likenorth korea did the united states, there would be an unbelieveable build up ofanti-missile defenses, the likes of which the world has never seen before........

North Korea threatens to nuke the USA, President Obama restarts an anti-missle program of President Bush's which Obama had stopped, China throws accusatory language at the USA.Must mean China believes the missle defense really works.

China sees our missle defense shiled as something that puts them at a disadvantage.  Their plans to make the Pacific Ocean a Chinese lake is inhibited by our presence, just like Japan felt in 1941.  China has just built her first aircraft carrier.  It not rocket since, its human nature.

China, curb your dog---you could shut NK down but you use them to create instability in the region for your own agenda--- Stuff it you Chi Comm twinks

What does China expect us to do? Just roll over and play dead?  NK threatened us, we did not threaten them. We did not threaten China.  Maybe China needs to explain to NK that we take threats seriously. And scold that little fat boy real good.Gee, I wonder what China would do if they were in our shoes and N Korea threatened them. I'll bet they would do more than bolster their defenses. As a matter of fact, I'd bet N Korea would be a pile of ashes.

Why would anyone be concerned with anti-missle defense?

If China doesn't shut up, let's all stop buysing their stuff.  Then they would go belly up and demand Obama repay the loans he took.

Why would deploying anti-missile technology increase tensions unless those getting upset were in fact planning to use missiles in an attack against us?

Yes, we should take advice and orders from China.  They are real friends - NOT!

Who are they to tell us what we can and cannot do defend our Country.

Of course China would prefer we didn't defend ourselves, it's a no brainer. China's N Korea's number 1 ally.

It's ok for them to threaten us with missiles, but not ok for us to build our defenses on our own soil. Where exactly is the logic in that?

Red China needs to rein in the mad dog Kim Jong before this tyrant thug starts a real war. If Nuke happy North Korea attacks the USA or South Korea, with any kind of weapon, the war will end with Kim and his Communist regime crushed. The starved people of North Korea would finally be free.

China would be bolstering their defenses if they were threatened. Muzzle your dog China or we´ll do it for you.Why in the world would they object to the US beefing up our missile system? - we were directly threatened with a nuclear attack by THEIR ally and friend.     The anti missile shield would hopefully handle a limited attack from North Korea but probably couldn't handle a more robust attack from China or Russia, so there is no threat to them, but might save millions in the US if the NK goofballs ever manage to develop a rocket that can hit us.

#$%$ China.

Wonder what China would do if North Korea started pointing their missiles at them?

Look at that tiny Chinese guy in between two cone's....

China is the real threat here. Little pilsbury dough boy, Ding #$%$, is nothing.

I think China's real problem with the missile shield is that they're paying for it.  Maybe they should stop lending us money.

China is never on the side of the US, and should mind their own business, as they were not threatened with a preemptive nuclear strike.

Don't like it China then slap down your little bizarro puppet.

I am sure that China does not want the US to build up any of her defenses.  If we become more prepared to defend ourselves against NK, we will be more prepared to defend ourselves against China.  In the mean time, China continues to build up their military forces on all fronts.

as chris jericho say.  china can just shut the hell up and mind thier own business.  if north korea wasn't making threats and developing nukes we wouldn't have to build a larger missle defense.  soon we will need more to defend ourselves from IranIf NK threatened China it would be a different story.

Pardon  us if we respond to a threat by strengthening our defenses rather than just launching a strike against the little toad.  At the risk of "antagonizing" the poor kid....

maybe obama will outsource our nuclear attack protection to China after all don't they make the bullets for our guns and everything else as well.  they will protect us as they dam near own us with all our debt obligations they hold

remember you can't trust a commie or muslin , they are not our friends , don't let your guard down , be prepared

I see they have a couple replicas of Mickey's wizard hat from Fantasia.

How much more defense can we get with 74,000,00? The cost we are saving not having White House tours each week.

I don't get it???? America wants to increase its "missile defenses", after threats from North Korea, and China protests us do that?? I'm reasonably certain that China has lots of "defenses" they call their own!! So, what's the big deal????

I find it amazing that the idea of taking a defensive posture is considered innappropriate by China.  Every country has not only the unequivocal right to defend itself but more importantly an obligation to its citizens to do so.  If North Korea were to fire a rocket in our direction and we were successful in shooting it down, thereby resulting in zero deaths, I wonder if China would consider that action an act of war?  That is utterly insane.  Wasn't the "success" of the cold war the fact that both sides were detered from taking offensive action?  I find China's rhetoric unacceptable.  Now, if China was complaining that the US was going to invade N. Korea, I would understand that issue and agree with them.  But this makes no sense.

China is showing her true colors here. You keep buying her junk sending her more of our money yet she is really our enemy. She attacks us and steals from us (cyber war) and builds up her military. Are Americans too lazy or ignorant to pay attention to this? Wake up people!  There is a reason China continues to supports North Korea.

shut up slant eye...  Worry about your own friggin country not ours...They said they would nuke the United States, get over it China!

I been to China. It looks like an overflowing toilet. Their rivers are purple, skies are brownand people where covers over their mouths. They dont utter a word about their government or risk jail time. Go ahead and protect NK, another rathole.

FU China, that crazy prick isn't threatening to nuke you.

its a shame we canceled the antimissle program back in 2009, we have lost 4 years and now the cost has shot up. North korea isn't the only country with a "great leader"; look at how well everything is going.

So, We're suppose to give them a free shot?????? (G)(O)(O)(K)(S) be talking crazy....

What happens when Pyongyang decides to nuke China?

The missile defense system is a DEFENSIVE system.  Don't know how China can be concerned about the US better protecting itself from the rabid dog in North Korea.

China is not the one being threatened by "Fat Boy" either. Not that "Fat Boy" has the means to deliver but we have to be prepared. No more "Pearl Harbors".

More deaths can be caused by political posturing than even bad driveing .As long as political bums can gain power or atleast the alusion of it by political posturing the treat of war is upon us working people.The U S A has the ablitity to create the amount of putoniom to pulute the world behond habitation for 1000s of years , may we should then any Nation that attacks would know no one survives the war. Sounds extreme , but war is a no win game , even if you win the war you have loss a lot of young people who might have done great things if there was no war.How many of you farmers out there have started a war ? How many of you factory workers have started a war ? What about you store employees ? Or any of you non governing people ?I ask this not only of my Nation but all of the Nations . How many of you non government people have stated a war ? Please let me know I could write a papper on the subject.

Regardless what China or anyone else says, in my opinion, another case of overreacting to a mini pipsqueak roaring like a little rodent.  What exactly does the regime think wasting a couple billion for an assumed launch of a missile from N Korea is going to buy us?  Do we not already have some kind of defense, or have we been led to believe another big lie?  I suppose those expensive warships patrolling in the Pacific are all show, if so, then put them in mothballs.Our national response should be, "Aaa, Shadup."

Are we to believe we don't have a  defense in place already?

China, they aren't aimed at you, but an arrogant, ignorant country that is talking about a pre-emptive strike on the USA.  A declaration of war korea issued against  the United States.  MY HOME and COUNTRY!  And WHY are we, S. Korea, etc., supplying them aid?  This I don't understand at all.

"responsible attitude and act prudently." you stupid Chinese let this #$%$ get out of hand and you tell us what and how to react? get bent...........

It would also be effective against missiles from china?

To China:  If you want us to strengthen our anti-missile defenses then sign on the dotted line to your agreement that a nuclear strike by North Korea against South Korea, Japan, or the United States will be treated as a nuclear strike against the United States homeland and when we turn North Korea into glass, we will do the same to you, as we would to any nation that aids or abets nuclear terrorists.

Translation:  China understands that such bolstering would negatively impact it's own ability to deliver a nuclear strike to the territory of the US and it doesn't like it.

Quite frankly I don't give a damn what they think.

Both China and Russia don't like us beefing up our missile shield where it could have an effect on their missiles if they launched.

Let's see here.China is ramping up military spending and has also taken the place of one of the top arms suppliers in the world.China has land disputes with Japan and Taiwan.Now China doesn't want them to have a defense against missiles.Hmm. Seems like China wants to have the guns, but doesn't want others to be able to defend against them.They thinking of starting something of their own? Maybe using NK as a pawn?China should mind it's own business.

The whole deal backfired on China but not to worry. Our anti-missiles only hit targets with homing beacons in them.

Put in defense system or flatten NK.... choice is pretty clear to me.

What we do in our own country is no ones business,let alone Chinas !! They don,t know what to do with their NK client state.I bet Chinas leadership is getting a bit jumpy at the actions of their so-called ally!!

NK has been a rogue state since the 50's. It's time the world realized that and did something about it.

The communist china backs the communist north korea neither country can be trusted

Then reign in your mad DEAR KIM,  We will lock him up with Rodman, and a bunch of other NBA Thugs, he will be in heaven.  McDonalds for all.

Dear China,#$%$ offSincerely,US

China is a lot like all those anti-gun nuts.  They both do not want people to have the ability to defend themselves against a government they support.

who cares what red china thinks,, they need to muzzle their little fat dog in NKOriginally they were talking about "bolstering west coast defenses" which is halfass because N.K. does have a sub fleet that could just as easily head for the east coast.Anyone else notice, this latest crisis became larger once military spending cut's had been announced.

FK you, Chinareign in your little b*tch of a country

If China wants to put a damper on the problem with that little pis-sa-nt and the US, they are talking to the wrong people.  China just don't like the idea that it could result in a battle to close to their homeland.   Another thing China should remember is that it won't be like the previous wars.  They won't be playing with BB guns this time.   We had a giant Bar-B-Q in 1945 and if this little piece of fungus gets too far out of hand, we could have another one.  If China wants to helpfull in this matter, they should be throwing the monkey wrench to their little allies plans next door.  If this little #$%$ gets it started, it could easily spill over into China's territory.

So a country threatens to nuke us and bolstering our defenses will intensify antagonism?  Give me a break.  While I do think our response gives North Korea way too much credit it is far from provocative.

the two red coney things ??? are those alaskan gnomes sitting in the front row

Hey China. . .the little fat boy with a bad hair cut is YOUR problem. YOU make him go away or we will do what is needed.

sounds like china is trying to play both sides of the fence

Diplomacy has not stopped North Korea from obtaining nukes. I also doubt it will stop them from deploying them. Should we take a nuclear power threats with a grain of salt? I don't think so.

And the real China has to come out. Still the old China. Still supporting NK. Still schemeing. Still destabilizing...Same old China!

F*** YOU CHINACommunist China cant say a thing as they sat on the do nothing fence all these years....Now that the belligerant boy leader is being dealth with they complain....F- for China as they allowed the extortionist regime in N.Korea to start the arms race and they let things reach this point...it will be settled without Chinas influence now as they empowered the brat.

Ah, the voice of pacifism.  Don't antagonize the bully; you'll just make it mad.

Here is an idea for China.. Get your little dog (North Korea) on its leash before someone smacks it nose with a rolled up newspaper...

The North Koreans are the ones who started this. You cannot make threats against another country and not expect retaliation  tactics. So my words to china is "UP YOURS"

but promising to nuke the U.S. is OK?!?!?

Hey china, muzzle your lap dog north korea or go eff yourself.

Here's a clue for ya' China.  These interceptors are for you too.....  After all, you're still buddies with these insane meglomaniacs.  And, there also for anyone else who tries to upset our calm.

WE have just as much reason to protect our selves as any other nation on the planet. No its NOT ok for the little DICKtator to threaten the peace/ armistice between the North and South.

China does not have the right to tell us what we need to do for our on protection. They are the ones who can do the most to defuse this situation and have an effect on North Korea.  China provides most of the food and needs of North Korea.  If they chose they can threaten or actually reduce or cut their  support.  Of course as usual the people are the ones suffering and who  will continue to suffer for their power hungry leaders decisions.

Well I am not for escalating anything that would lead to war.  However every country has the right to protect it´self based off of what is seen as a threat.  The interpretive stance a country has concerning that threat is solely based off of how that threat is seen by them and not by how others choose to view it.  If any country that has the ability to secure it´self (this also includes China as well) from a seen threat and makes the choice to waver could potentially face devastating consequences by leaving a front open as a "gesture of good will" to the international community.  It doesn´t make sense and there is absolutely no logic in it (not unless that logic is to keep yourself open to a potential danger).  It is proven that North Korea does in fact have nuclear weapons.  How many?  Not sure, but just one in the hands of a regime of this nature is too many.  Unfortunately we can´t really do anything about it, and neither can China anymore.  However since North Korea does fall squarely into the sphere of direct influence with China, perhaps it would be a really good idea for Beijing to finally say "OK North Korea.  That´s quite enough".  Time for China to tug on that leash a bit to get them back in line.  If they choose not to go this route, then more than likely those countries that have the ability to protect themselves from possible rogue behavior will continue along the path they are currently on with building up their missile defense.  That ball is squarely in China´s court.  If you want to prevent escalation, you need to step up to the plate and get the North back in line.  That´s your lap dog and your responsibility to clean up.You heal China all the time yaking about US intervention on its internal policy. Missile defense is a US "internal" policy, so sharaap  Hong Kee or whatever your #$%$ name is!

noteTOchinaFUCyou

Now your talking a war!!! threats are crossing the line- USA USA USA

If the countries want the US to stop developing ABM systems, they should stop pointing the missiles at us.

China and the US should jointly tell North Korea that in the event of an attack by North Korea on South Korea or any other country, both the US and China will declare war on North Korea, and while the US bombs the military installations into the ground, China will send the Red Army in from the North to take control of the country.

Chuck Fina, and the Russians for that matter, their Idiot Stooges, the DPRK ask for it, we don't need their permission to provide for the defense of America.Someone needs to remind them that they were on the DPRK's side at the beginning and Cease Fire of the Korean War.

North Korea through it's actions demands that S. Korea and Japan take steps to protect themselves. It's pretty apparent that N. Korea is antagonistic no matter what S. Korea or the US or the UN or even China does....

If Nukes are not for Threats by Other Nuclear states well what are they for?

UN or not the one thing China is not going to do is let North Korea fall in to the hands of the South or the U.S.A. They will give North Korea all the backing it need to fight the South Korea and the U.S.A.

What would China do if NK said it would send nuclear missiles their way?China can go pound sand!

Why do we have Nukes? To defend ourselves from Threats like this?

It amazes me that N. Korea has threatened us with a nuclear strike but our politicians are worried about Iran which according to investigations, isn't even trying to build a nuke.

Screw China!  They can reign in their pets on the peninsula or we destroy them.  That should be our policy not this butt kissing crud of "OH! Golly Gee!  What are we going to do?  Guess we need more missile defense.  Bull Crud!  We need to tell China and the idiot North Korea that we will destroy them and anyone who looks like them if they do not shut up and stand down.  Enough is Enough!  They are threatening the lives of millions of Americans and we cannot standby and let that happen.

I think China is attempting to sound rational. Of course, after they've pandered to the rogue nation for 60 years and propped up its increasingly schizoid despotic leadership and ignored the plight of the country's starving populace...  IT.IS.TOO.LITTLE.TOO.LATE.

Why don't the chinese act prudently and tell the little boy up north to back off, he's about to get a dose!!!

If China's complaining, we're doing it right.

Bet china shuts its pie-hole if we borrow a few billion smackers from them to build the thing.

China said U.S. plans to bolster missile defenses in response to provocations by North Korea would only intensify antagonism, and urged Washington to act prudently............. It would have been better if China had acted prudently with its ally North Korea!

It's coming to light that China is selling weapons to North Korea, and if that's the case- of COURSE they don't want us to protect our west coast, from them as well as North Korea.China sucks and I wish that we would never receive any more products from that country forever and we would be better off and then they may humble themselves.

I agree, red commie china really wants to steal the US technology especially anti missile defence and just pretends opposing it!!!!

Note the word:  "Anti-missile!!!!!   These are defense devices.  They don't get fired unless someone fires at the countries that have them.  Duhhhhhh, don't start a war and no one need push the defensive missile launch buttons.  What part of defense don't you understand????  So what's the beef by the Russians and Chinese or do they have a hidden agenda that calls for war with some  other countries??????  This inquisitive person would like to know.  Methinks the "lady" potests too much eh????

China is worried that, when its red headed stepchild, North Korea launches a Nuke at The U.S.A. we will swat it down in their own back yard.How about if we just carpet bomb Pyongyang right now w/ Lil'Kims palace at ground Zero and nip it in the bud right now!China would never stand for threats of this nature and neither should we .

December 10, 2012  2012 DOD CMSD, p. 6. See also p. iv. Another observer states:China’s active defense strategy has a maritime component that aligns with the PRC’s 1982 naval maritime plan outlined by then-Vice Chairman of the Military Commission, Liu Huaqing.This naval strategy delineated three stages. In the first stage, from 2000 to 2010, China was to establish control of waters within the first island chain that links Okinawa Prefecture, Taiwan and the Philippines. In the second stage, from 2010 to 2020, China would seek to establish control of waters within the second island chain that links the Ogasawara island chain, Guam and Indonesia.The final stage, from 2020 until 2040, China would put an end to U.S. military dominance in the Pacific and Indian Oceans, using aircraft carriers as a key component of their military force.Recent Chinese military developments, rhetoric,and actions reflect implementation of this maritime strategy, on pace with the projections to seek control of the first island chain.(Prepared statement by Stacy A. Pedrozo, Capt, JAGC, USN, U.S. Navy Military Fellow, Councilon Foreign Relations, Before the U.S.-China Economic &amp; Security Review Commission, January27, 2011, p. 2. For DOD maps of the first and second island chains, see 2012 DOD CMSD, pp. 40and 42.

i think that everyonhe is china is on drugs... they pamper north korea and veto everything brought up at the UN and then make a statement like this.... im telling you .... drugs.. they are all high......

Wake up people... Every time you buy Chinese made junk at the local mega store you are supporting a country that says we don't heve the right to defend ourselves against a potential nuclear attack from their proxy North Korea. China is NOT our friend whatsoever and we're slowly selling our country to them!

The best place to position US antimissile defense against North Korea is in China.  The best way to hit a North Korean missile is in the production plant.  The second best place is on the launch pad.  The third best place is shooting it from antimissile launch from China.  Obviously, space based laser and in-air antimissile launch is also wise.  If North Korea can't lock and load, it can't shoot.  If North Korea can't build it, it can't lock and load it.  It appears that the California basing is a strategy to sell more missiles.  Current 50% chance of a hit makes the California basing strategy questionable.  The California basing strategy guarantees high risk.  If the threat missile is actually hit in space, one still has the threat of radiation and space junk.  The space junk threatens all nations space business.  Solution: Defeat the North Korean missile threat on North Korean ground; never let it launch. Place of build and point of launch kill is the most effective strategy.

I got a better plan for China. Control your little puppet,and stop supplying them with technology to intimidate and harass their neighbors.

What?  Bolstering our missile defense in response to provocations by North Korea is both antagonistic and provocative? ...sounds like the administration's attempt to destroy our 2nd right to defend ourselves, don't you think? Two fascist, socialist regimes espousing the same course of action.WWCD if some idiot country such as North Korea had just successfully testeda nuclear device, successfully sent a rocket into space and then threatened  toput the things together and strike Beijing?  Yes, we need to take all such threatsseriously and be ready for anything in an unstable world.

I guess that China doesn't see North Korea as a bully on the Korean peninsula.  A nation state that would bully by threatening those nation states that would give aid is nuts.  That is what I would tell the North Koreans, "Nuts."  Oh, that is a quote right out of WWII in the allied U.S. Commander's response to the Germans in the France Ardennes at the Battle of the Bulge.  jmo

If this were such a "big deal" to China, why doesn't China put a stop to N. Korea's nuclear weapon and ICBM program?  The fact is, they don't... N. Korea is their little vicious little ankle biter designed to occupy our time and attention away from China

If the weapons aren't pointed at China, none exist.

And about the missiles China has pointed at U.S.??

Sometime sooner than some people may think. The US may have to circle the wagons while Russia and China surround us. These same countries are both against our recent announcements of adding more defensive missile systems in light of recent threats of destruction from the very same rouge countries that we have tried to apply sanctions to., and they also would not allow those sanctions. These 2 countries alone, Russia and China, are and will be a serious threat as long as we show too much weakness. We need missile defense to counteract more recent and more dangerous threats.

just words..china wants NK to be their launching pad and keep Beijing off the crosshairs

China will have a nuclear waste dump on its doorstep if it doesn't manage to pull the leash of its little mad dog pet, methinks.

I have never understood why the international community feels like missile defenses work against global stability.  This is not the same as adding a line of new attack missiles aimed at North Korea.  Kim Jong Un started this, and has made much of proving he has developed the ability to deliver WMD.  Defense as would be my option as opposed to launching a pre-emptive strike to rid the world of this blight on humanity.

China that was supporting North Korea one one side, The United States, and the "U.N." forces,,signed the cease fire agreement. South Korea didn't. Technically, they're not separate countries, It's a civil war.But yet sure #$%$!@# China would put up there missle defense system if they had one.

China disgarees with America what a surprise lol  Did anyone really expect China to take Americas side I doubt alot of us did

Well, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei is A MORON!!! Since he is Chinese Communist, it is so wrong at so many levels.

This is #$%$!  The Chinese just want to catch us unprepared.  If NK goes to war China will back them.

If North Korea was aiming those nukes at Beijing I wonder what China would be doing about THEIR defenses.

I heard the chinese made a FORTUNE selling cookies

just as russia helped iran become a threat, china has helped NK. if china and russia dont like our missile defences, they should have been better UN partners over the years

China can't control N. Korea, so it wants to blame the U.S. for causing the problem.  China is totally worthless as a world power bec. they could care less how countries treat their people and are buddies with all outlaw nations in the world, such as Iran.  You can't keep treating them with kid gloves, nor can we keep putting ourselves in a position where we are dependent on them to produce our goods for cheap labor.  Although China owns a trillion of our U.S. treasuries, it has stopped buying our debt and is buying gold instead.  We need to put our country first and tell them to either get Korea under control or we will do more than put up missile defenses.  You can't appease countries such as N. Korea and Iran bec. they see that as weakness and will take as much as it get, knowing we are a paper tiger.  It's too bad that Bush wasted trillions going to war with Iraq, who acted as a counterweight to Iran, which is now buddies with Iran.  We better come up with some strategies that will work in terms of our debt/economy and in making this world a safer place.

China you could have avoided this by reducing nuclear arms.You refused so you will die like all the rest of this world.Then there will be peace.Thanks for NOTHING

COMMUNIST China sleeps in the same bed as COMMUNIST North Korea. If they don't like it, we will be more than happy to move all manufacturing back to the US where it belongs anyway. Then we can get back to owning American Made products that last for decades instead of weeks or months. They use our money to build weapons and laugh all the way to the bank. They direct their citizens to hack US computers, 24/7. CHINA is not any ally of the US and never has been. WAKE UP PEOPLEThe US has to do this because China wont rein "Pudge" in. If China took care of business and cut of every lick of aid and did their own threatening there would be no need for a US missile shield, so screw that!

Suckmucdick

China has a totally crazy opinion.  They are, in effect, blaming the U.S. for the acts of a rogue regime.  I guess China's true colors as a totally untrustworthy nation are finally showing.

@China:  Let’s get something straight!  The USA doesn’t want to be hit by nukes coming over from North Korea!You either support us or get the heck out!

China is correct when they say missile defense is huge problems for international community, so they need to get off their #$%$ and help neutralize the real reason for it all, which is NK, freaking idiots.

"Hong said China believed efforts to increase security and resolve the problem of nuclear proliferation were best achieved through diplomatic means."Hey fentou, it hasn't ever worked with your little b*****d buddy.  Ever.  So why don't you put on your big girl panties and tell the DPRK to #$%$?

China - You cant shoot down our....ummm, North Koreas missiles!

Let's see. Your enemy spend 1 dollar to build a missile and you spend 10 dollars to build a missile defense that may not work. Who is laughing?

Oh yeh, China.   Maybe we should just unilaterally disband our military to make you and the world happy.   Sadly, it is conceivable that our current regime would actually consider those actions.

Why wouldn't we have an anti-missle shield in place in the first place? Forget North Korea, Russia and China are still major threats. The fact that China doesn't want us to have a shield in place just tells me that we need it.I'm sure they do...because a missile shield would work against their missiles also.Hard to be the biggest bully in the area if another bully is encroaching on their turf. They lose face.

That is the exact same thing our government said, 'no don't defend yourself, get rid of your weapons, ignore the person threatening your life'.

Of course China has expressed unease at previous U.S. plans for missile defense systems and now one directed at N.Korea will actually be aimed at them.  Consider the threat here, N. Korea or China, one in the same, joined at the hip and as one goes the other will follow.

China can go pound sand.  I am sure that if North Korea threatened to nuke China that China would be singing a different tune.

Is this not the real plan, from being #1 to #3 or 4 in the world thanks to the glorious leader BHO? Enrage the world to begin WW3? The most effective way to bring down an empire is from within while the people sleep. Lulled to sleep by a charasmitc speaker whoese rhetoric laid blame on others and sped the decline with rampant abandon.

Kiss off, China - they aren't threatening to nuke YOU.

In this day and age we cannot wait until someone has a capability to destroy.  Everything moves too fast now.  So if North Korea or Iran are hellbent on making long range nuclear weapons, we must stop it now.  After they are made it is too late.  Once North Korea or Iran launch a nuke somewhere, it's too late.  A very large portion of the US Nuclear arsenal will be airborne to the country that first launched and unfortunately that will suck other nuclear powers into the abyss.

Screw China.  What a waste of life.  They need to shut their mouths as we are supporting the stupid country with our buying their #$%$ products.

Shouldn't China be more concentrated on the country that's causing all these issues?

Any question whose side China is on?  And the US owes them $800 billion dollars.their ANTI-MISSLE defenses, sorry China, go fish the rest of the dead pigs out of your water supplies and clear up your smog problem.

I say we stick our finger in their eye and then dare them to do something about it. These guys aren't going to stop their BS until we slap them down.

China maybe correct but we are running out of options.  It's time for China to step up to the table and reign in North Korea.

dear washington, you can't trust the chinesse........

China is boosting there military presence, now there worried about the US boosting there military defence. One solution would be that they put the pressure on North Korea to stop the threats of nuking the US and or anybodyelse.

N.Korea's only friend, and they are mad at us, and we still allow this ally of N.Korea to control our markets, who is stupid

"Ah Yes, we makee deflense fo' enemy meesle.  You no can do.  We China."  Seems to me no more respect N. Korea has for China means they should be doing the same thing we are doing.  Doughboy is no bigot.  He'll turn a missile, if it works, on anyone.

Shut up and just keep doing what you're best at.  Making our cheap junk.

¿But what can I do?You can look for the American flag on products you purchase.

Protect the USA.....that is one thing the US Constitution says the government is supposed to do. Protection is not aggression....tell hong and his communist buddies to (F) off....kudos to Hagel for putting the anti-missles in placeOH, I DIDNT READ THE STORY..ONLY THE HEADLINE..The chinese talk out of both sides of thier mouths... I would put patriot missle on the west coast for n. korea, and china...they both suck equally....

Hey China what would you do if North Korea wanted to nuke you.Hell you most likely would send hundreds of thousands of troops to stop it.

in the meantime, chinese factories flood the us economy with substandard poor quality products while China aligns itself with a dictator. wonderful

China, pull your head out of your rear ends.  Would you not make preparations to defend yourself if a country made such threats to you?  Deal with your wayward puppet.

Albert Einstein"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."It's getting closer every day.

I hope nobody has to question who our real enemies are. Stop buying Chinese!

Dear China,#$%$!Sincerely,The United States of America

obama will cave.like he did to russia 3 days ago.

i guess we are supposed to just sit around and wait for a launch....

China has had its feelings hurt by the strengthening of our missile defense? Aww, remind me why we should give two rats rumps what the heck they think about the situation. Admittedly, their lap dog has officially dissolved the armistice that "supposedly" ended the Korean WAR and has repeatedly threatened to plunge our country into a sea of fire by launching a first strike against us or one of our interests. China can go eat lead paint chips and chew on cadmium covered toys, all the while being mindful that if Kim Doublechin get too belligerent, they will be pulled into the fray as "unwitting" supporters of NK themselves!What else are they going to do, endorse it?

Love the photo - a midget bookended by giant dunce caps.

Why do the dictators of the world , like china, Russia, North Korea, always cry foul, when we want to defend ourselves against an attack from them?

If China would be more active in applying pressure to NK this would not be happening. If the have a don't like the way the US is handling the situation, they should do more to get NK under control.

Kim Jong Un cannot engage in rational diplomatic means, so thats ruled out.

Let the tomahawks fly...  useless fact did you know they have the ability to carry strategical nuclear warheads?  That's right those things we toss around like toys can #$%$ your world up before you even know it is off the ship (or sub) or wherever the #$%$ we feel like shooting one from.

We don't need China's permission or approval to defend ourselves, End of story.

Then China should put down North Korea.Can not have it both ways.

The antimissile defense would not be necessary, Mr  Ministry spokesman Hong Lei, if China would just get YOUR puppet state North Korea in check. It is your baby, spank it please....

this isn't just about north korea. how about iran and venezuela.. it's insane to disarm a nation with a world in conflict.I dont think we can reason with North Korea. He seems to defy everything.

We should have told the fat one he will be hurt if he shoots anything at us......

FU China, then do something with your child.

Why does obama and his Socialist minions feel the need to tell the whole world what we are doing and why we are doing it.  Isn't this a matter of national security and shouldn't that remaine SECRET.  This is just another attempt for the obama administration, better known as Clowns Inc. to get on TV. Just in case you are wondering thay are available for birthday parties.

The US fortifying its defence is going to Pizzzzzoff the North Koreans??&gt;&gt;&gt;?&gt;?&gt; I'm suposed to care.mebbe but I kinda doubt it!

John, you are right...what does the U.N. actually do besides hold conferences? When they say "jump", does any country actually "jump"...the answer is no.

To the Democrats:  If you thought the bills for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were outrageous, just wait until you get the bill for a war with North Korea.  Proceed with extreme caution.

don't threaten us and you will not get our attention

America doesn't like wasting money on defending itself and it's interests for nothing either. Remember it's North Korea making threats, "not" the United States.

We should tell China, that if N Korea shoots off anything from now on...All debt's owed by the US Government,  to other Governments, become null and Void! That fat boy would disappear so fast, you would swear he was just a bad rumor!The China Plan....Don't get the fat Boy mad.....Don't prepare a defense...wait until they attack, kill twenty million people, and Then send them a stern letter, saying that was not OK! If they complain again...send another letter.....

Hey Hong..don`t tell the U.S. to "Act Prudently"..when you have a madman President of North Korea threatening nuclear annihilation to South Korea and the U.S. every day!!

More of Reuters Propaganda Post, Yes it is OK if the USA wants anti- missiles on  the west coast of the USA !

Of course they are against it, it would also prevent their missiles from hitting us.

Every country in the world has the right to place any defensive weapons in their country that they choose. Defensive weapons are to protect their country. Offensive weapons are to destroy others. There is a big difference between the two.

So China is saying that we can't protect ourselves? If no country is planning on ever launching an attack on us or our friends, Then no country has anything to worry about by this missle defense. If NK would stop making threats, We wouldn't be boosting our missle defenses. NK is the blame.

North Korea and China sould be more concerned over the X-37-B hovering their missile sights.

We better protect our butts from Chubs!   China better get their Dawg on a leash......................................He's got NUCLEAR bombs!

F U china

Screw China, we were directly threatened by a nuke attack from North Korea; you do what you have to do!!Dear China:Man up then and step on this little Snakes head, or you could be next then what will you do, you are much closer then America is!

A bold prediction for the future generations...when China is the worlds predominate economic and military power, many of the same countries and people who so bitterly complain about the US will have a change of heart and remember the days of American power as the good old days

someone should send kamen rider, or godzilla, over to china to take care of things

The US has been stupid to work with China to sanction NK.  NK is China's puppet and international sanctions will not do much to the NK regime as long as China is backing it.

Red China is teaching the US how to act in response to NK's ongoing threats?"Remain calm" my #$%$.  Look at what exactly Red China is doing to the island disputes with Japan, the Philippines, Vietnam.

China:  "How DARE those Imperialist Americans try to protect themselves from Nuclear attack!""

China just announced that it's building hundreds of drone's so that it could hit our naval carriers if need be with them. But let us build up our defenses and china wants to cry about it...lol Hey China kiss our Countries Ars!!!!!

Oh no we must not upset China  so guess we need to cancel those weapons to defend ourselves.BULL.  Tell China to leash their attack dog in NK.

we should send china a 'bite me' letter. when someone threatens to nuke them then we'll see how they'd respond. but in the meantime - BITE ME china.

Prove to us that we are over reacting , have Kim aim their missiles towards you guys .What would china be saying if the fat one was  going to nuke them?

Are we borrowing from someone else to beef up our missile program? Is that why China is mad? We DO owe them a ton of money. Who are we borrowing from to beef up our defenses?  Now, all they have to do is threaten us and we go broke with fear. I cringe to think what the next false flag will be.

Oh but it's okay for N. Korea to threat nuclear war against the U.S.??? screw China.

Better listen to China or they'll empty all our stores!

I don't think China is in a position to criticize anyone over their stance on NK!

Hey China...FU. How about you keep that fat little turd in North Korea quiet and don't worry about what we are doing.

China needs to either control their dog or the US will be forced to put him down.

flook off China. You weren't the ones being threatened now were you!!

We should just wait and see if they really launch I guess china.

How fast China changed there tune.I guess they think we should wait until we get nuked before we bolster our missile shield.

The 'antagonism' existed before the US even thought about upgrading its missile shield.The headline should read, "China criticises the US's right to defend itself".

Who cares, China has been supporting NK on this whole thing from the beginning

"...will not be beneficial to finding a solution for the problem," Hong said." {Source: this article}  You have a suggestion to finding a solution for the PROBLEM?

the u.s. needs to shoot that north korean puppy

A missile defense system is by definition purely defensive. If we don't build it, we are insane. Russia wants to use Iraq as it's shill and China want to use North Korea as it's little excuse. A missile defense system in Europe and in Asia nullify that strategy, making the aid and the nukes that China and Russia useless, so they pitch a fit.Build them. Any President who doesn't has betrayed the United States and it's allies.

"The anti-missile issue has a direct bearing on global and regional balance and stability. "Yeah? Your #$%$ little neighbor to the south threatening everyone with nuclear armegeddon could have a direct bearing on regional stability, too.

The Red Chinese dictators, whose Communist state is built atop the dead bodies of approximately 60 to 70 million Chinese whom Mao and his gang murdered, asks the US to act prudently? Really?

How do missiles that are ONLY defensive, antagonize?  Russia , China, and pitiful N. Korea are so transparent in their angst about these missiles.  We should put 100 on each coast.

Liars, they just want to make sure we stay defenseless. Easier to subdue us without any defense.What we do not see or hear about is what China is doing to protect itself from North Korea.

china isn't the one under threat.

I have no doubt whatsoever, CHINA is behind the provocations and CHINA is the one "Poking the Bear". China can make North Korea do whatever it wants. If CHINA is worried about antagonisim, CHINA needs to fix the problem. In the meantime, AMERICA should do whatever is needed to protect the AMERICAN PEOPLE from these real THREATS.

China does not want us to deploy the missile defense system, they want us to disarm the Citizens, they want all of our businesses, they want all of our technology, they want all of our money.  They want more than they don't want.

Hey China, you reign in your punk little bro, and then an increase in missile defense will not be necessary.

Anyone who reads about this stuff had better review their history.WWI and WWII have some really eerie similarities to the current state of affairs in the world.Nations tied to each other by incredible debt, complicated alliances with crazy and small nations, overinfladed economies crashing or on the brink of bursting.Just please tell me the people in charge at least paid attention in history class.

For the good and safety of the world, China should work with the U.S.A. to quickly end the Northern Korean Regime and merge the long-suffering people and territory of Northern Korea into the Korean state.

Then tell your commie friends to know it off in North Korea. Geez China!

Let your guard down. China will stab your back

Well, we hope that the relevant country, China, quits getting high. Deploying missile defense is not provocative, as it is a defensive measure. When China has an insane, unstable, aggressive, and extremely dangerous little country with atomic weapons threatening to launch these weapons at them, let us see then what they decide to do. North Korea has stated already that they are developing and testing their missiles and weapons in order to aim them at us. Besides, how can China try to take a moral high ground approach with us? They first tested an anti ballistic missile, with the result that they succeeded in polluting the upper atmosphere with the resulting junk. They then became upset with us when we tested one and claimed that we were acting aggressively and irresponsibly. They acted very aggressively against one of our recon aircraft and forced it to land on Hainan, where they proceeded to get all of the information that they could before releasing it, and they now claim all of the South China Sea, bully their neighbors, lock fire control radar on to their neighbor's ships, etc. They can be respected and expect to be listened to when they start acting responsibly. Besides that, it would be sheer insanity for us to try negotiation with North Korea. They would just agree to whatever was proposed to demand and receive aid, and then proceed to ignore what they agreed to and continue to antagonize and threaten us. You cannot rely on negotiation or the word of North Korea, they constantly lie and break their word.I could give two #$%$$ what China thinks about the US protecting itself from the worst country on the planet.

China cant breathe but they'll stop missiles...right.....8/

I pray that a North Korean missile veers right into Beijing.

Oh, I guess promising to nuke the US is not antagonistic?  Boycott China.

Sorry, no speakida Chinese...see saw see saw see saw.

China, you run your own country, we'll run ours.

They wanted to be Don Trump while there country dies,,hold on to those receipts China men....

When they complain, you know you're on the right track.

Then maybe China should step up and confront the North Korean leader about the "cause and affect' of his public remarks. America will not stand by and allow itself to be attacked again without some form of strong retaliation.

China also wants our government to disarm our citizens too.  I don't give a rats #$%$ what China thinks.Oh Yeah...defensive missiles are escalating tensions...idiots - stick to chop sticks

we have the right to defend ourselves period. screw n korea screw china . we are done with oall this #$%$.

America does not take advise from China anymore than they take advise from us.  America will decide for itself what is in our best interest.  Certainly China would not say anything to help.  They like the conflict caused by their spoiled, fat-child, rogue North Korea.

This is what they want to get us mad and their thinking  it FUNNY and and NO ONE is going to not one thing the reason U start sending NUKE all over IT IS THE END OF THE WORLD THENtheir is away to deal with China and N.K. all it is just get US mad no big deal.Just one thing if U want NUKLER  WAR THEN GO FOR IT.

No matter what our business relationship with China... they are still Communists, just like North Korea... and they should be concerned when our weapons point in their direction.

China has no basis to protest US missile defense unless they are planning to use missiles to attack the US or neighboring Asian nations.  That we give China and Russia any credibility in these protests is rediculous when the sole purpose of these systems is entirely defensive.  Of course dictatorships like China and Russia have no reason to be concerned with these defensive systems unless they plan on attacking the US or our allies with ICBMs.  The Obama administration after gutting our advances in missile defenses have finally grasped reality...albiet at a now increased cost.  But I guess that's predictable for an administration that spends like a drunken sailor.

Go float your boat full of american debt china we dont care about you or your country or your threats you as much of the problem as the rest.

Tell them where to put it.

So China sides with North Korea against the United States, that will be a really bad war.

Did China forget that North Korea threatened us with  nuclear attacks ? And what would China do if North Korea threatened them ? We'll do what we must do to protect the lives of Americans. We plan ahead to prevent problems. which is why we are the most powerful nation in the world. FU China !Maybe it is wrong to say this, but I kind of agree with China.  The US should keep quiet about missile defense but still implant them without fan fare and then when Korea or any other country try’s to send a missile our way they won’t know about our defense and we would gain the advantage and return their fire before they figure out what we can do.  But then again that would most likely start WWIII.

More Chinese smoke and mirrors with puppet on string.

O' needs to make sure that he doesn't make the Chinese angry ~ there are way too many of them to make it on Obamacare ~

China is one of the most deceptive nations on Earth. They posture themselves opposite of what they are. The say the people are most important and yet many live impoverished and slave-like lives with no freedoms. They position themselves as peace loving and yet support nations like Iran or N Korea. They hide their military budgets and sends hundreds of thousands of spies and saboteurs all over the world. They have vast forces of hackers. Further, they aim to spread out all over the globe and create vast networks that support China's policies and defense. Also, they consistently ignore patents and copyrights, flood markets and monopolize. Opening relations with China before true humanitarian reforms was a tragic mistake that has weakened our nation drastically.

To bad for china!

So defending yourself against actual nuclear threats is antagonistic ? But China just put in their own missle defense system. Hmm. Seems like they should work on getting their friends to stop threatening us instead.

HOW ABOUT WE JUST LEAVE that freaking place forever. And the middle east also.

Another Apology Tour is needed to set an example to the world that the United States means business.  Can you help out, Obama?

Sorry China (and Russia).  We care not about your concerns.  We only care about the security of the American people and our country.  Control you psycho puppet states and things will calm down.  As long as Russia and China support countries like Iran and North Korea, I will personally consider them enemies of the United States and a threat to our way of life.

Of course China doesn't like this. Our missile defense can stop there missiles as well as North Korea's. If China would reign in their annoying, fat child in NK, then we wouldn't be talking about this would we?Dear chicom's: (for the LIV, that chinesse communist's):Well here is a thought, how about you stop your spoiled child from misbehaving and we wouldn't need to do anything........what do you expect chicom's, if someone threaten to nuke you, what would you do??????or is it something more, perhaps you protest to much.........

china says we should take it easy!!lol israel could now ask us  how do we like it? having a country threaten you then have a big country tell you yoiur handling it wrong.

China doesn't like the U.S. to have an anti-missile system, BUT, they built one.  We should tell them we don't like them building one, and they'll stamp their feet and tell us to mind our own business- TWO FACED!

Who cares what the Chinese or Russians think.

In one article China is selling weapons world wide, in another it says you can't defend yourself..Do they know what a hypocrite is.

The anti-missile stuff is a hoax. Nobody has ever shown that it works with non-canned scenario setups.

Its always unstable when the USA wants to defend herself, The defence system is going in on the west coast, I can see why russia and china are whineing but they indeed have built up their militarys. So #$%$ off. protect us from you 2 as well.

Notice the English behind Hong Lei.

.You had you're chance to control you're little fat boy China..Oh I see you don't want it to fall on your head after we shoot it down, well don't worry We the US never miss.

Of course China doesn't like it, those missiles can also shoot down Chinese ICBM's.Let the punk  keep running his mouth, and soon China won't be selling skuadush.

Yeah- when someone declares their "right" to start a nuclear war with you, then you can criticize.  Until then:  Shut up!

karma would be wind blowing towards china  when NK's missile accidentally detonates on the pad.

Are the Chinese for real....we get threatened and then when taking measures to insure defense, nothing more, we're warned to act prudently????This has got to be the STUPIDEST BIT OF FOREIGN RELATIONS I HAVE EVER COME ACROSS....REMEMBER DPRK (WHETHER THEY CAN (OR) CAN'T RIGHT NOW) threathened a pre-emptive nuclear attack on us...the Chinese need to get their heads examined!

China criticizes U.S. anti-missile North Korea plan because they hate Obama like most Americans do.  George Bush did the right thing when the missles were already in place.  But anti Bush president Obama took them out and now he's getting flack for putting them back.  Obama is a flippant idiot.

Why does the U.S military tell the world what it is doing in the first place.. Might want to revert back to basics and read Sun Tzu again... Telling people what you are doing is self-defeating.

China is a big problem for America. They say diplomatic while they are trying their best to hack into our security. I hope our leaders grow a pair and put the hammer down on them in this unbalanced trade we have and also penalize them with taxes for devaluing our dollar over there so they can make this huge dept on us. Of course if our leaders never allowed these rich business men to out source all our products to China we would not be in this mess in the first place.A lot of the problem goes to the rich in this country. If they had not been skimping on building cars for the last 20 years half the country would not be buying foreign products. Personally I would never buy a Japanese car as my cousin was killed in the pacific. I like to say you know Lexus brought to you buy the same fine folks that brought us Pearl Harbor

You want to criticize the country who wants to defend it's self and her allies?  Why not act against the ones who are making the threats?

see...now they're over the line...push them back..and .tell these fknexpatriate corporations  (apple miscosoft etc) and investors to bring their manufacturing and interests back to america or have their charters and citizenships revoked.

No government in their right mind could believe that bolstering anti-missile defenses in response to a direct threat from an overweight, inexperienced, delusional lunatic is unreasonable.What does China expect? Should they just sit there and allow North korea to voice out their threats of a nuclear attack? Whose side are they on anyway? Oh wait...nevermind.

China. North Korea, Iran  need to go ...

All US needs to do is talk to N Korea. That is cheap.

Hong said China believed efforts to increase security and resolve the problem of nuclear proliferation were best achieved through diplomatic means.&gt;&gt;&gt; China isn't doing anything, but enabling N. Korea."China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."&gt;&gt;&gt; The relevant country will adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently.   LOL

According to China we must not anger the little bully or we may have to pay them off like Clinton did, then they reneged and we got nothing for our payment.

A word to Russia, China, N Korea, Iran   and all you other A HOLE countries..   AMERICA NO LONGER CARES WHAT YOU THINK

North Korea is an example of failed International policy.We should have prepared for this a long time ago.Our enemies are not going away and we need to stand firm and let them know,we are still #1.Obama has a dismal foreign policy,one of closing the gate after the horses are all ready out,then making a big deal about it.Sometimes you just need to do it as a matter of policy,not knee jerk reaction.That does involve a lot of nervousness in the ranks and abroad.Lack of foresight can bring on catastrophe.Great leaders lead,not on reaction,but by planning.We,with this administration have neither.

Oh and  I suppose China would also like the U.S. to stand back and do nothing about the U.S. economy being ruined with the importation of cheap inferior Chinese products. Much of this is the very fault of our own greedy U.S. companies exporting our jobs there and our very own population buying the junk. Stand up and take your very own jobs back America ! Separate your wants from your needs also.

US will not be tired of balance of power and military tag teams.

If china would stop giving north korea their weapons, technology, food and other fine stuff even though there are useless united nation sanctions already in place maybe this could have been already resolved.So what are we supposed to do? Just let the north fire at will?

Reel in your little b|tch then, China.

this is why when it comes to national defense..the media has no need to know..and the big mouths in washington have no business telegraphing their next move..all we need to ever know is that any threat to our security has been eliminated..period..no how why or with what..just eliminated..but the obamanites just have to try and compete with hollywood for the world stage........".look at what i am doing"....time for change...again..the whole lot of them..

North Korea has openly threatened a pre-emptive nuclear strike on the USA that will or could kill millions of Americans if it ever happens, leaving parts of our country unlivable for eons, and we are putting sanctions on them?A threat like that can not be ignored, it is terrorism in every sense of the word. We are fighting wars all over the place in the name of a war on terror, and then Obama ignores this?  The time to talk is over, and it is time to declare war on them and destroy every known nuclear facility in that country, and take out their government, including the pillsbury dough boy that runs things there.Who cares who takes power after him.  They may be just as bad, but they may also have much more sense, knowing that we can do the same to them at any time, at will.  In the name of self-preservation, the first thing they would probably do is denounce any future plans to pursue nuclear weapons, and sit down with other nations to find out how they can join the world community.It is ridiculous to be chasing al caida around the world, over a perceived threat, when we are being threatened with nuclear attack, and the threat is real, and we have the time and means to deal with it, and we know where the threat comes from.  To ignore this threat is to invite more of the same from others around the world in the future, and also tells other nuclear nations that we have lost resolve to defend ourselves.Would we have gone to war against Japan if they had just threatened to attack Pearl Harbor?  Why should we have to suffer such losses before we act?  We attacked Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and others, and annialated them militarily, but we lost when it came to occupying Iraq and Afghanistan.We don't need to occupy North Korea.  Occupation does not work, it just starts another kind of war that is nearly impossible to win, and comes at a huge price we are unable to afford.  We can afford to hit them and hit them hard by destroying their nuclear facilities and removing their leadership, and even if we miss getting Kim or some of their nuclear facilities, that little fat boy will be like bin Laden, living in a cave or somewhere in China, but he will not be living and in power of his country, and we can tell by satellite if they are cleaning up and removing the remains of nuclear facilities or rebuilding, and if they are rebuilding, then we need to hit them again until we get our point across, that they will not have nuclear weapons.Even if we have anti-missile defenses that can protect us, that work, that will not defend our allies in the pacific, so that is not a defense worth having.If there is a deranged person on the loose that is threatening you, boarding up your doors and windows is not an answer. You have to go out and get him and take away his weapons and his freedom to get more to use against you.  Little Kim has to die, and the sooner the better.

We will worry about Us China, Thank You!  Try pulling the strings onyour puppet.  One of the true players finally shows its face!

When you negotiate with the chinese it is called surrender.

Says China, while building up their military at a prodigious rate.

China can suck my junk and i dont mean their latest boat!

Decades of "diplomatic means" have accomplished nothing with this rouge country.  Continue to ignore them long enough and we may find ourselves with another 9/11 situation.

Communist China is not our friendso its ok for north korea to threaten the world

Hmm.  They must not have stolen everything about our missile defense program yet if they don't want us increasing our capability (even though they are going ahead with their own.)  I didn't know we had ANY military secrets that the Chinese hadn't already stolen.

Antagonism ?? If the USA tries to defends its self.? how bout NK backs the h3ll off with there antagonism... #$%$ lil punk is barking up the wrong tree.... what does the spoiled lil brat think the USA is going to do... stand here and take a nuke for the team.?  I THINK NOT, and if the lil #$%$ DOES shoot one of there back yard made tin can nuke wanna be missils our way, that is suicide. China needs to look up that word and its meaning, and convey that to NK..antagonism....... REALLY????????????

With China making remarks like this, it can only add fuel to the North Korean flame.

The U.S.A. has every right to prepare its  defensive position especially in response to the  recent direct threat from N. Korea towards the U.S.A..The PRC should apply its leverage upon N.Korea to defuse this situation instead of ranting about  the U.S.A. preparing against such a threatened nuclear strike by the N. Koreans.

I find it absolutely astonishing how ungrateful a country like China has regressed through the years. Wasn't in the USA that came to their aid when Japan was taking over that entire section of that world. Even before we entered the war American pilots volunteered to help by forming the Flying Tigers and defending China at the cost of many lives. And how did they repay us? ...by turning communist and later attacking American troops who were sent to Korea to stop the north from over running South Korea. It seems to me that every time we shed American blood to help others we get kicked in the teeth. Now we even have China trying to dictate to us how we should handle that nut job up north. Will we ever learn?.....

oh china wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh we dot scare we do what we want here

China is unhappy only because they won't be supplying the missiles.

Hey!! I have an idea...lets send Dennis Rodman over to talk to "The Fat Un"....oh, wait a minute....

so china tells us to do nothing and not bolster our missiles defense  after being threatened by korea however they (china) has responded by developing an anti-missile system of its own, announcing the latest successful test in January. does anyone else see a problem with this?NO China NO!  Korea has an out of control CHILD running it.  You're their Neighbor.  YOU do something to rain in that CHILD.   Fly to N. Korea and have a SERIOUS talk with him.  Now let's talk about your Internet Hacking our sites China.  What the Hell are you thinking?  People - STOP BUYING CHINA PRODUCTS! China clearly wants rules followed when it pleases them.

Let's see, we spend money on an absurd missile defense and yet we can't afford to keep our word to our troops regarding tuition assistance because we have no money?

It's time to bring all our military home and get America ready for attacks on our homeland as there are many world leaders who want to take over our country. We need to stop helpg other nations and we need to deal with the problem of being defeated right here on our own turf!  How many of the countries where our milittary has shed their blood, do you think will come to our aide when we need them?

north korea has declared preemptive rights to a nuclear attack on the united states, that brings the nuclear war time clock to 00:00 01.why has north korea not been wiped off the face of the planet yet?

sounds like china is mad they will have to change their war plans on america and add more nukes to the chinese arsenal.

Hey China. Instead of b1tching about the US response, why don't YOU do something about your little friend the NKs?

Tell China to sit on it's little friend and not threaten a nuclear attack on a superpower, then we wont need to enhance our missile defense.

It just means more hacking work for China to find out how we're going to do it. LOL.

why does everyone live in such fear of offending everyone else?

If China doesn't like it, it is probably a good idea for us to do it.China if they wanted it to end all they have to do is show up in north Korea and spank the fat pig

The only way to eliminate the 'problem' of North Korea is to eliminate the current regime.

yes, by all means - let's listen to the fox.....guarding the henhouse....

Another country has a problem with the US defending itself. I'm not surprised, no one likes our missile defense system, because they can't figure out how to build one themselves. Look at what China has to say about us defending ourselves, but no problem with NK building Nukes.

Then you should tell your bully friend to take a hike.

Hey yo Hong kong Floy.....we don't don't need any Zipper head ideas....

China needs to mix some more prozac into the food aid it sends NK.

if both russia and china don't want us to set up these defenses, then we should get them set up asap.

First they criticize NK for their US threats, now they criticize the US for boosting defense.  Whose side are they really on?  China needs to bend NK over their knee and give them a spanking before we have to give them a beating!

Per usual, the DungPiles Han have no clue what is going on.  They just keep telling their puppet to keep pushing for a world war.  US has every right to defend herself, especially when the little fat boy has threatened to shoot missiles at anything marked USA.  DungPiles Han need to rein in their puppet or deciding which side of the war they'll be on.I've never seen so many countires so upset over a defensive system.  You'd think they have their plans to attack us or something.

If China thought for one second they could take us, we would be eating cold rice. They are watching. When we decline enough from our own stupidity, they will walk in and take whatever they want.

If China was putting anti-missiles in Canada, Mexico , Cuba ,and midway I wonder if we wouldn't feel threatened?

A missile defense system would make those kinds of weapons obsolete and truely lead to their retirement once and for all. It doesn't sound like anyone willing to attack the united states with a nuke cares that we could destroy them 10 times over. All they care about is the ability to hit the united states first and that is the best reason I can give you that we should get a missile defense in place.

Butt out China.  If you don't like it, talk to your dimunitive little friend there about taking the figure off of his nuke button.

Bull, Look China, get your militant neighboor in stride or he will bring your economy back 100 years with his fat run-on mouth.

So China expects us to not defend ourselves against nuclear weapons that NK is not supposed to have?  The whole argument against anti-missile technology is that it nullifies the concept of MAD (mutually assured destruction).  But there is no such doctrine concerning NK, as NK has no such capability, at least not yet.  Allowing NK to get to that point would be disastrous for the entire world (including China).

Anyone else now think it's a bad idea that we have borrowed trillions from China instead of balancing our budget?  Our politicians have put us in a position of weakness.

I don't know if we need more missiles over there, but what do they expect?  Talk is cheap and showing NK we mean business is in order.  China needs to smack it's little brother and tell him to behave!

Shut up, ChinaSo someone threatens to shoot missles at you, you say OK I will strength my missle DEFENSE and then you are accused of being irrlesponsible?  The world is backwards.

So much for China keeping the fat boy in line. Would they rather we disposed of our obsolete nukes in North Korea!

China is afraid of North Korea.

US corporations and the people that own them should be the first ones rounded up and arrested if war breaks out and we end up opposing China directly, or through it's network of like human rights violators! Funny how we forgot that so quickly once we found out they could produce products so cheaply, isn't it?

China has been secretly reporting EVERY move we make to N.Korea for some time now. They are SNEAKY, and NOT to be trusted. Do they really expect us to just sit back and do NOTHING to defend ourselves? If this isn't enough to make our Government WAKE UP and realize exactly what kind of manipulation tactics China is using, then we are ALL in BIG trouble.

China, you wish to have a sphere of influence, you are enjoying the profitability of Globalization, (funding your expansion with great borrowing rates from the rest of the World), well then, it is time to step up to the plate and do the right thing with Korea. Are not they your neighbor in need?

You forgot the Yum-Yum sauce with my eggrolls and now you want to tell me how to treat your Waiter? I think not China!... China not nice person...

So someone puts a gun to my head and my friend China says "now don't do anything hasty to provoke him"...good ol friend China

How absurd! That is like telling a cop who wears a bullet-proof vest that doing so will only antagonize those willing to take a shot at him.The responsible thing to do when someone threatens you and your family is to PREPARE a defense. If any government tells another they should not PREPARE a defense against agressive threats, or they should try and LIMIT their defense, perhaps they have ulterior motives.The same can be said for any government that, through law, limits the defense capabilities of its citizens - makes it illegal to own semi-automatic weapons and the magazine capacity of those firearms.

i guess we'll have to cancel all of our defense programs then...the chinese disapprove---PUNCH IN THE CODE...LET'S GO OUT WITH A REAL BANG---LAUNCH EVERYTHING, EVERYWHERE...bammy will probably apologize to the chinese later today.North Korea isnt threatening to nuke China. We as a people in the US need to stop buying #$%$ from China. We are the ones who made them a superpower and we can put a dent in their opinions by stop supporting companies that import products and buying products from China.

China needs to learn from our Cuba crisis!

So Korea threatens to bomb the U.S., we sanction them. They then Promise to do it. We start an anti missile defense and were antagonizing them. This would be like blaming the kid getting picked on in the playground of being at fault because he asked the bully to stop. Stupid little kid didnt he know that had he just let the bully beat him up the bully would have eventually have grown tired and stopped.

its just a matter of time ya all the bomb will come home to roost and there will be a lot of feathers in da air....fried #$%$...ya dig

The Chinese are liberals too?  Why don't we wait until North Korea has their missles in the air before we do something about it?

Now China is going to dictate what America should and shouldn't do?  Just another step in taking over our country?  Borrow somemore money Washington!  Soon they will have a National eat rice day here☺

the flags look like rocket tips pointed at us and someone else .

how in this world do we get caught up in kim kardashialeins baby ? who sold there soul her or us to be endlessly shoved on us then we have the worm who has a degree ,visit a enemy state ?

"F" china !

I like how China says we should't bolster our defenses...but again they aren't the ones that just got threatened with nuclear attack by a lunatic government!Making sure you have the best available means to shoot down the rockets coming at you is prudent and responsible behavior. It's not an offensive weapon, you know. Or don't they want us to defend ourselves as best we can, should an attack occur? China's logic here is anything but, if you take their words as they sound on the surface. Now ifwe were sending an aircraft carrier to the South China Sea, now that would be unnecessarily antagonistic at this point. But you'll notice we're not doing that.

I wish we would tell china we agree a missle defense system cost way to much money and doesnt solve the issue. I would tell them they have 30 days to shut the North up for good or the very next time they open their mouth we plant to wipe them off the faith of the earth. The problem will then be solved for good. Same with IRAN as well. We need to talk hard and back it up with a big stick and use it.

china better lease its lapdog

China must we remind you. The US saved you from the Japs in WW2. You should show us respect and Kim Jong Un will find his own undoing. It can create a problem for you too.

I have a good idea ? How about the earth gets smashed by a big rock and we all die ?The End

China should be talking to North Korea and telling them to behave, not the USA.

Okay China, you refuse to deal with NK and all of their saber-rattling, but on the other hand you get critical when the US, South Korea, and Japan do in fact deal with them...get off the sidelines and get in the game- get your little friend Kim under control...

Let's think of it as possibly saving hundreds of thousands of lives. North Korean lives. Because if the little man ever does use a nuclear weapon we would make his country glow in the dark for a thousand years.....

China can stick it up there A__!!!!!We should 10x's it!!!!!!!!!They should worry about the fog poison air there and rivers of puke they have!Pure poisoned system with a slave economy will never get a foot hold!

#$%$ You FatHeaded Tight Eye's !!!!!Is It Just Me ...Or Do I Sense China Might Not Be Our Friend ....Naaaww ...China Luvs St^pid Lound Eye .....

If NK was threatening China would they feel the same way. On another subject, has anyone noticed that during this crisis with NK that our President and Vice President have left the country?

Go xxxx yourself China. We will do what we want to protect our country. Besides,its more money for you, since all the stuff we make, we buy from you anyway.

Seems like under Obama we hear a lot of "shut up America" like comments from a lot of countries.

I bet the chicoms would be singing a far different tune if it were their cities that the oompa-loompas were threatening to turn into pillars fire

This Chinese beast has gotten fat from the American CEO greed.  Now it is biting the had that fed him....and it seems to big and ferocious to be handled by those CEOs and politicians that raised it.

So since when don't we have the right to protect ourselves?

China can shut up, North Korea wants a war, they'll get one !

Why in the hell did we announce that we are bolstering our defenses in response to the threat?

America time to wake up, root out the greed the corrupt the putrifying the incompetent and redouble our efforts to rebuild our once unquestioned leadership. Another country trying to tell us what to do!#$%$ is our government even announcing where they are putting missles, or anything else.  Oh yeah, Owebummer is ruinning the show.

Hmmm...I wonder why China doesn't want us bolstering our defenses....anyone?

If we had a goverment that really cared about America then we would inform China that a nuke from NK would be the same as a nuke from China. At that point it would be put up or shut up. This is not a game that can be played and won by eather side so you don't PLAY. You do.

China, being prepared is prudent.  N. Korean is acting crazy, and any country threatened as the U.S. has been repeatedly should not only bolster their defense, but also ensure should such an attack be launched, retaliation would ensure sure N. Korea was turned into a thermo nuclear parking lot.

Just because many American businesses have sold out on America for cheap labor in a COMMUNIST country who doesn't give a rat's ice about America OR their own people, doesn't mean they need to dictate OUR internal affairs.  Just because they own us - doesn't mean we can't protect ourselves. N Korea needs to be silenced...permanently.

FAAK China!!!   No credibility.  How's about those Japanese Islands you want so badly???

Someday in the not so distant future, China is going to get a real taste of U.S. weaponry........  And it will not be pretty!

Let's make a deal.  North and South Korea should be united again.  Syria seems to be in Russian (?) sphere of influence and also China's.  We had no G Damn business dividing entire countries in half. #$%$ could any of us exist like this?  I am really surprised we did not try to divide China too, during Yalta

time to find a  new planet

The main issue is North Korea and after we are done fockin up the middle east we are flying to North korea with drones big enough to bomb the whole countryChina wants peace, but continues to stock pile on arms, missiles, etc.

China defends North Korea, Russia and Iraq, all in cahoots.

Shut up China, showings of force kept the peace in the cold war. They should know, they did it to Russia themselves.

If North Korea were threatening China, as it is the United States, they would have no issue defending their territory with missle defense.  Don't listen to China.

Diplomacy simply does not work with insane people.

Here's an idea, keep your idiot neighbor in check and we won't have to do this.

sorry but when a country threatens a nuclear missile attack, the threatened country by all means has a right to and should increase its defenses

CHINA SHOULD MIND IT'S OWN BUSINESS,when it's about our protection.

If you are going to criticize our plan, offer us a better one or shut up.

China is worried about us developing a good defense against their crazy little neighbor rather than attacking it. Now China will have to deal with the problem on their own. Hopefully China will just take down the stupid child emperor and be done with it.Hey China, put a leash on that puppy before someone gets hurt.

Hong Lei ... Kiss our American A.S.S ... If you would do something with your lil fat boy with the rice bowl haircut we wouldnt have to strengthen our missile's so you are talking to the wrong country !!!!

And look at them missile look alike flags! If that isn't a hint of what to expect from China.

China.....biggest world threat.

Corrupt China says nothing meaningful and does nothing meaningful.

How about we give Taiwan some tactical nukes and delivery systems.. or at the least look the other way while they develop them.I Bet China will not wait for "sanctions"or any other useless UN gesture before they unilateraly take action...

China is our enemy - in bed with the North Koreans, who are the Chinese stalking horse.  Of course they want us to remain vulnerable to North Korean missiles.  It's time for us to take out North Korea and have done with it.

"China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."So does that mean you hope North Korea will stop threatening to use Nukes?

I wounder why China is concerned about our ability to shoot down nukes?  Maybe they have plans!

Since North Korea has only been able to survive for the past half century because of Red Chinese support, the Red Chinese need to shut up.China? #$%$ and make my ipod

This is why north Korea will always exist...  They are the stick that china uses to poke us.  My grand father fought in Korea and said how after they knifed through the north korean army, Chinese troops were the ones who pushed USA back across the river

They have a point, urinating contests seldom lead to peaceful relations. One of the things the whole world has yet to learn is that we need to figure a way to let eachother have their rights to be who they are unless and until they infringe on the rights of others to do the same.Attacking someone for what they might do or have the ability to do, may as well lock everyone up and destroy the species with all that every one of us might do or have the ability to do.Think about it before you start making the excuses.

#$%$ AHHHH UUUU.SLANT I

Yeah stop raising your defenses after a nuclear threats. That is just silly. This reminds me of the bully that says "if you flinch it will only be worse".

So a little lunatic North Korean hitler decendant of 2 previous lunatic hitlers directly threatens to shoot us once he's obtained the biggest gun known to Man, and his Commie Chinese body guard tells us that it's a "provocation" to put on a bullet proof vest?

North Korea can strut around and make threats and we are supposed to sit back quietly and let it ride...That is a big pile of #$%$!!!!

Did you ever think N. Korea is doing what China tells them? Who would benifit from attacking the US ? CHINA, RUSSIA do the math people it's not that little #$%$ #$%$ country.

North Korea is big on threats, not diplomacy, just bribes.  Does China worry about us?  I wonder.  Also we didn't import these defense weapons from them so maybe they are jealous.

What has China really done to help this end diplomatically? Another idea is that NK is antagonizing the situation so that the U.S. does what it is now planning in defense of the threats, and China isn't liking this because it's too close for comfort for our defenses to be that close to China....China is afraid of what America can do

Slap huge import tarriffs on ANYTHING coming from China, bring the jobs back, eliminate foreign aid, build a wall around the USA and leave us alone.

Interesting that China is critical when they haven't done diddly to resolve the situation.

What are we getting into now?

When China proves they can control North Korea then we may do things in a different way.

And what Mother China says must happens since we are SOOO indebted to them!

whatever.....blah blah blah

of all the provocation from DPRK, China speaks to actions by the US? Where were they when their stupid pet poodle was barking.

How about doing stuff withouit yelling to the world your gonna do this.!

So China calls stealing land from other Asian countries diplomacy?!? What HYPOCRITES!!Re-institute the draft and make the children of our congresspeople the first ones to go.

So what does China propose then that we just sit back and do nothing?

Only one solution-KILL the short fat guy with the bad haircut.

Maybe china should put their lap dog on a lease so it stops snarling and snapping at it's neighbors?

Some day wall marts world will come crashing down thanks to North Korea.

So, China:  would you rather us just go ahead and blow these morons totally away and forget our anti-missile DEFENSE (look up the word "defense" you idiots!) program just announced?  Geeze . . . you idiots don't know when you have it good!!

The US rhetoric also advocates violating every ABM treaty signed over the last 50 years.

pull our troops from the DMZ and point 50 nukes towards that country. Make it clear any act considered by use to be offensivel rather its attacking ships, threating, etc... will be an automatic push of a button to launch nukes. Let them decide how it plays out. They can knock it off or die. Its that simple.

I got an Idea. How about get you're #$%$ back in the kitchen and make me some kung pow chicken.

North Korea will be China's demise. Why isn't North Korea progressing like China? The North Koreans have sold thier souls to the devil and now he wants results.North Korea is to China, what Israel is to the United States: a nightmare.

Please refer to China as COMMUNIST China

"The anti-missile issue has a direct bearing on global and regional balance and stability. It also concerns mutual strategic interests between countries," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a daily news briefing.Translation: North Korea is playing into the hands of the Pentagon. Now the Americans will exercise strength and make sure North Korea will have it's day on the battlefied.

If China doesn't like our N. Korean policy they can get their cheap chit out of  our Wal-Marts!

China is part of the problem in the world not the chinese people but that so call government of gang call the CCP who rips the people and there money off, how can 135 total people are worth over 1 billion $, and 90 of them are members of the china CCP, and the other 45 family members

Yeah, and how is that diplomacy working?  For crying out loud, who does not think china is not a threat to everyone?  The Russians better get their act together because I am afraid they are first on the list.

We're putting in defensive countermeasures and they're upset? We'll I guess we'll just pack up and leave then...

North Korea is insignificant to the US.  But, to our interests and bases close aboard, yes.  I say let them keep wafting weird "Iranian-like" threats to everyone.  Their people are starving and that is the main problem.  I feel sorry for them.  Beware US, policies that don't support the homeland and population are already in place.

Sorry China but America, the President and the Secy of Defense will decide what is best for our defense against your brat rogue step-child, North Korea.  Why don't you reign them in?

They want us to sit back and just wait to see if this little twerp is really going to send a missle our way.  Not a chance China we aren't that stupid.  So give it a rest and keep your opinions to yourself you are not a friend in any sense of the word.This is our country and we will protect her the way we want and if China or N. Korea does not it, they can both suck it!!!!!!!

That is good, must be doing something right. Do not buy made in China!

Instead of spending money on new things lets use the nukes we have now to deter North Korea. The old nukes are paid for.

The US needs to tell China to take a hike. China is the much greater threat.

I wondered when the Chicoms would start their threats while sticking by their little rat friends in NK....no thanks China, we`ll just pop one your way too if they launch one our way cause  we know you will be the ones behind it if it happens

what balls these chinese have.  North Korea can say they are going to attack the US but if the US says they are going to defend themselves, China doesnt like it.  Screw China.  Who cares what they have to say.  I cant beleive we keep buying their cheap childslavery laboured mercury infested #$%$.

F China . Be advised America's missle program has you in there sights also .

If  fat boy told China one of his toys was pointed at Bejing would he still be sucking air?

Stupid chinese, US doesn't care nor worry about N. nukes. It ain't going happen. She is using this excuse to beef up her Pacific coast defense against the dumb chinese....

The fact s China can't control its dog anymore, and is upset we are willing to do something about it.  What would anyone else do?  The sameFunny that a Chinese general and a close friend of Xi, Liu, said recently the Chinese public needs to understand the cost and horror of war. And War should not be taken lightly. When will a US general or Obama tell American public the truth? It is not a sport game.

I did not hear North Korea say they were going to carry out a preemptive strike on China. But then China is only focasing on islands they want to dispute with Japan and other nations by sending warships to the disputed area.The Chinese speak with forked tongue!

China you need to be talking to N Korea before that get that #$%$ spanked

China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."Yea big words, But what China did to her niegbors? They creep to their sea bed territories if they complain the commie bully and threaten them.中国希望有关国家将和平和稳定的基础上进行，以负责的态度和谨慎行事。大词，但什么是中国对她 niegbors 做吗？他们爬到其海床领土如果他们抱怨共产党员欺负和威胁他们。

Verrry interesting that China wants to curb the deployment of our missile defense system. Did we just get a peek at their hand?

who really care's what China thinks, this is about protecting the USA, OH wait we sold our sole to china, they own us!1 way to go obama and the democrats. keep spending money you don't have. Oh wait you can get it from the 1%

Funny how China "invents" something after a major US cyber breach where intellectual information is stolen...

After we built weapons, we always found a war to used it killing our children and other people children! Fk the military industry complex!

The same missiles are getting placed, but not enough of them, since these are the missiles obama made us stop producing to kiss Russia's #$%$.  Again, a president that has no clue on what he is doing.  Now we are about 3 to 4 years behind.

China's relationship with North Korea is like holding a hungry wolf by the ears.China is the one who built the world's only aircraft carrier  destroyer a sindle warhead made to takeout U.S. Navy aircraft carriers &amp; they are set to double the size , strength &amp; technology by 2016.Listening to them = not a good idea !! oBama has already allowed Russia to influence him concerning our military drawbacks &amp; cutbacks....

So..., let me make sure I understand this correctly..., China's client can bluster all they want, including threaten to launch a nuclear missle attack, and China's recommendation to the target is not to augment surveilance, not to install countermeasures, and don't do anything to antagonize the DPRK. Our best course of action would be to negotiate with the DPRK?While that may serve China's interests and look politically correct to the rest of the world..., you're kidding, right?

Hey China- shut the hell up. If you could have controlled your out of control,  petulent adolescent puppet leader from threatening a preemtive nuclear attack against the USA and reigning down bullets on South Korea we wouldn't be having this discussion.

Let me get this straight.  North Korean statements that they will launch nuclear missiles at the United Sates a,d China says, in effect, we are not to protect ourselves?  #$%$ are the Chinese thinking?

I think the Chinese so called leaders, leaders that nobody voted for them, are going to tell the United States where situate missiles. Those so called leaders are supporting the North a country that do not respect human right and abuse the population, where some parents have to feed their children with grass or be lucky enough to scape to China where they are abused and mistreated.The United States has to protet, South Korea, Japan and most of Asian countries, China so called leaders dream with the greatest China, they lack resources and land to support those billion people eating four times a day! The Chinese regime has two faces there are educated people that came from China and do not know anything about the Communist history in their country the system keep them socialy blind!Ideassoul

China has developed an anti-missile system of its own and at th same time claims and now claims that strengthening such a system is not helping to solve the problem.  Strange Logic.

To H#$$ with China, Iran, and N. Korea!  Who needs them?!  Back to work America and rid us of this fungus that is among us!

N Korea threatens the US and China is mad because we have a defense plan? Seems right.

China's TRUE colors, Depend North K. that's why sanction never work

The more you terrify a frightened dog the more likely you are to get bit. Korea is no power without China, we don't have to spend all of this money we don't have to back it into a corner. I hope China gets smart and stops lending us money.Diplomacy? Its not working with Iran so what makes them think that it will work with North Korea?

You can criticize it all you want China. You're basically financing it...

China is not our ally so there is nothing to be gained by listening to them. Look how little they have done to reign in North Korea.

Obama cancelled missile deployment in eastern Europe because the Russians objected so now will he cancels the missile shield on our west coast because China in complaining. We need to mind our own business and tell the rest of the world to do the same.

China is just worried that a U.S. missile defense system would keep North Korea from fighting China's proxy war against the United States.

China has long ignored its international responsibilities to contain its "wildchild" client, North Korea.  There are many in the Chinese military and senior party cadres who view the DPRK as a thorn in the side of the US, rather than as a liability for China.Hopefully, this is now changing.  Peking is certainly within range of the DPRK's missiles, and the Chinese are fooling themselves if they don't believe that they are, themselves, every bit in the line of fire as is either Seoul or Tokyo, let alone Anchorage or Washington.The US senior military brass has announced that we are "fully prepared" for any actions that the DPRK might wish to take.  They, the DRPK, should realize that ANY use of nuclear weapons by their side would mean the immediate destruction of that pitiful country.  Pushing the button would be the last action they take.

Lets see. If China, Russia, North Korea, and Iran don't like it. It must be very good for the United states. I say go for it. How great would it be to render there weapons useless.

Has anyone else realized that more governments are or have becomed less concerned with it's citizens then their own ideals and philosphy?

But it's ok for N Korea to blow off nukes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Shut it up..Zipperheads.......China is wrong. The US should just make the defense missiles and not tell anyone.

Hong is an idiot. You cannot negotiate with a crazy person. Missile defense is just that: defense. What are we supposed to do, shake our finger at him?

Obviously China is playing both sides.  I am not sure how they expect the U.S. to react to a nuclear strike threat.  If a country threatened China in such a way you can be sure they would bolster missile defenses regardless of how it would "intensify antagonism".  My shout to China is perhaps you should speak with your comrades ( I mean "REALLY" speak to them) and explain how they are causing instability in the region and that is unacceptable.   The United States Of America will not lie dormant while it receives threats from such unstable countries and their leaders, you can bet money on that.

Chuck the Finese... If they would put a leash on their rabid dog this wouldn't be an issue.

to the USA if your going to move ships in to areas and beef up weapons and add what ever defence or what ever DONT tell the WORLD or this kind of reaction will happen , Keep your mouth shut and do it

This is China's fault entirely.N. Korea has a lower Gross Domestic Product than Congo. Without assistance, the North couldn't maintain the arsenal most Americans have in their own homes, let alone a nuclear weapon.One phone call from Beijing, "Knock it off, brat. Or we'll come down there and knock the taste out of your mouth."You wouldn't hear from Pyongyang again.

China does not want us to be able to intercept Chinese missiles!  Just the same way that Russia does not want us to be able to intercept Russian missiles!  They want us to simply "accept" any missiles they may rain down on our cities in the future.  How is protecting ourselves with a defensive system an act of aggression?

Nuke'em!

China's objection likely has nothing to do with North Korea.  Instead, their objection is to the potential for US interceptors to neutralize their so-called Second Artillery Corps, aka the Chinese nuclear force.  Nuclear deterrence doesn't require a lot of nukes, but if US interceptors can knockdown Chinese weapons, the US can exploit a weakness.

U WAH WA TON SUP WIF EG ROLLiberals agree!LIBERALS ARE STUPID

Haha China just realize that missile defense is not for NK but it's for China. Yes US is using the NK treat to buil up is defense against China.NK is not even a treat for US.

We need to stop putting them in "timeout" and stop " counting 1,2,3", next time they threatin us, we should count 3.2.1. ................................

My father's president would not have taken direction from the chinese, nor would my grandfather's president before him.  How pathetic is it that our president does?  If the chinese believe that diplomacy would work with habitual liars and extortionists such as north korea, they can feel free to talk to them all they like, after all, China is where the north koreans got their nuclear technology and materials.

we have a country directly threatening us,Is that not the highest antagonism there is???also how hard would china be laughing at us if we do nothing and we had an attack here?China,Forgive the govt we have for showing at least a little of common since trying to give the people a little protection

We created NK-China situation more than 50 years ago so that we can benefit our military industry! Another proof! Our system is really corrupted and endanger the whole world! For once, I agree with China!

Will have the diplomat hold the wrench while we build the antimissile defense system. Kill two birds with one stone.

Total bs!

Of course China also has plans to bomb us in a surprise attack that would make Pearl Harbor look like a church social.  And if we put up defenses then it will be harder to make one stick, and almost impossible to blame it on the North Koreans.

China... Here is the problem. North Korea has made the threat of a preemptive strike. What, are we supposed to sit back and do nothing as you have done?If you kept your dog on a leash this would not be an issue. But if it bites, we will be put down.Anyone notice China NEVER says anything to NK? It's always the U.S should keep calm in the face of NK's aggression, and now a warning to the U.S that bolstering our defense is a bad move? What?? Ok, so we should just be sitting ducks for the rabid dog that you call NK? Bad move..BAAAD move. Even the sheep in this land know this.

yup .. like china using diplomacy with the islands in east china sea!!! that doesnt belong to them!!  Hypocrites

If china would step up and reign in their #$%$ step child,in Nk then there would be no need for these measures but they will not so we must do what is needed for our own protection.

China was certainly diplomatic when it resolved its issues with Tibet

i'm betting on bill gates to be the next prescott "trading with the enemy" bush

WOW HERE WE GO AGAIN

Any "defense" move we make will antagonize NK, and they will ramp up their war cry even more, to show strength in the face of "adversity".

Banister Nukes are basicly a world suicide bomb.Not much of a defense if you die by your own defense.You can't probably fight nuclear meltdowns and fight a nuclear war at the same time.The earth would warm mars thow.

The U.S. has been negotiating with N. Korea over 60 years to pursue peaceful and economic mean with the world international community. The trade accord failed due to broken agreement one had in the first place leaving N. Korea once again to pursue its nuclear tech and trade in the black market. Only thing leaving intact is a cold war between two countries. All this could of been avoided if foreign countries would of not middled in Korea's internal affairs. My the best of the two solve their own problems for a change... May the best man wins!

Just like with the economy, not a word from Obama.new approach !!  forget the war  and let  US  go in and  Re-build  their  country ....that's  what we always  do isnt  it ??  they threaten us ,  we  wipe em out    and then we  spend  BILLIONS  to rebuild -   oh,  and  to  hell   with  Americans  trying to  Re-build  our  lives  here ......    #$%$  !!!!

The Chinese government has clay feet. I say destablize them.

time for you fleabaggers to head for your bunkers and don't take any little boys with you.

After many centuries has past, Roman has felt a major shift dometically and change outside their sphere and unable to coupe. Thus brought the empire to an end....

China has been the problem with NK since 1950. They need to back out and stop propping up this puppet regime.

all asians are cousins, keep your eye open and on the ball! the only real ally we have is australia! thats where we should put our icbms!

North Korea and Iran are your first wave of takeover attack plan and they will quickly be swept aside and you will not turn the world into Tibet.

I guess China's massive military build up has no bearing on stratigic balance. FK U CHINA is the exact words the US should use to CHina!

Do not buy Chinese products.

I think the U.S need to send 500,000 troops over there and teach NKorea a lesson. I wish I could join the military but I got a bad back.China CONTOL your Chiwawah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If the US were attacked do you think a US congressman would give up the location of innocent hidden American's for his own life? Would you?

China has nothing to fear from the USA...as long as the USA has nothing to fear from China, or North Korea. China needs to either talk some sense into North Korean political, and military, leaders...or assassinate them. Either would be fine with the USA.  The time for China to act will soon be gone. We are still at war with NK from the 1950s. The Korean War never ended...just had a cease fire. It can heat up again in a moment. NK had better realize that it's war was a DECLARED war...like WW2 was....and Viet Nam was not. The USA fights harder in declared wars, uses more intense weapons, and wins them sooner, than it does police actions. NK has a choice. The effects of the choice they make will last forever.

If China is so afraid of the U.S. developing its anti-missile defense, then China needs to slap North Korea into submission.

obama and prudently are two words that do not belong in any one sentence!

north korea is not the threat here. It's time for the u.n. to step in and earn there fancy paychecks by preventing the next world war.

If nothing else,One must admire China's Cheek to be presumptuous enough to advise the US not toexacerbate the situation by bolstering its defenses against NK instead of hauling its pet dog to tuck its tail and get back into its Dog House.Our response to China should be to go fly their dragon kites.

Let us put China under our anti-missile system to protect them, our biggest loaner, so that they can focus on their economic development without wasting money on military development !

This is coming from a country that is building a huge (so-called) secret underground complex, isn't transparent in what its military is building, and is out to take over as many islands as it can....and now it is telling America what it shouldn't be doing with its missle defense system.... Sounds like America better be setting up a missle defense system against the Chinese missles that are already known to be targeting American cities.

#$%$. Where is Grampa's automobile?As if China has any room to speak..Wonder what they would do if US told them we are going to launch a nuke to hit Bejing. China is NK ally they will not play by the rules and they will work behind the scenes against the US. We need a President that will have the balls to say"China go to hell" We need Operation Linebacker 3 using stealth bombers and make NK feel pain. Give land to SK make it just Korea and then setup a base right at the border with China with some missles pointed in their direction. Make a whole new Navel fleet just for the China sea have a navel base in Korea stop all sales to China pull all American companies and intrests out and choke them zipper heads where it hurts the in the wallet.

The United States has enough nukes to destroy the entire world, our military might doubles Russia, we could decimate any country on a moments notice,why is the little fat kid still running his mouth,i guess he will have to live and learn,well if he pushes the button he wont be living very long!

The Korean war was fought against China as much as N Korea.  Why do we listen to these people at all?

china dosnt want us to have a credible defense system because it #$%$ up their plans to attack us in the near future

lest see they threaten us with a missile strike , then we put up an anti missile system and then someone claims its our fault because this lunatic threatens us. if i didn't know better i would say it was an American liberal in china. but then again socialism is socialism the world over.

Just bomb the #$%$ out of them and free the oppressed people.

China needs to go...

It's puzzling to me that China would rather have a good relationship with N. Korea than the U.S., What are the benefits to that ?

#$%$ china, they are the one behind the scene, lately they are the one has INVADED Philippine, Vietnam, STOLE island, BULLY innocent fisherman(Vietnamese fisherman and Philipino fisher man) on the Vietnam and Philippine's water! but dont dare do any #$%$ to Japan and Taiwan, they know if they touch Taiwan and Japan U.S. will jump in and yet THEY DONT have advance technology to deal with American's weapons otherwise they will invade Taiwan in split second, but like any COWARD BULLY, only dare to do to the weaker and like a puppy to the strongerDONT TRUST CHINA at all.Since they have power, nobody really has the peace at all

Suck it up China, you're the ones allowing the NK's to throw gas on the fire.how dare we set up defenses for ourselves..

Why does China admonish the U.S. to "adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently" yet exclude their parasitic North Korean 'ally' from the need to act in the same fashion?  Evidently, it's completely acceptable for North Korea to break treaties, test atomic devices, starve its population, and threaten war, but it's somehow unacceptable for the U.S. to enact a defensive posture in response to threats from a rogue nation run by psychotics.

China never announced its military expansion like the US did.  China's expansion is the REAL problem in all Asia behind the "little dog's yapping."

We may have forgotten the panic days when Russa began to ship missels to Cuba.  The feeling of encroachment was very real, and so was the threat.  The balance of powers plays a much larger role than one nation.  At best, this is a difficult situation that could go south in a hurry.

lol heres your sign proof that china is behind north koreas #$%$

It had been looking like China was moving away from N. Korea.  This is a little disheartening.

excuse me china but why don't you condemn N Korea about threatening to Nuke the U.S.

China - how would you feel if we (the US) put a few hundred nukes on Taiwan and started making threats aginast you?  The whole problem could be solved if you reel in your pudgy little dictator and take some of his toys away!

screw the chinese, you dont tell america how to defend its borders or interest around the world. especially what they are doing to provoke japan over islands.

one very simple solution,,,no foreign aid to any one until they realize just where their bread and butter is coming from....the USA..they all hate us and want to kill us ,,so why ,,are we continuing to not only feed and clothe them but also give them weapons?? am i the only one that thinks this lunacy??Ef China...The only thing good about them is the food...Just don't go in the kitchens, you will never eat it again if you do.

According to estimates, China only has around 100 ICBMs that could hit the US.  Increasing our ground based missile defense to close to 50 interceptors, plus what our Ageis ships can do, neutralizes a good portion of their deterrent.  THAT'S what China is concerned about.

You don't deal with a rabid dog by playing nice.  You prepare to neutralize the threat.

Well China......If you don't want the missles.....then keep your wild dogs on a tight leash !!!!

Heck, these #$%$ a re all upset because japan claims a island 1,000 miles from their mainland. How do you say "shut the FU" in chinese??

Will someone please tell china to shut up. They refuse to deal with those crazies in NK yet seem to think we should sit idle while thile their dumb buddies carry on like a bunch of lunatics. The US has every rigth to do what it neeeds to do while the stupid chinese talk out of both Aholes.

Forget about China, why isn't anyone reporting on terrorist acts in USA. This morning the federal prison in Puerto Rico was sprayed with bullets and weeks ago a Lt federal agent was killed by some individuals that also sprayed his vehicle with bullets. Why isn't the GA filling the many vacant positions in this infested with crime and drug territory.

Hey China, bite my red white and blue #$%$. If you were the one threatened would diplomacy be your reaction??? Not even

Hey China, F you!!

when you don't have a solution, Shut Up!If NK were to launch a nuclear missile (that we don't think they have yet) toward the US mainland, the USA submarines swimming off their coast would destroy NK before their own missiles ever reached the continental US.  They would not even know if their missiles were a success, for they would be vaporized first.I don't want this to happen, but damned if I want to just sit around and let NK (funded by China) progress their threats that endanger the USA and its citizens, including my own family.

So let me get this straight . . . we tell everybody up front what we are going to do to try and defend ourselves from NKorea and China feels threaten by it. In meantime they test their own defense system (if they really have a system in place) and tell no one.Can't haven it both ways Beijing!

I wonder what China would do if the little fat boy was threatening them? I would bet his reign would last all of five minutes.

The stinking #$%$ have encouraged the #$%$ for 60 years, so don't listen to a word they say!  They are building up their military like mad and they don't want us to do the same.  Go to hell you Commie freaks!

China could disarm NK of nukes and the problem would be solved, so they need to stop flapping their gums and do something, otherwise we will continue to respond to the NK craziness in ways China does not like.

this thing is getting so far out of friggen hand..is any country out there not mad at us right now???   every day...nothing but bad news....

Of course they don't like it, anyone surprised ?..they live for the US to crumble. Just like their commrades north of them..hoarding gold, oil and currency. We created this monster, probably too late now.

Thats ironic that Russia and China dont want the U.S. to build up our missile defense system.

How is putting a defensive missile system in place NOT diplomatic...China doesn't like it because it could detour their missiles as well.

So N. Korea can threaten to throw a nuke at us, but China wants us to be civil with them and handle them in a peaceful manner ? Really !!!!If the people in China fight for freedom the Government vigorously stands agianst them and crushes the protest.Now, the United States has been threatened, we are not invading NK we are just setting up a defense for our country and others around them.Dear China, Diplomacy has not worked and if NK would not make THREAT, that means they will attack according to NK statements. Our efforts to deter the action will antagonize NK.If you play the game be ready for the concequenses. In sports, your defense is always preparing for actions by offence. Why should there be an issue here, the offense said we are going to attack and the defense is saying go ahaed we are prepared. The Ref is now saying dont prepare???besides, its not my tean that is not plaing by the rules, its theirs and we are preparing for their STUPID comments.

And what are you doing China to reign in North Korea?

Hey people we don't have to worry about going to war with China-I checked they won't make our war materials!

If NK only has enough materal for 1-5 rockets, then we only need 15 defense missles per location.  That way, we are not upsetting the "stratigic balance" with China and the big boys can quit getting pizzed at us.

According to Minister Hong's thinking, North Korea threatening a Nuclear Strike is not aggressive. Strengthening defenses is. We should take China's advice...Nuke North Korea.

Why doesn't China take Moe and his co-horts by the scruffs of their necks and talk some plain old horse-sense into the spoiled brat and those senile old fools.  Stop shopping at Wal-Mart.

I bet China wouldn't mind having some missile defense when Kim's rockets start going off course.

Hey China, if you don't like what we are doing then cage your little fat puppet before he makes a big mess! Otherwise you reap what you sow.

China is giving NK the nuclear and missile technologies to begin with.  They are the real threat to the United States.

China is just upset that we might in the future intercept some Chinese nuclear missiles.  With the number of missiles that China has pointed at the US (your shopping dollars at work!) we could not intercept them all, anyway!Seriously?  The missle intereceptors are not going to be placed anywhere near China  or its sphere of influence in Asia.  They're going to be on US sovereign territory.  Isn't this really China just interefering in US internal affairs - something they always tell us not to do with their own country?

Hey China, butt out or we will stop buying all your cheap made junk and make you're corp exec's drive those #$%$ cars you make instead of the Buick's you want. SHITBAGS

That Boo is going to be the antichrist  ....muslim go home  .

China is not a communist country, its an oligarchy that cares nothing about its people or the people of other nations. The ruling class are only interested in money and power. China is the same as north korea with a few more kims, that's why they are allies...

The U.S. acting prudently WILL happen when bawreck obama turn inot a White   ,  South Carolina Born Christian  ..

If this was China problem ,What do you think would happen ? twenty ships ready to fire at will ?  and dare you to stop them. The old saying ,Do not do what I do, do as I say .

china is using N. Korea as a tool for terrorism.   The are a proxy regime carrying out Bejings orders.  If China says dont build it we should build twice as many.

Concerning what China wants..#$%$...

Obama must now travel to China, bend over with a 5 pound jar of vaseline and apologize and beg the Emporer to go easy on him.

Best course of action for China is to coordinate a joint military attack against the North Korean regime and bring down the regime of fat boy stupid dear leader Kim Jong Un Kimchee .  This will bring about the reunification of Korea and bring home the 28,500US troops stationed in South Korea.  A prosperous united Korea will be no threat to Chinaand it will be on much more friendly terms with China than with America. This will eliminatethe threat of North Korea to the whole world and isolate Iran as the sole menace to world peace and security.  At this moment the axis of evil runs between North Korea, Iran and Syria under Assad.  Let China accept its global responsibility to world peace &amp; securityIts very lucky for North Korea that the US did not attack it with every fire power in its meansIt would be much better for China to give North Korea a spanking, than for US to have to do it.

Now why would they care? That is strange. I mean if we were putting them in S. Korea it might make since. But in our own country?..... strange.

So we're suppose to sit here, and possibly be attacked by N.Korea, while China is doing pretty much nothing just talking, while N.Korea are making them look like fools, and don't want anything to happen to N.Korea, but it's ok for N.Korea to threaten all they want, continue to taunt us with videos, threats of wiping us off, and we're suppose to just take it? but no hard actions are allowed toward N.Korea? The hell is this sht. It's like bullies in school. Kids get threatened, beaten up, verbal punished, and no one does anything, so what does the poor kid do? FIGHT BACK, and he's the one who gets punished for defending himself, while the bullies do it on a daily basis, and nothing is done? PFT FK_YOU CHINA. You can go to hell with N.Korea, and Russia, only reason they are interested in peace talks is because they know we can beat them, and trying to talk us down is less of a threat to them, not so much they are worried about N.Korea. Plant our defenses, and blow China to hell too if we need to. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!

I thought their missiles couldn't reach our mainland. Is the government with holding information from us?

Obama needs to "invest" in America and reinstitute the draft and immediately call up 200,000 troops. That will get China's attention! I know these are not the "investments" he likes to make. Drafting 200,000 "entitled" kids and beating them into fighting shape will take a huge effort, we need to start right now. It is time the kids learn that the things that have been given to them must sometimes be paid for in blood.

China's a written ALLY of N Korea, no matter what they announce in PR, or how they vote in the UN. Now that N Korea has openly declared itself a nuclear combatant of the US, the US has a good proportion of nuclear sea-lunched missiles and land base nuclear missile targeted on N Korea. The US should fully retaliate if the North launches one missile.

OMG! They're going to call the loan!

Where in the world do you think the North Korean nuclear technology is coming from? CHINA, and they stole it from U.S.!

Chuck Fina!

This is China`s mistake that they must fix.  They supported NK and lost a million dead solders.  Fix it or prepare for nuclear fallout to float across and onto their country.So fat boy can threaten to launch missiles but we should not be prepared to defend ourselves, I wonder what China would do if a country with nukes threatened them?

OK! Thats it! Stop making interest payments to China!

LOL..this is ironic. This sounds like alot of people that think all guns should be banned in the USA and we should all be defenseless and victims. Now we bearing arms for defense and CHINA sounds just like the people here, "You don't need that."

If its not China its Russia. They dont like our defense but in same breath have no problem with their own

very surprising the US is not explicitly mentioned in the end time prophecy.Will something happen to the US?

Anyone who understands actual history, not the liberal made up #$%$, knows that Russia was so afraid of the US creating the SDI Initiative (Star Wars) that it actually helped to end the cold war. Reagan was President then, and knew the power of a great dfefense, that also could be used as a smothering offense. Obama has no backbone, therefore now we are afraid.

I hope none of yall out there believe this #$%$!  N Korea is China's puppet!  Chubs is marching to China's drum.  When are we going to see this?

China go to hell .We should have took care of NK fifty years ago.It is time we do what needs to be done to stop NK from makeing threats every few days. It is time to show mr bully we are tired of his threats.

So what for 60+ years we have been trying to "diplomatically" work things out with North Korea and we have seen how well that works havent we.  China is just afraid of having to defend its redheaded stepchild against the western powers before it sees itself as ready.

China would like to see the US  destroyed then they could overtake us &amp; be #1.  As evryone sees they talk about us but build their own defences up.  Two faced #$%$.China Should tell their "rabid dog" to back off or they will retaliate against them, if their interests are threatened.

Oh man.   I'm so scared about what weak and poor North Korea will do to me! Whay can't somebody save us from this nightmare?

China's diplomatic advice to the U.S. has more to do with their own insecurities than the DPRK's. How can it be anything but prudent to protect your own borders with defensive missles designed to shoot down *incoming* missles? I wanted to visit China as a tourist for a long time, but no more. When it comes to lies and deceit, they are almost as bad as the Obama administration.

We're not trying to encircle China. We're not trying to encircle Russia. We're trying to encircle the world.

China and Obama share some common ground, both prefer Americans defenseless.

US Missiles are not Made in China?

Ahhhh, now it all makes sense... get those anti-missiles as close to China as possible!!  And here I thought we were being 'stupid' with NK, when in actuality NK is the perfect excuse for this strategy.... brilliant!!

Obama is just making this up to go to war ... he wants to fortune cookies. There are no wmd's...

What the heck is the world going on? NK nuclear problems, cyber attacks, dead pigs in river, Japan disputed islands, Syria, Iran, etc.. Is the world too #$%$ to enjoy peace, or, they are all under a script written by someone??? Maybe only when we human beings face a common threat against our existence on this planet can we realize what the most important thing is...-----an ordinary Chinese

Time to destry North Korea, China's little indirect weapon  towards the US and move our position up to China's borders!America has the right to defend it'self any fu  cking day..specially with the chi   nks runing their mouth and makng nuclear threats...fu   ck them.

The Chicoms are right this time. When you let things get so far we are building missile defenses (which may or may not work) the only ones who benefit are the arms manufacturers. We went through this with a real super power, the Soviet Union, and apparently we have learned nothing from the experience. We need to stop the threat from NK and Iran at their sources, before they start launching ICBMs. We should not have let Pakistan and India get the Bomb, either. Too many nuclear loose cannons rattling around our fragile planet!

lets see here, the Chinese have a problem with an asian missle defense system, the Russians have a problem with a European missle defense system, wait i got it, i got it, lets just scrap any defense system, that should make Obama more politically popular, he should love that!

China: I know that North Korea has threatened to turn you, South Korea and Japan into rubble. I know they have conducted a series test including nuclear tests and even a long range missle casing that reached Japan. Having said all of that, there's no reason to overreact. Stop being nervous Nelly's. Worst case scenario is that Seoul is hit with a nuke and it kills millions. Talk about making moutains out of mole hills.

Our plans to protect our country have nothing to do with China, and for them to be so concerned about such plans, is reason for us to be extremely concerned about their reaction! (note to our government: the less you tell China about our military plans, the better, HELLO)

Nukes  arent the  answer -Fair  Trade  is the  answer -WE  trade  you  Dennis  Oddman -  for  ,  ah,  let's call it  even  -  see  -  Fair  Trade  !!!!

The only thing Good about China is their Food and after thirty minutes ITS GONE TOO!!!!

Better to go with the interceptors. China cannot control NK.

China wants us to back off on North Korea, but China does nothing when they test fire missles and practice nuke technology. It only leaves us one choice. If China wishes to take care of North Korea, well than we will back off, but until them we will defend ourselves and neighbors whom seek peace..

Note to USAF:  don't drop nothing until Rodman goes back for another visit with Jane FondaIf Obama hadn't cancelled those missle batteries when he took office they would already be in place.  I wonder what else he has cancelled that is going to bite us in the butt?

Since China wants to play this BS, i'd say screw them on paying back what we owe them..Seriously what do we need China for?

And who cares China

I would tell China to step out of the picture being they are not putting an effort to shut Kim dung wing Wong up and go right on as planed by the U.S..A TO DO WHAT WE SAY AND IF CHINA DON'T LIKE IT "O"well get over it they are not the one's being put on nuke notice !

We should have sent a nuke to N Korea the moment they threatened us,and let China know we have plenty more.

In other words China don't want us to be able to defend against Chinese missiles.

China; shut up.

Their manipulation of the countries currency is doing far more harm to U.S and European markets than a defense initiative by the USA.

And who do you think China will side with in a war?

F@#kem let just kick their assess back to the stone age. That is the only way to deal with insanity at its worst.....Well, it China controlled it's delinquent child North Korea, we wouldn't be in this situation.

If China is developing an anti-missile system of its own, then it recognizes value of a strong defense, and it shouldn't be concerned about our efforts to defend ourselves.  It should be concerned, however, with the bellicose rhetoric and actions of its client-state, North Korea.  China, the ball's in your court.

one push of a little red button could end the pesky little problem we like to call North Korea.

Unofficially, however,  on similar news, China is very pleased and happy, one of the rare moments you will see them smiling, the USA anti-gun agenda people are trying to take away the protection of the people , so they can invade us with no or little effort.

Read "ONE SECOND AFTER " by WILLIAM R. FORSTCHEN .

Please don't provoke the guy who wants to punch you in the face by throwing your arms up in a defensive posture.

China speaks out of both sides of their mouth, they cant be trusted, and this is a huge reason why we need to get our budget and spending in check, they we don't feel like we owe them.

Obama needs to step up and be vocal and tell countries like China and Russia to mind thier own business. North Korea is threatening a premptive nuclear strike...The US has a right to defend itself and its citizens. If China and Russia are so concerned, then they need to put North Korea in check instead of stall tactics.

china will  be # 1 of the world  and replace power of usa if china  can control  vietnam ,   and  burma   as the states  of china ....! because vietnam  and burma  are as  back door of china....

Hong said China believed efforts to increase security and resolve the problem of nuclear proliferation were best achieved through diplomatic means.Diplomatic means has been going on for how many years. That will change nothing. All we can hope for is that North Korea does soomething stupit and we go in and finish it this time.The US is using the NK issue to get close enough to China to gather intelligence. That's why they're uncomfortable.

hey  China   how  about  we  make  this  deal---  EVERY   time  N korea   sends  up   a  nuke    we  toss   one  your   way--   now  you   have  a  vested  interest  in   making  sure  their  nuke  program  is  held  in  check   rattle   THAT     saber    enuff  said

The only way to deal with a spoiled child like them is to spank it.Talking does not work.

#$%$ China !

What? So China's little buddy can talk all batsh!t crazy about destroying the U.S., but when we talk defense, they say... "calm down". Evidently someone has dumped some high octane drugs in the water supply over there.

the chinese r satanic!

F china go the hell

If China doesn't like it...China should step up to the plate and do something about their #$%$ little neighbor.

F China!

How did the US ever think being in debt to China was a good thing?Let's hope this fat little PIG of North Korea point its nuclear arsenal to CHINA and wait what these stupid communists in Beijing will say?

We've acted "prudently" and tried to negotiate for years and look what it's gotten us; threats of a "preemptive nuclear attack" by a rogue state. Unfortunately we're doing the same stupid thing with Iran. The only thing that will stop N. Korea now is an overwhelming military response that will cost millions of lives. Do we wait for Iran to be in the same position or do we stop them before they have a nuke? How long do we remain "prudent" before one of them pushes the button and it's all over worldwide?

It'd be damned easy to have an ICBM launched from the sea of Japan land on NK's political leadership while they are conducting their nuclear tests... whoops... misfire.

In other words, "It is UNFAIR if the U.S. does NOT expose itself to danger."A stronger trading partner could not be bought.Oh, wait a minute....  THEY bought US!

Who cares what China thinks anyway.

After obama shuts down the rest of our military, they can have their way with us. Maybe give some more fighter jets, and maybe a few aircraft carriers to the muslim brotherhood in Egypt.

WHY CRITICIZE ???? It is only for defense ! WHY SO ALLERGIC AND UNEASY ABOUT THESE MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM??? You mean to say that you want the U.S. to be just a sitting duck if attack by North Korea ? Oh common ,you small eyed communists ! Better change your attitude.

CHINA and NORTH KOREA are on the same TEAM !!!!!!!

It's time for the US to finally stand up to this nobody who thinks he's somebody.  We should tell him "We will continue to negotiate, but if you make any attack on us or our allies, we will annihilate you!!"  Like from "Roadhouse", be nice, until it's time to not be nice.  We shouldn't start anything, but if someone else starts it, then we finish it!

To hell with China. Buy made in USA and see how long it takes for China to change it's tune.I wonder why China would want us remain vunerable to a missle attack...

From the iron curtain to the missile curtain. Two big arms dealers getting into a "pissin" contest. Eventually we all pay for this.

We have tried all the Diplomacies for decades and we just gave North Korea and even China enough time and resources to build an Army to Destroy us soon.Wake up America,China is starting to DESTROY us.Never TRUST a Chinese.

Listen China, the United States must protect itself from any threats from any country and in this case North Korea. N. Korea may not actually have long range nuclear missiles to attack Washington DC, Hawaii, Alaska or our West Coast; maybe they do and if so, we need to be ready to take those missiles out.As for diplomacy between our countries, your country cannot be trusted a communist government and allowing capitalism and USA business in your country: historically it does not work. You cannot have both and your country in reality is a communist country with plans to destroy our economy (you hold most of our debt).In 1952 U.S General Douglas MacArthur should have crossed over from N. Korea/China border and wiped your military out and government!Please do not patronize our nation with false hope and promises. You are a country to be distrusted.

Then China should keep "fat boy" under control. If they can't keep control of their unruly friends, we will have to smack their little friends around. China is NOT our ally.

If he keeps this up we will have to send Dennis Rodmann over there to talk to him.

Looks like he is standing between 2 decorated traffic cones. Are the koreans taller than the chinese?

No, North Korea's recklessness &amp; irresponsibility has a direct bearing on regional balance and stability. China needs to pull its head out of its #$%$, seriously, China expects us to do nothing when its mentally ill cousin threatens a preemptive nuclear attack on the United States. Wake up China!!

"Politically Correct" is a tool of oppression.

Never trust those commies...!!!Yeah right, easy for them to say.

Stop buying Chinese made products.  I knew this would happen after Reagan, said to communists, Tare down this wall.   It should have been left up.   This is only the beginning from China. Get used to it.

Who shall commit the "Ultimate Sin"?My guess is Obama.

""The anti-missile issue has a direct bearing on global and regional balance and stability. It also concerns mutual strategic interests between countries," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a daily news briefing."Translation: Expanding our anti-missile systems will make most threats, from aggressive needy countries, ineffective.

Would they prefer anti-missiles or bombers?

N. Korea threatens the world and China doesn't make a sound. U.S. responds and were suddenly the bad guy. Why do we even listen to China about anything. Were becoming a bunch of pansies because of the corporate all mighty dollar. Time to grow a set.

"This is a big fu**ing deal, Mr. President!"

Hey China....you worry about your sweatshop workers making our 99cent store merchandise and we will worry about the worlds "big boy" problems....mmmmkay?

Let me get this right, a country the size of Illinois threatens to nuke us, as well as South Korea, and "WE" are the antagonists? If China doesn't like Japan, Taiwan, etc. that's on them. They now preach "peace" but haven't even reconciled with countries they don't like? Think they need to reevaluate their politics before preaching to the US about theirs.

I guess China's upset because they don't build missels for us yetDon't prepare your defenses, because that might "intensify antagonism"...better to just hope the other side doesn't try anything, right?

china keep your dog at bay

We tried with sanctions. We tried with negotiations. Nothing has worked. Admist all this trying, they keep upping the anty. Now they have weapons aimed at US military stations in SK and have them aimed at the US. China wants us to shrug that off and keep talking to NK? Sometimes people can't be reasoned with. Sometimes people are just iodiots and that's the way they are. It can't be helped, avoided, or reasoned with. It just is. NK's leader is just that. China should step up and realize this.

No China you brought missile defense on by firing missile half way to Japan and blowing them up.I strongly suggest both missile defense and under water surveillance along with Exoskeleton drone mass production.If you had no intention to attack you would not feel intimidated by defense measures and retaliation of robotics.

Like telling the bullied kid, the victim, to calm down and ignore and do nothing, while the bully continues bullying and terrorizing.... yeah right... that always worked so far, right? NOT!

lol this is funny now lets see if obama can do this

Why does Defense Dept. report these things? Just do it and keep it out of the news.

China needs to scrape that turd off its shoe...

If N. Korea nukes us then we probably would have to default on the $1.7 trillion mortgage-backed securities we owe China which would allow China to lay claim to $1.7 trillion worth of US property.

Well we deserve what we are getting from china and what did you expect we ship out jobs to them(hedgefund corps), then we have stupid billionaires like the walmart families that say china is cheaper so the US is basically screwed when it comes to buying american made products example is solar panels though we lead the industry and 8 kilowatt will cost a family close to 80,000 and if you were to buy panels made by china wow now it only costs around 35,000 so shows you why china can sit on their commie #$%$ to supply NK with nukes and they are laughing knowing we pay them billions and NK pays them billions. Thank god mitt wasn't in office we'd be buying missles from china too to save our budgetChina is basically saying: We don't want you to beef up missile defense systems that will coincidentally be positioned to intercept OUR missiles.

China is not our friend ..they want a war and they want American, simple as that.but gess what they will never get it..we will defeat everyone of them

I still am having a hard time rationaling why China (or Russia for that matter) are so upset about missile defense systems. If they have no ill intentions, then what is the big deal?And China.....how about putting a muzzle on that pesky little yapper you call a strategic ally?

I find this amusing, China is afraid of a missle defense system in their backyard.

You're not so inscrutable Mr. Hong Lei !

why defense is seen as a offense to some other nations specially china who gets chill shiver on their spine even if any country burn some fire crackers

The threats have been issued, the truce has been nullified, the gauntlet has been cast before us. We are at war, we just don't know it yet.

We threaten Iran, send drone to spy on them, and engineer viruses to take out their industry. Yet we don't do any of those things to North Korea. Iran doesn't have a nuke. North Korea has a nuke. Hmmm.....

Words of a Chinese microblogger...“Appointment is called election, dictatorship is called democracy, exploitation is called benefiting and enslaving is called serving,” Murong wrote. “What’s sad is that people are not as smart as they think.”

Says the country that saw an incoming sattelite blown away by the USA over the Pacific Ocean.Oh,ho,ho.I do not see Pig tongue in the world map,why .......,hungry Pig ?????

More of China......go figure....zipper heads....

China doesn't have to bomb the US. Just call in the debt and the US is through or at war.

Marine General Smedley Butler was correct back in the 1930s: "War is a racket." The USA military-industrial-banking complex makes money by finding enemies to fight who don't want to fight. Specifically, the smaller countries with natural resources or nuclear weapons are the ones the USA likes to beat up.China and North Korea work their racket by China pretending to help the United States to negotiate with North Korea. The end result of their diplomacy is: North Korea wants a nuclear reactor. China suggests that America give it to them and we do. In the bargain, China demands 10 nuclear reactors for their help and we give them the reactors. Those Communists sure know how to negotiate. Nothing new, this racket has been going on since WW 2 at the expense of the American taxpayers. To add insult to injury, both China and North Korea will probably use the nuclear reactors to build nuclear weapons.

North Korea only understands force and it is time we forced them to understand we will not be bullied around anymore (if obama can grow a pair). They do this to gain concessions and it has worked in the past. It is time to put an end to this misbehaving child of China.

CHINA , YOU EMBARRASSED YOURSELF TO THE WORLD...AGAIN.......You can make up your mind what you want....

Hong said China believed efforts to increase security and resolve the problem of nuclear proliferation were best achieved through diplomatic means.THE NUKES ARE NOT POINTED AT YOU HONG!!!!!!!

china's siding with the wrong team

People on here stating “China should shut up” or “we should bomb them”. Here’s a better idea, stop reaping the super savings of Wal-Mart who carries over 70% Chinese made products.

why doesnt China put more pressure on Donkey Pong Jr., the US would love to step out of this but 15 countries sign sanctions action but North Korea only blames USA. All China has to say is that if any missiles are activated they will bomb North Korea. Japan, S. Korea and USA can just sit back and watch. Just because they all suffer from bad haircuts we should let our gaurd downs and listen to threats?This is China's subtle way of saying we are behind you N. Korea and not behind the US. China is the biggest major threat to the US. No loyalty here. We made China the threat it is today.

Just an excuse for wastefully expensive missile system that will never get used. Similar to the US's land based ICBM program which is a dinosaur in the ground.Investing in diplomacy with honestly good intentions and quit bullying the world is alot less expensive and more fective. Let the US become the world's next Switzerland when it comes to involvement around the world.

It's not only for N Korea CHINA, this is the prime time to take advantage of Ping Pong Jr's stupidity!

@China, come on dog.

Drop China's most favored nation trade status and use the extra import revenue to get the defense shield up sooner.

Look i got one of those gold ribbons by my picture cool i must of did good thanks

Just let NK do it, I hope their malfunction missile lands in China that way we don't have to deal with this.

lol...smh...@Hong Lei. save your breath, what did you expect, these are counter defense measures, that's all. it's called being prepared for the worst case scenario.

Shaddup, Chicoms, ya got NOTHING to say about what the USA does in self defense !

China installs missiles interceptors in Iran, NK and Russia. No worries. This is not directed at US.Chinese has already begun building their missile defense system. Don't worry. It is not direct at us. It just will make our first and second strike ineffective.

SO what? What are you gonna do about it? Not ONE f\u\c\k\i\n\g thing, so get lost.

I, for one, am glad our administration finally responded to N. Korea's threats. If N. Korea happens to launch a missile I'm happy we are prepared to shoot it down rather than wait to see where it lands.

Sounds to me china better wake up and smell the coffee.they have backed this lil putz for way to long.get tough on them or just #$%$.china your showing your weakness.i think they just need to worry a little more about lil putz and his group of idiots instead of having their nose about what we are doing.you threaten me i will kick your butt.you threaten the usa a lot of people want to kick your butt get over it.so china control your back yard before it gets it #$%$ kicked and maybe yours.

"Actions such as strengthening anti-missile (defenses) will intensify antagonism and will not be beneficial to finding a solution for the problem,"~ i don't get this... what's wrong with protecting your country?

China! Put up or shut up!

Don't buy Chinese products! Then this POS will shut up!

Diplomatic efforts could best be provided by North Korea's ally, China.  So far, no luck.  The United States needs to protect itself not only from North Korean ICBMs but China's empty advice as well.

China is the bigger problem.

China keep your nose out of our business period for a change ,also think China which you can`t it is called being ready not waiting at the last minute ,I see what rice does to you makes you a total jerk .Criticized us your a joke there not our friends never have been always communists .They just want to see North Korea blow us up thats all there saying there going to send missiles at the UNITED STATE and kill innocent people show me a Country who cares for the United States ? ZERO I been to alot of Countries they hate us even if we give them money to feed there people or help rebuild there Country .It time we the people take care of our Country and say #$%$ .Was in the Military for 21 yrs seen it allAs much as I love China ( I'm living here ) but this reply sure makes a fool out of China

I would like to see China's reaction if North Korea threatened to Nuke them.

In further news... the Chinese Gov't criticizes the United States for claiming that the Sky is Blue!

shut up China and mind your business and your baby N korea!!

If we surrender to NK would they have to pay our debt to china?

Come on China, Really.  If someone threatened to attack your country with nukes, you wouldn't bolster your missile defense system. Better tighten the leash on the North because its becoming shorter everyday.

I'm rather sure North Korea is right about there if not already able to hit the United States with a missile.  Though I highly doubt they will be able to launch a large salvo ,  which would be required to land some in. Just one loner won't be much of a threat and not that hard to take out.

Shouldn't diplomacy have a time line?  Can't go on indefinitely.  China is upset over adding 14 missiles? What's there reaction going to be when we finally decide to lob a few of them into N Korea.

North korea  is china s  best  customer..  they  ought  to take  care  of there people  who need   food  and stop thinking of war

When a con artist is threatening a favorite ploy is to criticize defensiveness. This is intentional. If the con artist can get the mark to lower defenses it makes the mark a much easier target. Never fall for critique of appropriately natural defenses.So, it is alright for NK to threaten to nuke America, but it is not ok for America to put some defensive measures in place for defense just in case that crazy #$%$ regime follows through with their threats? I honestly wish NK would just go ahead and jump and quit barking. I am getting really tired of seeing headlines of these threats time after time. Go ahead and make the move Kim and see what happens to your #$%$!!!

Our drone can't kill Kim? Why not? oh sheet, NK got nuke. And CIA can't poison him? why not ? no access? send Rodman.

china..just keep the money coming our way...give us more loans cause in the end we will claim bankruptcy and stick in to you good.....

cuck fhina

since when do we need permission from China to defend ourselves. Seriously this is what happens when you have a weak leadership.

CHINA is talking nothing senseless but #$%$! North Korea has been its unstable communist idealogue and puppet since history begins, but everytime the UN will discipline it will oppose. Its recent support for US led sanctions againts NK is for Chinese interests not because China is concern about world peace. America, as the world and Pacific power has every right to protect the homeland. North Korea should aim its nuclear missiles to China and let's wait what these stupid Chinese will say! Let the dog bite its own master!

man what hell kinda sense does any of this make....  screw china and russia, park them things all over the place, in 4x the numbers needed and in multiple layers... and rotate them forward and back..... and declare the china sea  a permanent ao for 3 carrier task groups..A OUT RIGHT THREAT OF NUCLEAR ATTACK, and chinese support, JUSTIFIES it!.but of course that weinie obama won't do it.he'll probably promise to give the chnology to china, like he promised russia..i swear that sob should be up on charges like the wikileaks soldier...

If Canada was a rabid China-hater with nukes, I have no doubt they would be holding the USA responsible. Time for the Chines to point their fingers in the right direction for a change.

I wish these other countries would mind their own damn business and quit telling us how to protect our own country, and we should do the same!

Sanctions against an already poor country are ridiculousness. What can we do prevent them from growing rice? To begin with we have strengthened our defenses because we thought it necessary. Not realizing we needed China's permission to run our military any more than they need our permission to run theirs, we made a decision that was best for our country. What are they going to do, foreclose?  We do not need the permission of anyone to make military decisions that are for our good or otherwise. We are the U.S.A., not a subsidiary of China contrary to their belief.This move is purely defensive. Obama halted this anti-missile program in 2009 and even He thinks it's necessary. To bad it's going to cost a lot more, now. Like always, you have to go to FOX news for the whole story.

I have an idea....China, tell you little puppet to shut up! Or you will shut him up......but you really dont want that do you? This is really part of your grand plan..........................China is not to be trusted!

".... and urged Washington to act prudently."that's a fuq'ing joke. please don't tell me that by now China hasn't figured this punk coward wh9re house of fa99ots out.hey, hop sing, you're not dealing with rationale here, you're dealing with d()ck sucking dope dealing wh9res of Lucifer.

You China, as the foster parent of the rogue child, need to reign in this little monster.

I think we should take the offensive move. So china sound be happy. It's not us making the threat. We are only looking out for the safety of our people.

China ask U.S. to act prudently regarding missile defense.This shows China has a real set of balls after allowing N.K. To continue to threaten the world for the past 20 years and continue to support the conduct on N.K.

Pull your pants down and tell china to kiss your #$%$.

LOL the USA "Pivot Towards Asia" and it's sadistic Military Industrial COMPLEX has done NOTHING but accelerate DPRK's successful satellite launch and nuke-detonation OMG MAO!!!!!!

The real story is that our missile defense upgrades actually focus on the rise of the Chinese military.  The good news is that we get to blame North Korea for our buildup.CHINA IS THE ENEMY

In face of a dire Spending cuts, US spent another $ 1 B to build the Anti-missile system against N. Korea??? What kind of strategy???China, I have 4 words for you........shut the fk up.............and quit sending those garbage products and keep those poison dog treats for yourselves.

I wonder what their responce would be if the North Koreans had threatened a preemtive nuclear strike against them.  Somehow I think it would make what we are doing seem like childs play.

Sounds like N. Korea's big bro is planning to hold U.S. down while little bro throws blows. We depend on China for things and they know when the time is right. Its time U.S. keeps to themselves for a while and hold tongue about defense expansion. I feel an ambush is being set up.

protect this country from an ever increasing world of lunatics, I'm all in mr hagel.

Any country should be able to bolster their defenses without any questions asked regardless of threats.Maybe we should bolster our defenses even more just because China is being critical.

The US should not be telegraphing what they intend to do regarding missile defense systems.  This should have been quiet, thereby forcing the other side, North Korea, China or qnyone else who wants to flex their Military might guessing.

China has no say where we place missile interceptors in our territory.  Especially after fat POS threatens our country and allies.

Then China must stop claiming islands that doesn't belong to them.

China is playing it safe; her, north korea, iran, russia - a matter of time till they start the 3rd world war.

Has anyone told China about what happened at Pearl Harbor???they need to mind their own damn business,also.And need to be told to.

China can stop NK or we will,it is that simple.

Start the MASH reruns.

Hong, the solution to the problem is North Korea..

Before China starts "criticizing" they need to jump in and really help trying to control N. Korea in which they have already acknowledged is a problem. They are the "best solution" if they would only act on it. Kim bong balls and his regime have to get out.

Thanks China for your opinion on what we do to protect ourselves on our own soil. Now go back to making your poisonous baby milk, eating animal fat infused cardboard, and producing cancer causing sheet rock...

It would be more cost-effective for the U.S. to eliminate the threat then to deploy this anti missile systems.

Sounds like Chinese nonsense for the fact NK are already building and exploding bombs. That is known UN rule along with shooting missiles. NK has not even tried dialogue with South Korea, Japan and USA that has not ended up with NK exploding nuclear bombs or shooting ballistic missiles. NK has also directly threaten the USA and South Korea. If you really want to ask the important question. Why is China allowing NK to starve there people to death?

Bush started a war under false pretenses of weapons of mass destruction. Ten years later and billions of dollars spent, lives lost and maimed, there were no massive weapons. North Korea we know has the proponents of a weapon of mass destruction, it's a fact and we placate them. Bomb the #$%$ out of them and be done with it.

Huh, 'magine that.China's word will not influence anything regarding US because the US will do whatever it want's... especially provoking fights.

China sure isnt helping like they act on controling the chunky little hot head they helped create. China...where u been does diplomatic ways seem to be helping? Lol um no. Wait till they threaten china with nukes for not getting thier way. Im sure tune would change fast.

Poof Time to dust off N Korea MacArthur had a Plan Really we should pull our troops out then Give n Korea 30 days to Disarm and allow Our inspectors in. Failure on Day 31 would see a demo Nuke In their Hinterlands. Day 45 would be Pyongyang

The sad thing nobody is pointing out is the U.S. made China the country it is today. China has gotten rich and powerful because of us. Everytime you buy something made in China you can thank yourself.

Keep a 3rd eye on China....

Let's enact an anti-China plan.

Hey China how about dealing with NK, we're doing what's necessary they're lucky this is all we're doing right now.

and People think China has had a change of heart against North Korea, freaking dolts! China is the one instigating this #$%$, North Korea doesn't do anything without Chinas approval

The Chinese don't trust their own country why should we? N Korea has been very aggressive with their threats as is Iran. It's just a matter of time before they join forces with Russia and all the Muslim countries.

nuke those commy #$%$ now obamaThis is what happens when a rougue country runs it's mouth against a powerfull country.

Did I mention rail gun missile defense drones? Sorry Japan for cutting you short of SELF DEFENSE.All the Asian alliance needs insurance that we won't follow the Dolly Lama's footsteps.We like our freedom.

Just made them mad because we have missile defense systems and they don't. And we have actual missiles that work too. Aww too bad so sad.

China needs a pandemic that will kill a billion or so. Come on planet earth lets go!

missile defense = more nukes + bigger nukes

China is correct.

Listen up China......only WE can dictate the policies of nation's. You stay out of our affairs and we'll maintain our nose in yours. Deal?!?

As always the US of A is overreacting and thereby aggravating the whole situation.Do the US of A really think NK would launch a missile towards them?They must be paranoia!

Do it Reagan's way . Choke them to death. Communist China disappeared there will be no more communist.

Lets see what our Puppet Obama does nowcareful guys Obama will do whatever china says to do why do you think they are taking away our guns

*China is the number one enemy of the World in every way*

We have always been the high power that says one thing and does another. We don't want to jeopardize our superiority by letting other countries outdo us. And how did that work for us in Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan? Because we are the good guys? Not according to most of the world. They hate us. They think out goal is to be war mongers. And we enhance that attitude by invading other countries. And then can't figure out how to get out gracefully.

I don't know why NK's emperor threatens us with a nuclear strike when a single Virginia class boomer has enough nuclear warheads aboard to turn all of NK into a radioactive glass sheet. It will solve the problem of feeding everyone. There won't be anyone to feed.

oh no!!! if we #$%$ china off or nuc em,does that mean that walmart will shut down&gt;? everything i own is made in china.....faaaaaaack......im so confused.......we should just shut N.K up ourselves...there problem solved and everyone is happy!!&gt;&gt;?? no? darn

Listen up China: If you would bark at your buddy North Korea more often, we wouldn't have to bolster our missile defenses.

So China can dictate how USA can protect herself. Aggressive tiny brain world power

The CCP brings EVIL to new levels with its North Korean Puppet!

The US should wipe China off the face of the Earth.

Defense missles make china mad? Who do they think they are wanting take away our defense agianst mad men, Obama?F you China..we will exert our right to protect ourselves..

Start with missile defence, and then start pointing nuke at both country's! Hell they want us to stand by and let there 400 million man army's totally wipe us of the face of the earth. They should alway's be kept on notice!We were the first in space why in the hell we ever let other countries into space to set up satelites and there technogly to use against us! Is beyond me! I say start there take and blow there junk in space up! Take out there technogly after our missle are in place!But Folk's we better be arming our self's!!!!

Well SCREW China!!!!

Nuke China

ha,dude threatens me with a gun and his neighbor say's i'm gonna stir things up because i want to put on a bullet proof vest to protect myself !

If we didn't have a pansy, liberal commie president. China would be blacken with radiation and a massive crater by now.MADE IN AMERICA! BRING IT ALL BACK, PEOPLE! If you really are proud Americans like you claim to be. Support America and have domestic products made here once more!

Both China and Russia would criticize a US government statement that the sun rises in the east each morning, and sets in the west each evening, pointing out that in reality the earth rotates on its axis once every 24 hours and as such  it only appears the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.  The reverse should also apply. Want to know the correct and appropriate foreign policy of the US? Simple. Just oppose every foreign policy statement of either or both Russia and China. Guaranteed never to be wrong. Take it to the bank.

Uh, I think we have a right to defend ourselves, unless you want to own a gun.

Who cares what China thinks...

China pick a Bale dance guy to do this job, I never seen his hand keep in the right place.  He keeps making his hand go around like dancing while talking.  Maybe there's no more idiot chinese doing this job in China.As I've said many times before:Any nation that would befriend, or even tolerate North Korea, is not to be trusted.

I see China is back in business of protecting North Korea. DON'T TRUST THE CHINESE

Look at that tiny dwarf in the picture. Nice photo! ROTFLOL

I think the word "terrorism" has become the new it word this last century to start conflict. The previous words were "invasion", "colonization", and "slavery".

China is just jealous and worried that they don't have any nuclear detterence capability against NK.. they need to suck up to and kiss NKorea's #$%$ also because they're neighbours.. dont' want to tick of Lil Fat Jhong Ill .. doesn't take much for their nuclear missle to hit China xD

If NK sends a missle I say bomb them back to the stone age! We need more Patriotism in this country to! Lets stop buying from China and bring our jobs home to AMERICA!!! We need to take care of ourselvels. Lets stop giving other countires billions in money and keep it in AMERICA.

Hey China keep your little brother from running his mouth and we won't have to slap him around and teach him respect.

So where is the US buying these new missile defense systems from? If its China, then the war is already over.

Someone - since Obama won't  - should criticize China for building up an armada of warships to intimidate its non-communist neighbors of Japan, South Korea and specially Taiwan which they claim for annexation next .

China is in with the little baby Kim in N Korea. To hell with China and Kim.  Eat some lead and nuclear waste.Someone fears the US preparations for defense because they can see it.  What they don't see is the cyber space defense that needs to be begun.  Attem boyz.

What woudl China do if someone said they were going to send nukes at them. They would not sit idly by and say that's ok,lets talk. They are crazy!! The North Korean leaders!!

The US has the right to protect itself and always will. China and Russia need to act on our behalf and stop complaining about our position. When a nation speaks to starting war then one must believe them...forewarned is forearmed,it is simple as this.

i can think of dec 7th 1941...the usa was being diplomatic with a country...and we got hit badly..#$%$ on this waiting for diplomacy #$%$....#1 go ahead and put in the defensive armament ...and tell that fat little son-of-a-b***h...that if he utters one more threat we won't wait for him to be pre-emtive...

"Actions such as strengthening anti-missile (defenses) will intensify antagonism and will not be beneficial to finding a solution for the problem,"They kill a few thousand of their own to build and launch each missile, we shoot the missile down before it reaches us.  Soon there won't be any slaves left for Kim to force and steal from for his missile program.    Sounds like a perfect solution for  the problem to me.

Buy American made please, stay away from Chinese made

The US will do whatever China wants because all China needs to do is threaten to stop buying US bonds and then the US will fall into a deep depression worst than 1929 in a matter of 2 weeks

Wah

One thing is for sure.  If NK attacks ANYONE with nukes....they will pay the price and so will every nation whose border is connected with them.

whats with our gov, cutting the defense budget, and expect everything to ready,, time to have a talk with the powers to be and do something, right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#$%$ china and who ever buys an import car

lets shut China out of all imports and exports and then,, they will be willing to sit at the table and talk things over with the US&gt;

Coming form the nation that has supported them for 60 years?  Here is a warm cup of #$%$ China!!

"Actions such as strengthening anti-missile (defenses) will intensify antagonism and will not be beneficial to finding a solution for the problem"translation:"if our side can't threaten your side with missiles, our leverage is reduced, therefore, don't deploy anti-missile defences."

Light'em up!

You know, China is always taking North Korea's side and yet the United States still does a massive trade with them. 90% of everything we buy is "Made in China" The United States has made China a rich country. But still, China defends all the countries that want to destroy us. We need to embargo China for a while and let them see what will happen to "them" if they don't start standing by us. We are China's bread and butter/ Rice and soy sauce.

The reason the Chinese and the Ruskie don'tlike this is because we invent things and they cannot! The braines if the world live in the Mongrol Nation (USA) and we can produce. YEA US!!!

Mind your own business, #$%$ !!

Just a few points to consider:1. NKPR does not yet been able to "miniaturize" a nuclear device to the point they can useuse one in a missile warhead, and they have little or no capability to hit the continentalU.S. with one.2.  China does very little that is not in in's own interest.  While it may be somewhatbeneficial for them to keep things at a "low boil" on the Korean peninsula, I doubt theyare very interested in a full blown military conflict.  The last thing they want is a fewmillion North Korean refugees streaming across their border.  China is currently moreinterested in buying up as much of the planet as possible, and building a blue waternavy to help project power in those areas of influence.3. It's possible that China is letting us know their ability to control "Little Kim" may besomewhat limited, and the more we challenge him and cause him to lose face, themore likely it is he will go over the top.JMHO.

So why do country's think they have the right to murder citizens of their or other country's to insure their polices. And why do we the people allow it? This includes the "we have the weapons to wipe out all life on earth 57 times over" U.S.. There are more of us them then.China has always done what they want. Ask the people of Tibet what china has done and we will do what we want.

As soon as China pimp slaps North Korea hard, we'll stand down.  If they can't keep their dog in their yard, it's not our fault if it turns up missing, know what I'm saying?

Hey China,  HAHAHAHAHA  BITE ME!!!

MAY I ASK why is china stocking up on weapons and guns etc..... I WOULD BE MORE WORRIED ABOUT CHINA  DOING SOMETHING THAN THE USA &gt;&gt;&gt;

I think this is false indignation.  I think China actually wants the US to increase its work on anti-missile defense...so it can steal the technology for itself.

Well China your not the one being threatened with nuclear annihlation so why dont you get over yourself and by the way why dont you do something about your pesky neighbor instead of complaining about what were doing China im giving you the middle finger

Since no one has the ability to defend drone strike, we are killing other citizens at will. We want the same on nuclear strike. build missile defense. Then we can nuke any one.

To hell with humanity, our drone is killing your people today. Our nuke will kill more tomorrow (just need to have a missile defense making sure you can't fight back)

What would China do if we threatened to shoot ICBM s at them. Why dont they just take the Nukes away from N Korea. We whipped N Korea once and we can do it again if china and russia stay out of it.

Seriously, is the NKOR missile threat really credible? Or is this just another ploy to divert public attention on the real challenges to the economy. Uncertainties, like the trillions in debt that the country has to pay probably for decades to come?Google: FED Clears China's FIRST US bank takeover.Google: China taking Great lakes water (Spragg bags)Google: Chinese sister cities (laws)Google: China taking over American Sea ports.Google China owns oil and gas wells in North AmericaGoogle: Chinese cyber attacksGoogle: China debating dumping the dollarIt is all right in front of your face America, and the Chinese LOVE your in-ability to do something about it.

if anyone is antagonizing everyone it's north korea.since china allows their stepchild to do this.responsibility falls on them.

Here's the real truth! If they ever did attempt a first strike with a nuclear armed missile, their whole country would be destroyed before their first missile even reentered the atmosphere. I really don't think they'll try it. They just like boasting and keeping their little big man in power. Yep, just one missile submarine off their coast could completely destroy their starving country. And since they threatened attack, how many more subs do you think are on their way over their now? That, my friends, would dictate a severe case of stupidity, with intent!

Final sentence from the article: "China has responded by developing an anti-missile system of its own, announcing the latest successful test in January."Headline of story: China criticizes U.S. anti-missile North Korea plan.  And we wonder where OUR politicians get it from. The media: counter intellegence.

F&gt;&gt;? China

North Korea is a USA's pretext to  bolster missile defenses  encircle China.so China criticizes and will develop more  multi-warhead nuclear missiles can reach North America.

China doesn't want us in their business,  they need to stay the hell out of ours!

And the race goes on

The Chinese should shut-to-hell up..!!

Tell me the Chinese wouldn't bolster their missile defense system if the Russians started rattling their swords. What duplicity.China should tell the fat arrogant litle #&amp;%^#! warmonger in NK to shut down on the nuclear plans and the rhetoric.

China needs to reign in their puppet.

china won't screw with us, we owe them too much money.

#$%$ you china

I would say it is better than putting the platform above north Korea about 1,000 miles in space???  Maybe about 50 nukes and 50 anti missles would send a clear message.  China should close off there borders with the Kim's...  Solve that problem then we may talk in a year or two...

F* the Chinese communists-Study history-look up Mongol Horde. See how "enlightened" our Asian neighbors were. They were largely responsible for the dark ages-set civilization back hundreds of years by murdering everyone they met-and did it in a few short months. Then went back where they came from and contributed nothing to anyone for another 1000 years except more murder and destruction.

Why doesn't China curb it's pet and punish it for making threats to the civilized world.

PS guys... when someone says they are going to rain nuclear fire on you... beefing up your defenses IS prudent and restrained.....

maybe the u.s. should should put up anti-missle batteries on the philippine coast to keep china from stealing filipino land and fishing rights. you notice how china backed off with its dispute with Japan and the islands. that's the power of history at work.

Criticize this, China.  ‹^› ‹(•¿•)› ‹^›China gives N. Korea mobile rocket launchers and then tells us to not over-react when they threaten to nuke us??  Goes to show that China really isn't ready for a world leadership position!

People need to stop buying all that Chinese junk.

How do you find a peaceful solution with a country that looks across the border to south korea and sees that they are living well and are fat and then respond by threatening nuclear bombings in support of communism?

No offense but... America is the first nation in this world that will gonna be destroyed.All of the Elite's are now evacuating America. In case Nuclear War starts. This is not a joke.

Does any American actually care what the Chinese barbarians feel?

Trust me,, we are acting prudent , Now the Chinese can go blindfold themselves with dental floss.

China is a communist country that has backed North Korea, and Viet Nam so why should we listen to them. North Korea should just tuck their tails between their legs and hide. If they are smart which they are not then they should not even attempt an attack anywhere. If you look back at all of the incidents they provoked it`s time that they should have their commie #$%$ spanked.

Japan's biggest defense against China? Godzilla! Deal with that China.

Why are they complaining ?They will just steal our missle defense technology in a year.

China you communist punk!  You can careless if we're blown to hell!!Two faced China

So what do you want is for us to just bend over and drop our paints? Well the way I look at is you can kiss it !

China criticizes U.S. anti-missile North Korea plan........OH MY GOD!!!!  I did not see that coming (sarcastic)

Why do we need missles in Alaska? We already have HAARP there, and it works!

Well all the US needs to tell China is. China if you would take your baby out and give him a spanking when he throws a temper. None of this would be going on

You know what. he's right. Our missle defense plan will only antagonize North Korea. What we should do is tell them for every one misslethey send our way, we will send 200 back.

I saw this coming from afar, since America can not genuinely reject Israel for refusing to endorse the nuclear non proliferation treaty yet having large arsenal of nuclear weapons, China and Russia can not genuinely reject Iran and North Korea , and anything sanctions, around the issue is just a political game for the media. This is fact and of course a bitter one, if America attacks North Korea he stands the risk in fighting China directly or indirectly

ok china,,,,,we are nt over there slapping the #$%$ out of them,so i think we are stilll being very nice ,,but at all costs we will defend against any serious threat...since you cant control you puppets...WE WILL.

Antagonizing? If the US threatened to exterminate Iran or N. Korea, the UN would be up in arms and China would be finger wagging us. The truth is that we have done everything but wipe this Nut Bag off the face of the planet. Jesus back in the days of Empires and Dynasties, you threaten someone and you best back yourself up. Now we are #$%$.

Has China forgotten that they helped the koreans to build nuclear weapons? and they are the ones doing cyber attacks, hacking our systems?! no matter what those water melon heads have no chance to win this!China always called North Korea its blood-solid alliance. Who on earth in this country said that China and Russia were not enemies but only friends? Only democrats promoted these unrealistic ideas while these twosome always have objected us in the United Nations. What kinds of friendship did democrats enjoy with them?

China believes the US is foolish and should therefore "act prudently”.

Translation is, (in my opinion) gov./China HAS always impeded diplomacy, IS the puppeteer thus hiding, deflecting us, behind  NK, and does not want USA to off-set senario of China's aspirations to use diversion and get put in a position to ever be hindered with China encircling others for greater gains slowly as they patiently subversively have been doing in subtle overtly(our financial, cyber tactics used for intellectual property access/attacks, imports, low wages for our companies, buying  up, etc.) means.Their remarks fall on deaf  hears because the jig is up and in my opinion, someone finally gets their strategy, and reversing the NK stance as an opposite excuse to take action in placing needed defense/offense implementation of Missile Defense, ETC. Check-Mate!!!!! And the beat  goes on.................................

war is not good solution ,people around world tiredly from consequence  of the war

Their greatest fears should be me.

I don't trust China and all it claims to stand for, period!

These are purely defensive weapons.  They're only a threat to China and NK if they plan to attack us.  If that's their plan, I don't care if they're offended.

Maybe if we bring some of the jobs we sent to China back home it would change their attitude a little and help out our economic situation.

Ok, someone give N. Korea a missile guidance system that would guide the f#&amp;!* thing right into Beijing.

China is only out for themselves.  They want the world to play by the rules while they make up their own rules as they see fit.  They can't even reel in their own "puppet state" of N Korea.  I can't remember them ever telling the truth. They have Hong Kong, Macau and infringing upon all their smaller neighbors.They still think that Taiwan is theirs.  Unbelievable!!!  And CNN falls into that trap and believes them.  Taiwan and China never had a civil war. China had a civil war.  Taiwan was the unfortunate country that became the new home for the fleeing ROC.  A government in excile even to this date.It doesn't matter what China "suggests" we do instead.  Any action we might take, NK will take it as a threat.  Hell, they consider out mere existence a threat to them!  We have the right to act appropriately to any threat of nuclear assault.

We want War!

If China has a problem with what we're doing, then maybe they should get their b*tch under control.

Hay i'm in hanapepe,hi i think i am right in their sights help

Let it intensify and we see the end of it, the annihilation of this rogue North Korea.

Obama's failed economic plan at work.  Now China tells us what to do.

It just so happens that same missle defence system could stop chinese missles.  If somebody keeps threatening you are you supposed to sit and listen to it or do something about it?  The NK are lucky I'm not a politian, I would give them a pre-emptive strike and shut them up once and for all.  China is behind all of this.  This is a war by proxy.

Fu*k North Korea just bomb them now and lets end this Blah Blah Blah a president with no balls and lots of words bomb them and Iran at the same time and tell chin and Russia to kiss our #$%$... Keep making bombs and dropping them untill everone shuts the h*ll up. then lets burn a #$%$ load of korans and say bite me many times to them all. Bring all the troops home around the world and put them on the border and take back this damn country we are the biggest bunch of bansey #$%$ people on this planet.........

why we should listen this idiot communist country china the small brother of n.korea they are the same feather and same intention to dominate the all country in world.

I'm sure China would take a different position if they were the one's who were threatened with a nuclear attack. I think the word for that is hypocrisy.so china doesnt like our missile defense???and we dont like china imperializing other countries like tibet, so whats their point?

just let North Korea nuke japan who is the real trouble maker in the region.

Yahoo why do block so many comments by the administrator?BECAUSE you are liberal like the shine in washington. What we cant be granted free speechYAHOO sucks.

NORTH KOREA says "F@#$ YOU SLEEPING GIANT".......OK Then BLINK First !

Yes America! How dar you erect a missle defense and reneder all of our weapons absolete? You have no right to do this in defense of your people or not!(and if you believe that I have a bridge for sale on ebay!)

I don't like wars but are we to wait until the threat is on our door steps before we do something? n.korea 20 years ago= knife / 10 years ago = gun / Now = assault rifle, are we seriously only going to wait until we are attack before we do anything. i'm 100% sure the united states will win the war if there one but if we can avoid being attack first and save children lives cuz if we ever attacked they will try to attack our cities. we should. that's just my personal opinion it may not be the best.

we should have just done it and said nothing!

China should act responsibly and squash that little bulldog NK before somebody else gets hurt.

LoL!! China is against the U.S. defending themselves from attack and tells us not to do it...... Sure, ok China, whatever you say!! Is it me or does that request just make you want to do the opposite??

MOre than ever now. China is NOW the most hated country among its closest border neighbors..  just because its economy is on a positive curve does not give it the right to start claiming all the territorial islands from its neighbors. This is totally disgusting on China's relation with its next door neighbor. SHAME on you CHINA!Trust the Americans.Trust their drones and missiles.They are peaceful and just.Have they attacked anybody ????

China is a hypocrite nation

dear china,please do something about north korea or shut up.

The main reason for China's objections is that the N.Korean "shield" can also be used against missiles from China, making it tougher for them to realize their military objectives.

China needs to butt out of this issue and quit offering such biased advice...this coming from the filthiest and most polluted nation on the planet! Besides that little snot-nosed punk kid from North Korea started all this with his ignorant,clueless, and misdirected rantings and if he does possess the brass to continue with his idiotic behavior, watch out,,,he just may get what he wants!

See what I mean? China's been wanting a war with us for some time now, and we seem to avoid it at all cost, but it's obviously inevitable.Looks to me like a trap geared to call our bluff, while China displays it's power as they know we're not prepared for an all out war any time soon. Anytime you see the Pentagon preparing to draft women into combat, best believe, all possibilities has been accessed. And that shouldn't be no big surprise to any of you.We've been acting like big #$%$ every-since 911, and they've had plenty of time to prepare for war while our economy continues to going backwards due to those spoiled little brats in congress sit around, arguing and debating over things that aren't even relevant. They're mostly exposing our business, and manipulating the system to work for themselves. What are they getting done besides showing us that racism is forever present?Just face it...We're being misled by an unjust government that only thinks of itself, while trying to convince us (the people of America) we should be policing the entire world, while mean while, we can't even see how China's sicking their dog on us, and daring us to react, so they can catch us off guard.

The USA should put intercepters in Japan that would really freak out China.

if China tell us not to do it Obummer won,t do it with out permission

China is right, United States need to give diplomacy a chance. Now, since best diplomacy results are achieved by the one prepared, US should add 500 interceptors not 24, then proceed to diplomacy. And please, next time tell China what you did not what you will do regarding your own country's defenses...really, how stupid can you be?

North korea would be a gaping sinkhole if it ever attacked the United States of America.U,S anti-missiles are in response to... 1%.... from North Korea ... only,but 99 %.... from you,...,hungry Pig.What can you do now,hungry Pig ????Oh,ho,ho,Senkaku islands, Pig tongue map ,...What have you done for Chinese neighbors,hungry Pig????Will you tell U.S before you fire missiles at U.S land for...,hungry Pig ?????.............

Translation: We do not really care about North Korea. If you use missile defense systems, how are we supposed to threaten and coerce you with our nuclear arsenal? Imagine if you someday have virtually full proof technology against our missiles, we might have to start behaving like civilized people instead of cheating thugs.

China better keep their Fing mouths shut when it comes to us putting missiles in our OWN country, it is none of their Fing business what we do on our land.

hey China.....why dont you keep your lil lap dog kimmy in check, before he get`s his nose rubbedi n it

Dear China,We regret to inform you that we have the right to protect ourselves from whomever we believe to be a threat to our way of life. Maybe if you meddled in North Korea's affairs like you do ours, something could have been done before they dug themselves into such a deep hole. They may not have the ability to nuke our country at the moment, but everyone sits idly by and eventually they will. We do not wait until the last minute to protect ourselves. Go #$%$ yourselves!- SincerelyThe American People

So, China would have us sit still and take it when this little pissant counry launches missiles at us? We all know they know better. They just don't want the fallout from the retaliatory strike floating over THEIR country.

China doesn't US put missile defense in Pacific is not they're worry about N.Korea, they're worry about US is getting to close to them. They're worry N.Korea is falling and the South Korea would take over and United Korea, if that the case it would too close for them to be in comfort. Never believed Communist period.

What a chabge of heart, this is hilarious. First Russia is concerned with the missile shield in Europe, and now we switch it over to Alaska and China is concerned while Russia is un impressed. Its never good enough, i would say the US might be too imposing but others just assume too much.

hey #$%$ .. fix your pollution first.  USA is installing the anti-missle defense against North Korea because they cant see misssles coming their way from NK due to your polluted and smoggy atmosphere xD

why Yahoo! always exaggerates the things in double? I read the whole story and did not find the part where China criticizes US anti-missle plan. China doesn't want the tension be escalated.Hey China! Go leash YOUR dog(aka NK) and Nobody will have to worry otherwise....... SHUT the F/////U////C//////K UP!

F China and North Korea. Oh and Russia. And Iran too!

Send in the drones!

I am no fan of the "2 party" republicrat system of government. Could someone please explain to me - Why does China still enjoy most favoured trade status with the U.S.???...

who really gives a #$%$ on what china says anyway. All they had to do to stop any actions at all was to put porkey in his place, but they just sit back and let him make threats and the world is supposed to do nothing... I do not think so, remember all it takes is one little accident, intended or otherwise to start a war.

While it has actually already begun, outright war in the Middle East will be known to the world come January or February. Russia and China will stay out of the conflict for the most part, however secret arms shipments will be revealed. But eyes need to be centered still on China and Russia for I feel that the war in Iran, Israel, Syria may be a diversion of some sort. That China and Russia are planning for “bigger fish to fry.”

China hopes??? They place a lot of trust in NK that they will not do something stupid...On the other hand, I don't...

I was wondering how long it would take China to say something about the U.S. actions with NKorea. Knew they would eventualy say or do something to help their little fat buddy.

Of course China is not interested in the US being able to protect itself from ICBMs. That's China's main deterrent as well. But to suggest that diplomacy is the answer to NK's "give me what I want or I'll throw a tantrum" policy is about as intelligent as trying to "negotiate" ice cream policy with a 2 year-old.

I think that Obama should stand up and explain to China that we are their biggest tradingpartner and if they want it to continue, they had better spank the little fat boy and have afatherly talk with him.  Threats don't go unpunished.China you had your chance at handel this this issue ,N.K... They N.K. After 60 years of threats . They made thier final threat" With nuclear strike on U.S.A. and decleared War !  So China Kiss Off , N.K here we come",Well see how big you talk when you all your miltiary sites are wipeout!

made in USA stands for low quality

Nk u playing with da Big dog soon or later you going to get bit.

Gee I wonder why, cause when we default on our loans and refuse to pay they will probably were planning on bombing us.  Oh and if they ever invade we won't have the means to defend ourselves when guns are banned.

We must not  back off!

The USA gave China plenty of time to step up and be a leader on the world stage.  Their inaction, forces the United States to protect it's people and allies from North Korea.

well they shouldn't have threatened us with missiles and then try to play it off with a #jk

Let's build missile defense so Obama will have a  free hand to nuke anyone who does not have one.

N. Korea and Cambodia are China s two favorite Chew Toy in Asia

Good news, Holders says Obama has the right to domestic drone strike. Just be careful when you go outside.Like I said before Would not be suprised if the Chinese,North Koarean's,and Muslims are all in kahootz with each other.One thing all three of these Cultures have in common DICTATORSHIP.But because we owe the Chinese god knows how much money there our friends.Lets not pay off that debt and see how friendly they are!!

Hey morons,we are no longer the worlds police.So shut yer pie holes

Sorry for the cut off....Have we learned nothing since I was born? (1950)  I give praise to our elected officials for "getting on with it."  To date, it's the only praise I have been able to find from our Washington Cronies.  By the way, current members ofcongress and The Obama Administration, owe more than 1 billion dollars in back taxes!

Remember this friends, China fought us on the ground during the Korean Conflict!  The US and our allies didn't respond well.  Let's see..China owns the US at this point because of the dollars and securities they have been able to aquire.  Yet they support NK!  What a delima!Perhaps we should prepare in any event...because sooner or later the threat will be from Europe and the Mideast combined, not to mention Asia.  Have we learned nothing fr

Translation:  Stop building so many missle defense systems so that we and North Korea can try to blow you up more easily.

If things go bad here, it could lead to an all out war with China &amp; Russia backing North Korea. And if that happens, because the U.S. Military is so tapped from the war in Afghanistan and with China alone making up nearly 20%, of the world population while the US is just under 5%, a restitution of the draft will almost unavoidable. I'm in the military. We just don't have the resources. We have had such difficulty keeping people the last few years.

ok china builds defense. but we are not supposed to do so? sounds like we better think defense on our soil!

The only way North Korea could deliver a nuke today is with an Ox Cart.  That being said, if they think the 1953 Armistice is over lets finish them off and free those folks from that crazy regime.

Russia says our plan to protect ourselves does not appease Moscow. Well honestly we dont care about what Moscow thinks when it come to putting missle defence on our own lands in Alaska &amp; California. The Euopean border is one thing but on U.S. soil is none of your concern. They actually want us to be unprotected for some reason. Why do you think that is?

In other words, don't build a missile shield because we'll need to build more nukes. Do people realize that China and Russia have their missiles aimed at our cities?Vote "Thumbs up" for a preemptive strike against North Korea or Thumbs down on wasting more air while we keep the endless cycle of babel going on and on!

why the hell is america setting up military defence when they say missiles from north korea is as of now incapable of reaching american shores.

China's 'diplomacy' with North Korea has sucked.  Don't buy China made goods.  Buy 'Made in America'.

They have been dealing with this in a diplomatic way! China needs to put its foot down and tell the North Korean leaders to stand down. We have the right to protect our country. My question to China... What would China do if Japan Aimed missiles and threatened to launch an attack on them? I'm sure they would act to set up defense against the aggressive state

Our dimplomatic proposition to NK and its doughboy leader should be loose the nukes and we will give you a lifetime supply of cake.

Anybody who has any knowledge of this issue:The USA's Ballistic Defense shield of anti-missile missiles do no good against a incoming warhead that is in a free falling state - a tumbling warhead.  The only warhead that it works even sometimes on is a spiraling warhead (similar to an american football).... and even then it only works sometimes.Look at the effectiveness of this in the tests done of it.... very poor.It looks like the USA is beating the war drum again.... slowly ratcheting up the pace and loudness of it.I, for one, do not want this to happen.Even the North Koreans have said that ratcheting up the war drum does no good.... negative thoughts bring negative consequences.Just get to the diplomatic table, help the North Koreans become a prosperous economy.What is so hard about that?If we did that, it would disarm their interest.... just as it has done so with Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, China.Help them become part of the international community.... do not isolate them.

This North Korean president grew up believing in force, power of authority, and perhaps feeling supreme.  His ideation of feeling like God wtll take him down to hell.  Satan will get his soul for all the abuse, kidnappings, civil rights violations, torture in concentration camps, and other abominable acts against women.  God knows what is happening.  There is no way to hide.

China and Russia are both high on CRACK if they think we shouldn't be able to defend this country!

Cut the #$%$.  N. Korea "belongs" to China.  Tell China that the US will stop all Chinese imports unless they control their dog.  China, without the US buying their junk, will fall apart.  They know this.In the meantime, we can trade fairly with other nations - and maybe learn to live without chinese goods.  Win win

Well then China DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!Who Gives A RATS A _ _  !!! We are being threaten you Morons.

China its your fault. You created the problem and continue to support the problem and goverment in North Korea.

CHINA ... tell your little puppet = insane country to STOP making threats ... they're lucky we didn't nuke them for those threats ... !!!!!!

Confucius say: War not determine who is right, war determine who is left.

This is America, lol We do what we want!

China's comment makes no sense.  North Korea is the one threatening and the US is not even threatening back, just making sure North Korea can't make good on it's threat.  How does China even justify not defending oneself.  Let's see someone threaten China and see if they can turn the other cheek like they preach.

China is going to make it's move at being #1. “It is good to strike the serpent’s head with your enemy’s hand.” ~ Chinese proverb

Now Red Communist China claim East Sea for Viet Nam and West Sea of Philippine are their, 10 years from now Hawaii is belong to Chinese based on historical fact.

Fock China, quit sending your #$%$ over here.

I think it’s important to be happy that we are Americans, but also remember that every time we hold up that big foam finger shouting we’re #1, the rest of the world gets a little irritated. You can only be #2 for so long until you decide you’ve had enough and you want a shot at the title. China is going to take it’s shot eventually. It’s just a matter of time. Keep in mind  50% of their graduate degrees are in math, science and engineering, while the US is only at about 15%. This has very serious implications in regards to the development of military technologies, including bio and chemical warfare. Behind closed doors China and North Korea are allies. “It is good to strike the serpent’s head with your enemy’s hand.” ~ Chinese proverbActions such as strengthening anti-missile (defenses) are the best diplomatic means there is.  The best thing out of the pentagon in the last 30 years is the work on missile defense.  Those that have poo pooed it just show  their cards of not wanting peace on our terms -- freedom, and free markets...

Yeah don't tick off china or we wont get anymore cheap plastic toys

Yet we keep buying their products, and giving them the money to build more weapons to use against us,, something wrong with this picture

So we shouldn't prepare ourselves against a direct threat from the north korean fatboy ? China go ffff yourself !

"The Pentagon said the United States had informed China, North Korea's neighbor and closest ally, of its decision to add more interceptors but declined to characterize Beijing's reaction."  I don't see why we have to tell either country a dang thing about what we are doing.

Has the us gone soft? If this were going on 50 years ago we would have dropped a bomb by now.. not build more missle defense systems.. no disrespect to china.. i know we asked them for advice ( why i don't understand the comment for china to mind their own business).. bold move if you ask me myself.. but the threats have gone to far and now it's time to extinguish our threat. The us is looking very young handling the situation the way we are.

Let me get this right.  You're too big of pusssayyyssss to deal with it yourself, but you're going to give us c*r*a*p about defending outselves?  Wow your polluted air must be doing damage to your brains.

north korea has been bluffing for years. they want aid, that there not getting... and should not get for the above reasons

China is puzzzy!!!!

north korea threatens so we must prepare ourselves, why doesn't China contain the idiot from NK? It is our right to protect our people regardless of what China thinks.New resolution, Any missile launched from North Korea will be seen as a nuclear attack on the UNITED STATE and call for a full retalatory strike. Bring it on Tubby!

China doesn't want to see us defend ourselves so that they can use that against us! Make the US easy prey. Since when does China tell us what to do?

China needs to reign in N Korea. The US has been threatened with a nuclear strike, why is that not considered serious? N Korea has zero power except that bestowed by China. How would it feel if S Korea where threatening China with a nuclear strike? China would not simply be conducting exercises or bolstering defense.

To bad China !!!!  Are you kidding me ? Had you kept your little brother ( North Korea ) under control, we wouldn't need to do what we need to do. You don't like it, pound salt !  Here is a thought, you don't like it ? Stop sending your goods here to be sold. Keep your stuff on your side of the Pacific.

China lies downwind of North Korea.  Thus, they have a strong interest in preventing a nuclear war, and really should be doing quite a bit more at this point to put a stop to North Korea's threats to preemptively attack the U.S. with nuclear weapons.

NK's actions and promises in history speak for themselves....flexing our US muscles won't change that now!

I have contacts in china for manufacturing.  All the "top tier" manufacturers have been told to stop working on anything but chinese military projects.  Basically we put them in business, we trained their people how to make the good stuff the right way and then the communist govt takes it over for themselves.  WAKE UP PEOPLE!

If some rogue regime threatened China with a "preemptive nuclear strike" I have a feeling they would upgrade their missile defense too.

Yes it upsets China when the US plans strategic defense against a hostile nation that is threatening nuclear inhalation. Hey China go F Y S !!

China should stop worrying about the U.S.  The last thing we are going to do, is attack China. This is a "DEFENSIVE" system to protect the U.S. and it's allies, of which, we hope we can count China as one! North Korea is the antagonist here....keep your dog on a short chain Beijing......we will not be intimidated!Shut up China. I heard you eat dogs there. Kill your pet dog NK.

"Hong said China believed efforts to increase security and resolve the problem of nuclear proliferation were best achieved through diplomatic means."   What????? Helloooooo, where have you been dude?  We have been trying that route for years with no success.  If someone threatens us with nuclear attack we will defend ourselves, got it?

CHINA: Big Talk NO Action.

China's worried we get better prepared for them

I say make more warehouses, create more jobs, and build the he%# out of our defense system

China's just worried because it would bolster our defense against THEM!! They just don't want us to become better and bigger prepared from THEM along with all the other crazy #$%$ 3rd world communist countries

Brad Hayden hit it right on the head, nuff said

China created this monster and we will deal with it how we please.

What ever happened to just cut the fin.head off the snake ? So when did we get morals all of a sudden remember Waco,Ruby Ridge,Bin louden, and who knows who! You know accidents and shi! T happens.

I think we should do as Obama tells us and give up our weapons so that our enemies can just walk in and take what they want.All hale the new masia.It is time to stop listening to China and take unilateral courses of action.  Obama is 100% correct to put in place a missile defense shield.  The Chinese don't like it because it limits their offensive strength if they decided to attach the US.

I was just thinking yesterday its been a while since China or North Korea said something against us....

It will take us two years and over 200 million to do this.  Why waste the money, anything that NK is gonna do will be before that time.

China doesn't really need to develop their own Anti-Missile system. Our current president will give them the plans.

You mean the world is a dangerous place?  I thought we could just settle everything by being nice and talking to other countries like N Korea or China.  I'm sure China would never try to bully us if we just de-funded our military - in fact I'm certain they would just stop biulding their own military if only we would just stop biulding ours.  MIssile defense - that will never work - it has been made fun of ever since Reagan put forward the idea 30 years ago.  Hey the world is a nice safe place - we just need to be nicer to other countries - Im just sure they would never try to bully us if we were weak.Thank God for the US military - the average American has no idea what it means to live under the blanket of protection that the US military provides.

maybe they should stop stealing, copying, in general...breaking the rules.

Kind of of ironic, that 40 years ago the Chinese were supplying north Vietnam with missiles To(shoot down our planes) .And now they supply North Korea with missiles and warn the United States against  provocations.

Chinese break ALL the laws out there today and they saying what??!?

I believe the USA is sending a message that there wont be another pearl harbor , NK best listen .

everybody got tired of talk and not doing , anti- missile is the answer way to USA, finaly a right decision.speling get out you to narow mind.If China really wants to solve the problem, dont waste their time whining about what the United States does or does not do. The problem rests squarely in their back yard. The government of North Korea is the problem, and the sooner they address that issue and resolve it, the better. As for North Korea, if you shoot yourself in the foot, and then shoot yourself in the other foot, there is no reason to be complaining that both feet are bleeding!!They had better wake up to the fact that their country could be wiped off the face of the earth with a few well placed ballistic missiles. Would it kill millions in their own country?? Yes, but this is a problem they have brought on themselves. The government of North Korea had better wake up to reality before they find reality raining on them!!

Why should anyone judge that? I don't like USA, but hell, don't they have right to defend their country?

China uses NK as a distraction along with their other rhetoric to create enough delay  so they can build up their military. In resposnse to their request, we are acting prudently. We're building up our defenses. We should also build our offenses as well.

China want us nuked too.

...Hey China....the anti-missile system sure have parts...."Made in China"....happy now....

Unless they are planning something....why would they care!!  Give me a break!  I would hope that WE already have shields on every coast!

Getting mad about an anti-missile defense would be like a medieval King getting mad about his opponent's knights wearing plate armor.  How is protecting yourself aggressive in any way?  What would China do if they were threatened with a nuclear strike...sit by and do nothing?

I don't see how any country on Earth can say anything about defenses based on our own soil.  Especially when it's in response to another unstable country threatening to Nuke us.  I say it's way overdue.

China is looking to control the North Korean's war against the U.S. why would America back down on protecting ourselves? If North Korea threatened China, China would be already attacking them, But we are expected to lay down, bull it is time to stop these bullies. Once again these countries beating use with our own money. Why should we continue to waste tax dollars to deter bullies? Go show them what nuclear weapons that are perfected does. Quit taking bluffs, take it seriously and make these people pay for their stupidity. Do not wake the sleeping giant.

As far as I am concerned threatening to fire upon us is an act of WAR.  Damn China; and cut all ties.AMERICA should stop these two barbaric country (china &amp; NK) for treatening neighbors...CHINA needs to be issolated too....they are thinking that they can overcome US, hahaha, no way..#$%$ you CHINA.....

Now we can't defend ourselves?  Yes, don't provoke or fight them but if they launch a big nuke at us we are just supposed to say darn it?  It's like someone saying they want to kill you and you just say oh well...Maybe China can help out in this situation since they have heavy ties with America.  Cripes, look at all the stuff we buy from China.  Does North Korea buy as much?

China hopes for the U.S to do nothing,,,,Need to put a diaper on n.k...Even more so now, the U.S. has to re-evaluate its military and defenses and not be dictated by any nation..Considering the unstability around the world..I am not a war monger but, we have to look out for our country best interest... China shut -up...

#$%$ you, china....you nothing but nothing...

"China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."Cyber attacks,oppressed Tibetans,support of North Korean regime,copyright infringement ,intellectual property theft,unfair trade practices,manipulation of their currency, limited freedoms and they say the US  should act prudently and adopt a responsible attitude..

Screw China.

We really need China's advice on how to act prudently. Yeah, right. While they're at it, they might advise NK to back off, as they are leaving us no choice but to take a defensive posture. I am tired of all the threats from NK and they need to back off!!

Screw China.. the US has the right to bolster anti-missile defense for not only the US but also its allies in order to defend itself from NK.. China doesn't like this because those bolstered missile defenses would also be against them... who cares.. maybe it would keep NK and China from thinking that they can act like nuclear tests and scaring Far East Asia (Vietnam, Japan, SK etc.) like it is nothing to worry about...

Putting aside all the conspiracy theories and dissatisfaction with the way America does or doesn't do things, we can never forget that Communist Red China is without question the biggest threat to the World in every way.  This regime has a lot of balls to suggest that we are the ones who are destabilizing the region.  Their goal is complete domination of the planet and don't delude yourselves of that fact.

Our own Country doesn't want us to protect ourselves from from Criminals.  Why would the rest of the Communist World?these guys took NUKES for a baby toy one day they might destroy their own country with this their missile hmmm may God help north Korea that they never fall into the hands of USA... usa plz plz tamper justice with mercy plz i can see that the president of NK is only bent on weapon weapon weapon oh could somebody tell this man that nothing good comes from fighting but suffering and destruction hmmm just the like late Murmar Gaddfi of Libya after he was killed by his country men all the weapons he has been acquiring all the years was never even used but he was kissed like a street criminal hmmm plz this young man really need  serious advice so that his country with not suffer more than they are suffering now let him ask the people of IRAQ,LIBYA,AFGHANISTAN,PAKISTAN etc hmmmm may God help us all

Maybe we should have listened to General MacArthur when he sugessted we invade china whle we had the chance after world war two.  Perhapst this prolem would not exist

The US and her allies should start counter measures against China and  North Korea as this is the only language they understand...!! China and North Korea's weapons system is not yet at par with US but at the rate these two communist state are spending for weapons they will soon be..!! Think of the Free World what will happen then...!!!!

so if you get threatened and in return decide to enhance your defensive program its called bad? lol sometimes i wonder how such idiotic statements can be made

yeah right ... usa should help vietnam build the nuke just like china did it with n. korea ...

China is a cancer to this world.  The world cannot simply trust these COMMIES

This is why all of us should stop buying Chinese JUNK. Spend a few bucks more, go US made. Help our economy instead of helping china build more bridges.

'Hong said China believed efforts to increase security and resolve the problem of nuclear proliferation were best achieved through diplomatic means.'- but there is no resolution that all parties would accept."China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."-Yes China, building defense systems instead of attacking Nkorea is doing exactly that - your welcome."China has expressed unease at previous U.S. plans for missile defense systems, as well as sales of such systems to Taiwan and Japan, viewing it as part of an attempt to "encircle" and contain China despite U.S. efforts to ease Chinese fears."-Now we get to the heart of the matter!  We are selling these same defense systems to Taiwan and Japan?  OH NO!!  The dragon does not wish to be confined to his own borders.  While I understand China's discomfort, I can see from our own vantage point that this is the best strategy.  Sorry China!  We aren't going to just hand world domination too you.

China can go stuff an egg-roll in it - they're lucky it's Hagel in there talking missile defense and not Cheney talking regime change.

Change Cuba  and Soviet Union  to North Korea include  Eastern HemisphereIt shall be the policy of this nation to regard any nuclear missile launched from Cuba against any nation in the Western Hemisphere as an attack by the Soviet Union on the United States, requiring a full retaliatory response upon the Soviet Union.Change Cuba  and Soviet Union  to North Korea include  Eastern HemisphereIt shall be the policy of this nation to regard any nuclear missile launched from Cuba against any nation in the Western Hemisphere as an attack by the Soviet Union on the United States, requiring a full retaliatory response upon the Soviet Union.

China want's us to tone it down when dealing with North Korea, we wouldn't be in this tight spot if China didn't supply them with everything they needed to start this #$%$ with in the first place. NK doesn't have 2 nickles to rub together but yet they can develop a nuclear Bomb by themselfs....... Yeah right !!!!, go suck on this China !!!!.

Every country has the right to defend itself from any threats. North Korean's government announced its' intention to nuke USA. This constitutes attack rather than defense. Who is the aggressor here? USA definitely has the right to protect itself. Does Chinese government believe that USA should not adequately protect itself? What a stupid idea!What will you do if you receive a phone call from a known armed criminal that he will break in to your house? Will you add more security and locks to protect yourself?

It's defensive not offensive, their statement makes them look like fools!!!!

Since when cant we put anti missile defenses on our OWN land??

i guess US did spoil their plans too.

BOYCOTT CHINA

North Korea is not only threatening US. If China abandons or becomes critical of North Korea, North Korea could turn their nukes on China which is a lot closer than US. China knows it, they are scared.

In Mother Russia Vodka wins wars!

Well, if China cannot reign in his naughty brother, then #$%$ and let others to do something about it.Well China, if you would have killed 330 Million NKorea's, instead of 330 Million ABORTED China Babies, No one would be thinking about NK right now. Leave the world to US, and start at your own Home First, you Commie !

I should add, they're quick to take Western money and pay their people nothing. And the world says the West is greedy, take a good look at China. They are nobody's friend, maybe that's why so many Chinese are trying to leave, don't believe the hype, it's a shhhh-hole for most people born there.

China, stick with making those cheap iPhone knock-offs and stop telling us what to do with our military. Do you people really think you need to be involved in everything we do?

Is the Chinese government stupid? North Korea basically promised to send an ICBM to our shores. Bolstering out missle defense IS a path of peace and stability because what we really should do is attack.

Screw China....  They are no better.

The Chinese have no business telling anyone what to do, they have the worst human rights records and have done nothing to keep the peace in their region.

If  china and russia and NK don't like this then all the big five+ need to stand in front of north korea and say stop this now or we will all act on it, but they don't and thier suppose too so whats that say....it says to me we are on are own like it or not.

If you don't like it china here is a news flash the missile interceptors are already there we are just adding more, If you would control your little mistake kim jong notsolongdong then you wouldn't have to be whining. I am still confused why you support this terrorist since the fallout from his nuclear tests are contaminating your soil water and people.

there goes china again boy r they good friends of ours ,,sureeeeee and we buy from them ,,,,, why why why , we r makeing them more powerfull and stronger and they hate us ,, and takeing jobs from us --- and would  stick  a jewish pickle u know where to us ----why why why --- wise up usa --- and the  fence jumpers also

Daily drumbeats of war while the average person is struggling to make a living. Rather sad.Because Obama and his cronies want to disarm our country, the rest of the world looks at it as a sign of weakness…

China I think is the one doing the antagonizing with it's ships deployed near it's neighbor countries.

I think its time for a change in north korea after all we sure did not alow iraq to do this BS.If north korea wants WAR we should give it to them its going to happen sooner or later.We know that they have nuclear weapons and have threatens with them.Do we have to have 9/11 happen again before we wake up!

whats wrong China hasn't tapped into enough pentagon secrets yet to find out what we have. Or better yet just tell N. Korea to get the nukes out. OR BETTER YET JUST TELL ALL OF THE PLOITICIANSTO STOP INVESTING AND SELLING OUT THIS COUNTRY. DEMS AND REPUB. ALIKE WITH TRADE AND OUT SOURSING WITH CHINA..... Please OBOMA cut the #$%$ with these people. Grow a pair ...Be an American not a socialist

I think US did not do hard enough on North Korea, they are evil as Bush said, we need to prepare a total destruction on their nuclear weapon in order to sleep well.

Does it make ANY SENSE to fall back and WAIT TO BE ATTACKED by nuclear armed belligerent countries like N. Korea ????Here's EVERYTHING we've ever "learned" from fighting WWII and all the rest:___

see china is n.koreans good friend

Ironic, North Korean missles are made and exported from China.....DAH......

N. Korea:  ANOTHER TERRIBLE "PRODUCT" MADE IN CHINA OF COURSE!!!

The "prudent" action would be for the USA to send nukes to EACH AND EVERY ONE OF ITS DE-FACTO ENEMIES IMMEDIATELY......are you FRIEND OR FOE CHINA-SHI'ITE?????US testing water on china newly president Xi. LoL!

No country has ever attacked the US mainland. 9/11 attack was by ex-CIA pet Osama Bend me Over Ladden and 17 other Saudis. Bush responded by hodling hands like a little b*** with the dictator of Saudi Arabia in his ranch in Texas. Is that how your country mouns and gets payback for the 4,000 people assasinated on 9/11?When are you all gonna fu** wake up?

Its a dam shame that we live in world so full of hatred and nastiness.

Why are we so open with our intent to secure a defense system? Russia and China are not our daddy. We need to honor and help secure our allies in Europe, and react prudently to N Korea and do "as we promised"! or our word is smut.And Obama needs brain surgery.

We need to stop trading with china so much if they don't wanna help us out PERIOD

U.S. will arm all small nation around china. we'll see what china do. anyway it's north korea that will be erase from thw wolrd map. gudbye NK.

China thought that it could frighten America through NK yet this back-fired when America stated that they wanted counter NK with a missile program...in short the #$%$ are caught with their pants down dude.

China is most likely funding Nuclear testing in North Korea so its no coincidence that they support North Korea

like you increase building battleship and submarine will not help stablize your neighboor region. cause they all know you want to take away their dispute island

CHINA should put interceptors in korea!! cuba,mexico and troops! And also build advanced satellite weapons that can destroy u.s missiles while still in silos or on subs!! Imagine if China were able to detonate all u.s nukes while still in silos, subs, and planes!! THAT would truly be a great day!!Buy Made in America. Support American small business..

EF China....who cares what they think ??????????

Antagonizing the antagonizer.   Really!

CHINA SHUT THE F UP.

I wouldn't trust china anymore then I trust North Korea!!

Let's see,NK threatens U.S. with nuke missles,U. S. prepares DEFESIVE missles and that's provacative? The only thig NK and China need worry about is where the U.S. aims its OFFENSIVE H-WEAPONS..

if only america can control their eyes and hand off from those nation, the whole world would enjoy eternal peace.

How would China react if a nuclear country threatened them with a first strike?

Idiots, please take careful note. The anti -missile plan is meant as a defensive measure and not as an offensive intention. The US under no condition should allow itself to be a sitting duck to be used as target practise for the enemies of freedom. Another 9/11 should be stamped out in its embryonic stages. Who is ranting about a pre-emptive strike against the US? CHINA shut your hypocritical mouths and stop trying to continue to bite the very hand that feeds you.

Great china will back north Korea and china can hurt us.....what to do?exactly. china is preaching to the choir. they need to aim their rhetoric at their pals NK. how dare they lecture the usa, when they have done nothing about NK. china's government is one of the world's most oppressive. we cannot expect too much from them, and even less from NK. china has repaid the usa, for freeing their country from the japanese, with economic warfare. the chinese are so ungrateful, even the japanese have become a better ally (and we nuked them). not only does the government of NK have to go, but also the chinese communist party. i wish NK would try something, but they won't, because they are cowards and dillusional bullies. Have fun with sanctions NK. i hope your people can eat bullets and bombs, because what little food you have is going bye bye.

how  do  you  like  that.... now  the fish head eating  jerkoffs  want  to  tell  us  how  to  defend  america.... most  favored  nation  status... we  should  have  finished  the  job  on  them  and  n. korea  in  the  50's

Western powers think that they are fooling Rusia and China by going antagonizing small nations (like Korea and Iran)  around them with the intentions of introducing and encycee this rising powers, with weapons and defense system for future wars contentions!!! If I can see it, do you thinks that the military generals of those nation dont see it!!!

Maybe its time we change our foreign policy. What ever we have been using as a country just doesn't work. Except to make more enemies. No one is above having too many enemies. Just ask The Roman empire how well they like their chances now. Just saying. Usually the bully loses in the end

The Pentagon said the United States had informed China, North Korea's neighbor and closest ally, of its decision.That's  of story Jerry

So don't protect ourselves from a direct nuclear threat? Can't I take a couple huffs of that smog China?

China has been &amp; still is a big threat to the US.Years ago we were not used to hear #$%$ from China,now thanks to our greedy corporates &amp; big companies sending their products to be made there &amp; ordering  only Chinese junks to save little instead of manufacturing it here,china overtook the US in every field almost.If we go back to the old ways of respecting our own quality stuffs,give jobs to our own people,go American,not #$%$ociate ourselves with these big companies that prefer foreign products then China won't be a pain in the #$%$ anymore.

CHina should look at North Korea before they are complaining about the US missile defence.ARE THE CHINESE AFRAID OF NORTH KOREA??? IT LOOKS THAT WAY.WE SHOULD SHOW THAT LITTLE FAT LEADER WHO WE ARE .SEND SOME DRONES IN AND WIPE NORTH KOREA OFF THE MAP.

Our national security takes precedence.

I think U.S. Will solve it through diplomatic means, but it set up all anti-missile defense system first of all, before any diplomatic means. It will be the same end.We have to understand that we can not negoiate with some of these countries like North Korea. I would say its in our best interest to tighting sanctions against them and also stop importing goods from China.The United States always lends a hand to other countries  but is also the most hated when you ask any other country. Between Iran and North Korea we need to bolster our security and urge the UN to boycott all goods and services from these countries.

China is upset because this move would neutralize all the missiles they have pointing at the US as well. Shut the hell up!

We should have allowed Gen. McArthur carte blanche during the Korean war. We wouldn't be dealing with this B S now!!!

It makes no sense to complain about a country who takes a defensive posture.Its always good thing to be able to defend yourself.

Pugsly has threatened to bomb the US with nuclear missles.  Does China expect us to sit around and to nothing?

China should look at the Problems in North Korea, before the are Complaining about the USA MISSILE DEFENCE.CHINA HAS MORE CONTROL OVER NORTH KOREA THAN THE US

Of course China. We will just wait for N Korea to attack then if we can, we will try to do something about it. China only say this #$%$ because they are not being threaten. They probably got paid to say this stupidity. N Korea need to back the hell down and then we will take down our defense.

I can live with China's criticism. They rejected &amp; objected to every sanction we proposed to the U.N. Those were "diplomatic means". Now, it's time to take the matter into our own hands.

So..

China may have other reasons for being wary of our increasing missile defenses, especially those placed within our allies like Japan.  Over the last couple of years China has been contesting territorial claims with other nations to islands and waters within the South China Sea.  China may not want us to place increased missile protections within these countries simply so that they are able to throw their weight around a bit more freely in these disputes.As for N. Korea hitting us with a nuke (assuming they can actually pull it off), that would be the end of N. Korea.  We would crush N.K. military easily, depose the regime, and if we were smart let S.K. take over the territory, making Korea whole again, with us helping to rebuild of course.China may have other reasons for being wary of our increasing missile defenses, especially those placed within our allies like Japan.  Over the last couple of years China has been contesting territorial claims with other nations to islands and waters within the South China Sea.  China may not want us to place increased missile protections within these countries simply so that they are able to throw their weight around a bit more freely in these disputes.As for N. Korea hitting us with a nuke (assuming they can actually pull it off), that would be the end of N. Korea.  We would crush N.K. military easily, depose the regime, and if we were smart let S.K. take over the territory, making Korea whole again, with us helping to rebuild of course.

Hey China &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; why not grab your tiny balls and try to man up!!

Criticize from off shore Plants is secretly backed by Wall Street to twist the tails of Obama administration.

The very fact that China dosent like the idea of America protecting itself, From a proclaimed Nuke attack, Is A damn good reason to get busy doing just that... What would China say if America told them we are going to Nuke China??My Grand dad used to say, you can always trust a rattelsnake, but only to be a rattelsnake.China is a big snake............ I am sure it applies... R

Ma concern is that how many time has united nation give sanction 2 N.k and i still don see any change 2 N.k.So they need 2 be tought alession by Us

Seems like China needs to keep it's nose in it's own country. We as Americans have the right to defend ourselves from threats in and outside of our borders. If this includes a missile defense system to protect our citizens from a nuclear attack, and the system is built on our own soil then no other country has the right to stop us.

Big surprise here, Russia will be chiming in soon also. Time to put our  foot down on these countries. North Korea threatend us with nuclear war, there lucky there are not part of South Korea by now.

I know we strike 1st..we send a  diplomatic team in from Wal-mart...that will straighten there #$%$ out

#$%$ China!

I appreciate China's respectful wording on the matter, But, maybe a firmer role against this lunatic neighbor could helpWell China supported NK during the Korean War and helped kill a bunch of Americans and Canadians etc... They are NOT our friend.. if war breaks out, they will still back NK since they are both Asians anyways...smh!!

HEY CHINA SU K ON MY EGGROLL #$%$

All this is a typical CHINA drama. Is North Korea can do with out China being behind the operations? China is playing NK as front face to take the lead in International arena.They did the same to India in making Pakisthan a Nuclear bomb. They supplied all materials and assembly was done in Pakisthan by chinese. Yet US believes Pakisthan is a friend of US. It is too late to find out Pakisthan is not a friend of US.Now China??US wake up and try to see things straight.

China's playing dumb?Naturally stupid U.S. is going to doing everything it can to provoke.... the U.S. wants this.... they are begging for it.... that's why all the propaganda in the news lately about N. Korean threats andbullshit.. all lies from the U.S. to garner support for a military action.N. Korea HAS DONE NOTHING wrong. but the U.S. is doing a great job of convincing stupid americans otherwise

This is a dam joke, right?

LOL,  Former Soviet Union was against the US having and missle defense program too.  China can kiss the big one

China does everything, and criticises everything except call their little brothers to other. She develops and installs anti-missile but asks the USA not to do the same. Why is China so much afraid of North Korea?

China sucks

But you support UN sanctions on your only allies North Korea in  South East Asia, and US will never allow such thing to happen to her alliesno matter what,, You will be surounded by hostile Nations who are Allies to US...

China isn't the country with nuclear missiles being pointed at them or have no direct threat from nuclear weapons.  Who are they to criticize anything.  If they were in U.S. shoes, I guarantee they would do the same as U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel.why does china not want the usa to defend itself against a attack ?  can somebody ask them that

missile defense is just propaganda that tec is not very good

And someone tell Dennis Rodman to sit down and shut up.  I know he needed the money, but there is no way to defend a guy so evil.

"China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."---Has China proposed these wondeful ideas also to the North Korean dogs of war?

They want our land we are the bread basket of the world! They don't want it by nukeing it they want to storm and kill every man women and child! And make us there slave's! They are starve too death! H*O^R*N#E-Y B_A^S@T*E)R_E_D'S

tell them lying communist Chinese  to go stick a rocket in it and but out

99.9 per cent of the time, the one who throws the sucker punch, wins.Sometimes the best defense is a good offense. Yet here we sit led by fools who thinkrock heads think and act like civilized people. 1 year away from making a nuke!Sanctions never stopped a bully! But, a good whack with a 2X4 from behind never failed. Never! Something they failed to learn at Harvard, or Yale. Take a good look at ground zero fools!

Everybody should quit running off at the mouth. You want to increase missile defense? Just do it. Don't announce to the world you're going to do it to counter a specific country's actions.

Easy for China to say... N. Korea has not said anything about burning Bejing to the ground...

China wants us to send Dennis Rodman back?ST_U Comrades!Squidwart has more brains than the president of n korea !

50% accuracy and only a few interceptors at that.  We are concerned about being able to take down a few NK ICBMs.  We don't have a prayer against a full scale ICBM attack with MIRVs.  Why do they care?

They need to stop putting so much MSG in my orange beef! Sunz of beaches!

The terrorists #$%$ in tel aviv dictates and supervises our Foreign policy while we get more hatred against Americans. Just look at all our strategic important areas of Gov't especially those with a huge budget and see who controls them. ALWAYS JO-OSISH traitors who allegiance is to the terrorist place called is-real-hell rather than AMERICA!!!!!!U.S. Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David Cohen - a terrorist aipac member jo-oo.

Of course they don't like the idea! It affects their 'nuke' missiles to! As they say, "You don't need to be a Rocket Scientist to figure this one out"!

WE SHOULD WHAC CHINA WHILE WE CAN

The only time you need world peace is when you  start living in Usa then you wilk start keep others peace by protecting others peace.

QQ

CHICOMS don't want us to defend ourselves?? That is OUR decision! Shut up and stop killing your own people with forced abortions!

I'll sleep better knowing that a NUKE wont or has less than 20% chance of hitting us. And we can still wipe out them. What a great lesson for Iran, The NK's will not get more for having Nukes, in fact they get less. And so will Iran. I think we should blow up any rocket they launch while in their airspace. No matter what happens China will always do what is the best intrest for them. Hey fat boy it's not 1960 anymore. Eat thatChina: control your neighbour. You have not been able to provide evidence to the contrary. For years now and now they have nuclear devices and potential missiles to deliver them. Since your attempts, if any, to do so have failed and a country has actually threatened another one with nuclear devices you surely must be joking that the threatened country will stand idle. If for some little islands that evidence shows they do not belong to you you're rattling your numerous but inefficient navy, then you cannot expect to have a monopoly on reacting to threats. Is there anything missing?

Screw the Chinese. They are out there in the China Sea intimidating all there Neighbors, so The USA has every right to increase support militarily to our Allies in the region. China is definitely paranoid.

Oh we are just suppose to just let the bombs fall on our home land and wipe us out these people are not our friends cut off buying there goods and giving them our jobs our stupid lawmakers need to wake up and take care of our own people first instead of giving our money away and hoping to buy new friends WOW!!!!!!

hello china ! you are the last country on the planet carry the red flag watch your #$%$ , the  world coming for you

Once again, there's no N. Korea issue. There is only China issue, instead.

We have a right to defend ourselves and our allies from nuclear attack!

The northern midget is full of hot air but thats ok. We got to put our missles where we wanted .

I would say it is better than putting the platform above north Korea about 1,000 miles in space???  Maybe about 50 nukes and 50 anti modeled would send a clear message.  China should close off there borders with the Kim's...  Solve that problem then we may talk in a year or two...

This might just be the end for china , i think americans are going to start buying mexican again

North Korea is China's puppet state they like the saber rattling thats going on. China could stop it any time they wantwell if they quit enabling korea we would not have to stop them with a missile shield

Hungry dog barks, Big bear doesnt know what to do, Sam enjoys comedy of animals. The more bark of dog, the more joy of Sam!

china does not like  the good  old u.s.a and they know it,  the question is wy are we still buying their junk? we should buy AMERICAN ONLY AND f the chinese

They are using our technology that they have stolen form US.

can any one tell me y the u s a feels it has to have its say in every thing that goes on in this world  the u s a will take us in to the next world war it cant helpit self  it going to blow the world up it wants to hit at countrys that it doze not like but it weill get outhers to start it so it can justify it own war machine to get involved and the uk and outher countrys are so far up the usa #$%$ thay do just what thay are told by the u s a  watch this space

With all these nut jobs ,running these countries,we need to step up,on the missle defense programs,Star Wars expensive,but a must.Shoring up our border a must if a poor mexican can sneak over here a enemy another country with money sure can

another nerd remark heard from China presdiant !

I don't trust anyone who's eyes resemble the teeth of a zipper.

Diplomacy has failed for 50+ years. They directly threaten to nuke the U.S. Not bolstering our defense system would be reckless and irresponsible. If a threat like that was made during the Soviet/American cold war, Earth as we know it would not be recognizable today.

All these so called clever remarks from a bunch of monkies. You all deserve a banana and a round of applause. Its apmost time to pack the trains to fill the concentration camps with everyone of you.China, shut up...

"U.S. Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence". For?? They can't even pretend he is "against"?

I remember getting into a fight in high-school, because this guy had been running his mouth a bit too much, and because the same guy had jumped in to help his friend when he was fighting my friend. after the incident i went to the discipline office , only to get yelled at by the main security guard, and the whole time there i would just look at him. i couldn't help but think, hes on his side. this is exactly what i'm seeing here.

China better get it in their heads that it is not us threatening war. It is North Korea,. We are just putting up a protective barrier against North Koreas threat of hostilities. If they want to put an end to this, they should put their foot down on North Korea and tell them to end their bullish games or they will end their support and cut their supply of food and weapons. Otherwise they are just full of empty words and are cowards.

OK China. We will do away with our missile defense and just let the north koreans bomb us. How about that?

all north k has to do is park one of those mobile icbms on a boat float it as close to us as it can  and zap maybee it could hit any where in the country im getting concerned are you!!!!!

strong fences make good neighbors.. :)

does any of you morons really think that these countries and the boundries between different nations are right or in any way logical? is patriotism a real thing?if boundaries are made due to a groups own ideoligical point of the every group of people has the complete right to have a country of their own.  for example, if in india there is a community, take for example "sikh" or the "muslims" or the “Kashmiri" and they want freedom...then why are they suppressed by any means. why is that? these boundaries doesn't make any sense.  even in america the majority suppresses the minority.  that being said, every nation is only following its own interests whatever they are. its not about the people...its about the interests. china has its own interests thats why its so well developing....america has its own interests, whereever they come from .....and thats why its well developing....as are the many powerful nations. nations like the so-called muslim nations have lost their interests thats why they are going into the negative.....the common people are like lambs....they will follow anyone who strikes their interest.

Hello

China wants war with us thrue north korea...dont fool yourself"China has responded by developing an anti-missile system of its own, announcing the latest successful test in January."Which they will promptly export to Pakistan, Iran and Syria to bolster regional stability of course.

This article is nothing more than the media attempting to do what they do best... STIR THE POT !!!

Shut the (F)uck up china

Hey China, got two words for you, and they don't rhyme with Merry Christmas.

Everyone who buys products made in China is a traitor.

"Actions such as strengthening anti-missile (defenses) will intensify antagonism and will not be beneficial to finding a solution for the problem," Hong said.It will be beneficial to us, especially if it stops a missile from N.Korea. Who cares if Russia takes offense at the new installations? They would do the same if they were were repeatedly threatened.

And now it begins..........................the beginning of the end.

Well played Obama

The party is over; Stop all trade with china.For the US this would mean no more cheep toxic plastic junk.The greedy businesses in the US would have to start hiring Americans and manufacturing here or they take their happy #$%$ to china and sell locally.With the food we have been sending to china, we could end hunger in our country.No more exchange students taking their U.C. Berkeley educations back to china.Our money stops ending up in beijing banks.Let china chew on that for a while; What's more valuable; Getting rich off the US and food, or a stupid little yapping dog that cant be house broken.They would be calling the pound in a quick second.But we might get used to the jobs, food and money here in the US...Ah So sorry beijing...

To HELL with China an North Korea. Nuke them both. F'n savages. The world can do without their #$%$ junk too. It would definitley fix the US economy to nuke those piles of xxx low life 3rd world #$%$.From what I understand, other nations felt that the threats N Korea has made us were way out of line. It only makes logical sense to place interceptors where they need to be. China needs to understand that we have been threatened, that's all

Idiot Chinese comments again.China gets CRAZY about a Japanese island, BUT criticizes the US to worry about nuclear missiles! ??

Screw China! No MORE Chinese Products!

'N. Korea useful for US to increase Pacific region presence

They threaten to strike us.We bolster our DEFENSE and that is considered a provocation?Sounds like Confucius is a little bit CONFUSED!!!!!

how can a country be offended by another country preventing itself from missle attack? its like they are saying, "but this makes it harder for us to shoot a missle at you too." weird.

Beware China,the American people are a lot smarter than the politicians in D.C.

chinese are total idiots diplomatic means has not worked in 50 years,

Only evil gov to protect evil state, shame China!

Go to hell China.  The only reason you're upset is that the U.S. will be installing American anti-missles that work instead of your Chinese ones.its ok for obama to declair war which is a violation without congress approvel.here hes making it look as if congress dosent act then what ever happens will be the foufgt of congress.hes dictating everything else in america and the people are lettig him,why dont he say do it im obama and you wont refuse me.

Only a matter of time folks, Bend over and kiss your #$%$. If the commies dont nuke us the muslim in the white house will destroy us from within.

Why would we even tell China, or any country for that matter, what our plans are? Can't the United States do anything secretly? I say build the interceptors and then see what those little #$%$ ant countries are made of. Boosting security in Alaska is a great idea, but should have been done a long time ago since most of the threats seem to be closer to that side of our country

North Korea has threatened a preemptive nuclear strike against the United States. What does the Chinese government think that will do to "global and regional balance and stability?"

Good idea finally, NK wants to sabre rattle, why not use it as an excuse to bolster our anti-missile shield.

So the Chinx developed an anti-missile system of their own, but don't want us to do likewise!!!!!!!! Yeah okay, whatever you say.

let's just everybody calm down now, okay?

whoa wait china doesn't have a missile defense systems? until 1 single successful test back in January.

Just steal  the tech like you do everything else.

When the dog shi@@ on the carpet, you spank them with a newspaper. When a dog continues to bite people day after day after day, you put it down!Same ole story from China .They chastised NK Now they have to show they still like them better than us .Trying to put us on the defensive when all we are doing is protecting our mother land against terrorist people

Please.....tell China to go F itself. The United States is doing all that it can to protect itself.

If China manufactures there army machinery like the junk products they send to the USA.They will need over half there army to be mechanics

I have a feeling this is all going to get very ugly before it's over.

I have just three words for China in regards to their protest... #$%$ yourselves #$%$" Thats what I and the majority of Americans think about your interference in our National defense

Wait, let me get this straight, China has responded to NK by developing anti-missile defenses of their own and now criticise the US for trying to protect itself?  Am I the only one that smells a skunk?

Maybe China should tell North Korea that threatening to nuke everyone also raises tensions.  Yes and underground nuclear tests and intercontinental missile tests disguised as satellite launches don't help either.

China wants our defensess down? hmm thats strange

We chinese forbid USA to use this system.  We own your country economically and will not tolerate this behavior.

Missile defense is for protection of every US citizen, What do they expect, Do they think Americans will just wait to be nuked?USA has bombed 37 countries in the last 50 years, North Korea... 0. Gee I wonder why they want to nuke the US.

U.S of A, as a ring leader of Anglo Empire spend away nearly one trillion dollars yearly on (so-called) defense &amp; security related matters; spying &amp; surveillancing every square mile on earth, eavesdropping every radio transmission call 24/7. Native American people, the rightful owners of American Continent, where USA&amp;Canada alone is plundering more oil than SaudiArabia&amp;Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' to read at forum]

"China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."I think going ahead and finishing the war is a fairly prudent response following a direct threat of a nuclear attack.Oh wait! That's just too "old school" for our "civilized" selves. My bad...

Of course China is going to do this. It can easily be used against them as it can against North Korea.

Ban all imports from china see how they like the hit in the pocket book

You mean to say it is okay to provoke S Korea and United States and  expect for U.S.notto react how stupid.

its ok FOR CHINA TO BUILD , MR OBAMA or USA GOVERNMENT tell CHINA to STOP BUILDING THEIRS and we WILL STOP BUILDING OURS hahahahaha

Too bad 4 years were wasted by our former Secretary of State.  Instead of working with the major powers, too much time was put in to visiting third world including drinking and dancing around like a buffoon in a Columbian bar while Americans were pooly protected in Libya.

STOP BUILDING YOURS MR CHINA president moron BU. t . t HEAD

This is a very funny act of China to open up the talks of diplomacy regard to the US anti-missile program against Nokor wherein they are the one showing aggressive act to claim the own backyard of their neighboring countries.yea, well china ain't the ones being threaten now are they ???

see what china would do if south k said why will nuke china

End times, there here. Repent, and be baptized!!!!

I wounder who they stole that from? US???!!!TOO!!!! U.S. had better keep a close eye on China, weapons build up by they is not just for show.

How about we "bolster" our missile defense and just not tell anybody about it?

Hey China... The US will not just lie down and get kicked in the head!

U guys should not start the third world war pls.

"If someone says they plan to hit you, and you defend yourself, you're provoking them."- China

China is crying because the interceptors that the US will use againts North korea can also b used againts them. Thus, undermining their Nuclear Deterence. Cry babies, just because they dont have Anti missile technologies. That my fellow yahoo commenter separates US/NATO from Russia and China.

At what point in history has diplomacy ever worked? If we continue to sleep with communists, we better build our military instead of tear it apart.I can wait to we kick there Nk #$%$. I'm sick of all the chines #$%$, every thing they build is #$%$. All they do is lie, cheat, and steel. and if they try to stop us then we can fight china too and I know we will win. I am willing to die for my country and the good people of the earth

We shouldn't give 2 craps about what China thinks about us adding missiles on our land. If they don't like it Oh Well. What they should be doing is controlling NK and the fat boy in charge of it so we don't end up turning South Korea into the only Korea.

Let's nuke china so n.Korea shuts thu #$%$ puck #$%$ slant eyed #$%$

Usa please do not trust chinese, they are not our friend, they dont want us to defend our selfs from nk because they are the ones who will shoot us.

China get lost from nepal don't  make a plan to took nepal. U allready taking lotsa country pleases we don't need lie Help u  just leave &amp; pls removed your character map of nepal from google EarthThank you

Basicly if something happens with North Korea China is going to step in to defend them and start a war with America.

it is time for obama to do what is best for the long term america and that is get rid of the two threats that are out there both iran and nk should be leveled before they get the chance to level us. now all you people whom say that innocent lives will be lost should start thinking first of the innocent lives of your children and grand children and other innocent faimly members and also of the other countries that will be in danger of being attacked like australia-england-france-germany-sweeden and all the other peace loving countries.!!

china oh boy not a freind to usa  at all.they own us already..god be with us please

what we should do is nuke CHINA NORTH KOREA  HIT BEJING WITH10 WAR HEADS PUT THEM OUT OF COMMISION FIRST THEN ONE IN N. KOREA and thank GEN. Mc Arthur 4 giving that idea back in korea 1953 anyway all of china are a bunch of #$%$ roaches and magets ...if only RONALD REGAN  was still president i would feel more safe and secure living here in this country ....lets all pray 4 war aganst CHINA  LETS WIPE THEM OUT FIRST THEN KOREA AND THEN IRAN

China can kiss my #$%$ and same with North Korea. Its about time we wake up and tell the rest of the world your with us or your not. And if your not than shut your trap or your next. China has been at war with us through un fair trading and as for our debt to china well sorry we dont pay terroristsChina, is waiting , bombs in his territory ? , his neighbors are crazy, They must stop right now..

Remember - China is not an enemy of the US. In fact, they're quite fond of us...

china doesn't want any defences around it.. coz any defences in the region is not only a counter measure against north korea but also against china.. and this is exactly what the beijing loonies don't like.. to neutralize their aggression.. he he he chinese way of reasoning is pathetic

Efforts  were best achieved through diplomatic means???Neville Chamberlain had similar thoughts when he signed  the Munich Agreement in 1938, conceding the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia to Germany. Adolf Hitler continued his aggression and invaded Poland and the second WW started.North Korea and Iran perceive negotiations as weakness.

Remember nanking China and ww2 ! I got alot of beef with you and want to take over you.You have our jobs you kill and eat dogs and cats. I really dont care about starting ww3 and owning your country !

For now China should shut its mouth, until it takes over the earth.

We are being had. China and North Korea are playing the good guy, bad guy routine. China is fully supportive of N. Korea's actions. If they weren't, China could shut them down in a heart beat.

Why are these Chinese F$%^ers worrying about what we put on our own soil,its obvious there plans are to conquer us in the near future.

If China is so concerned about North Korea why don't they handle this issue themselves ? Surely North Korea won't bite the hand that feeds them !!!

If talking to them works then China needs to start talking to them because it appears we are finished talking. Btw..what makes China think they can tell us what to do ? Why doesn't China step in and stop supplying and trading with them if they are so concerned ?Pyongyang should realise there would be nothing left of it but radioactive glass slag within 10 minutes of launching a missile against the United States. You would think that would make all the Kim Jongs ill.

Hi China...don't feel insecure if USA will bolster its anti-missile defenses, they just don't want another Pearl Harbor when they were caught with pants down, remember? If North Korea threatened USA with missile threat, what would you expect the USA would do? Who knows China might be arming the North Korea with nuclear missile and fire it on the USA? Come on China, the USA was not born yesterday, so do you, right? The irony here the communist regime doesn't mind the welfare of their people, they are the ones to suffer.  I wish the US can invent a bomb that select a target. Target those communist troops and especially KIM JONG UN and his family and friend. Annihilate them all !!

China Hong Lei suggested diplomatic talk even on the lead-end of a barrel of a gun. We don't and can't chew lead, and the U.S. won't.. Chinese trickery for the naive..

China needs to get their little coocoo #$%$ back in the clock asap!

In a private conversation about the planned U.S.-led NATO missile defense system in Europe, President Barack Obama asked outgoing Russian President Dmitry Medvedev for space on the issue."This is my last election," Obama told Medvedev. "After my election I have more flexibility."""Barack Obama: ‘The only people that don’t want to disclose the truth, are people with something to hide.” "Aug 21, 2010 "

Dear People's Republic of...???...ChinaAh, how about no?....how about....you mind your coast line...we'll mind ours. So no, the answer is hell nah, hell no...hella no.From Concerned Person in California.And no, you can't have my guns either...those stay with me.

News flash Slopes you better put a leash on little kim or we will do it for you !

China can suk eggs.

In my opinio, North Korea is just blowing off some steam, and I believe there will never be a missile fired at the U.S.

Only diplomacy can contribute to peace and stability within the region,,,RIGHT. like diplomacy has helped even a little while the crazy freaks have steadily led a course of agression, even thru the great "basketball" diplomacy. Yall Chineese governments make me puke.Peon887.The world expects from USA not to be selfish &amp; should give every country, specially the asian &amp; Muslim countries the freedom to live &amp; stop spreading enmity. USA should let every budy live in the world &amp; then see how things change, but unfortunately, no budy cares, so does america.

The world, in my opinion, expects from USA to unarm it'self &amp; set an example for the rest of the world becuase the first inventor of the atomic bomb was an american citizan.

China is more weary about the USA defaulting on their loan payments to them than were the interceptors are located. Its all political posturing to make Pres. Kim happy. This also shows that they are concerned about what this mad man can do.

if everyones of Americans felt love America, will you are now considering buy made in China any mores..?. So Mr Mitt Rumny, do you hear us now.. " Ron Paul america needed you BUT YOU WERE A QUITTERS..

I think CHINA should SANCTION the USA and pull the over 7-TRILLION DOLLARS per year it floats to the USA as loans.  The USA has ZERO money to pay off CHINA's loans.

Im quiet offended by such stupidity from China and USA Teatards.Maby we should just give them what they want.Its the only way that kind of stupidity will ever end is to allow self destruction.Their not going to heaven bank on that.Gods people love others the same as loving themself.Teatards could care less about anyone but the rich.

well, as people write comments like "China is not our friend", and "if China stepped up and told NK to knock it off that would put an end to all this BS! Until they do that, they need to keep their mouths shut on this matter!!!" I hope many people realize that the situation at hand is a lot more complicated then people make it out to be. If any one cares, I would be happy to explain it to them, but it would take too long to time out.

Dear Folks, Don't worry about things in your life you have no control over, instead be happy ! Let the Fed's worry about, China, North Korea, Iran and the Muslims taking over the USA. You see, I know that none of this stuff is going to happen in my life time. So that's good for at least another 30 years. Instead of wasting your energy worrying about the what if's in life, use this time instead to do some good in your life for yourself and those around you or reach out to help those in need. Don't worry, be happy ! This is the motto to follow. But, if you don't want to put your trust in the Lord above and you want to give credence to Satan, then knock yourself out worrying about everything. You see when Satan has got you in this mode, there is no joy in your life. You are constantly upset and one negative leads to another negative and soon it starts to take it's toll on your health. Your life goes in a different direction which eventually leads to death. The news media in reporting the stories always goes to the worst case scenario, and this can get up upset because you feel so helpless to do anything about it. So, all you can do is worry and worry starts to consume your time and your thinking and is so unproductive that it ends up being time wasted unless you are on guard to keep this from happening in your life. Instead turn these matters over to Him and go on about your life. Life is a gift, so use the time wisely and when you look back you will be happy from where you came and forward to where you are going. Don't worry, be happy ...

What do china think of themselves GREAT COUNTRY nw? And they can just demand something that can affect great numbers of people. I had experience living in that country, that country sucks!!!!! Promise myself not to come back there?

I dont think N Korea is a serious threat-warmongering Americans are though!Bomb both North Korea and China before any of the two countries can do anything.

Im quiet offended by such stupidity from China and USA Teatards.Maby we should just give them what they want.Its the only way that kind of stupidity will ever end is to allow self destruction.Their not going to heaven bank on that.Gods people love others the same as loving themself.Teatards could care less about anyone but the rich.

Hmm, let's get this straight China.  If another country says that they plan on a pre-emptive nuclear strike, the other country can't use what they have to defend themselves?And China is concerned about " direct bearing on global and regional balance and stability"?If the tables were turned, what would you do China?  #$%$!

you think to come in every country and rule how we will live and work? Only you can have nuclear missiles? No way. Iran and all others can have it. Not only you. Bloody bustards. the only real Americans is Indians. All others a bustards come to live there.

Korrea is no threat and we need to get off our BS only our general public is this stupid and our tax dalliers are paying for this.We are hyping this up playing dangerous game. we have the largest most threatening military missal build up around the globe and are a threat to all.what we run the risk of is going broke (oh correction we already are)) loosing what little status we have left. cause world powers die when people no longer believe in them.Not through war !The rest of the world sees what we don't. travel the globe notice the news outside of BBC &amp; CNN. They get real news we get filters propaganda BS

To Hell with China, since when did we become their puppet? China would love to see us fall down on knees and beg for mercy.

China can go f themselves. Who can understand what any of them are saying anyway. Bunch of little turds walking around acting like they know what's best. They need to mind their own business and start at home. Hey china why don't you start by cleaning up your country and the air ?

China doesn't need to tell us anything. It's their brothers ( North Korea )causing all the trouble.

China knows we have very weak leadership and are taking advantage of it everyday.

And...its not 45 minutes anymore...thanks to ballistic missile subs, once the nukes are launched, whether east or west coast, we now have less than 15 minutes until we are incinerated and become a part of the upper atmosphere. Thanks to our leaders fiscal and financial irresponsibility, which has severely weakened our defenses and military, we will be attacked much much sooner rather than later.Our security interests come first.  If China thinks we have an ulterior motive put down Kim and we will not proceed with the additional 14.

Pressure from other countries to keep our security low is a strategy for attack.  We should set these defenses up and not tell them how many we have.  This way they will not know how many more nuclear warheads they need to beat our systems.  Media!  You are a bunch of treasonous liberal commies!  We need to wage a boycott on the media!

Maybe it's time our pres sent a strongly worded letter of apology.

it just anti-missile system why china so scared what thay planing on atking soon and the anti-missile might stop them....

There s allways going to be arms race, wars same as illegal drugs trade. It s all about bussines and profit.

Hate to say it they are right. It will only increase tensions. The military could defend against anything coming out of that way already. North Korea isn't our only enemy in that area, been missle defense on the west coast for 50 years. If a missle made it to the coast it would already be to late. It takes a long distance to destroy a incoming missle with a another missle coming at it.

Stop all trade with China now!

Yea, someone increasing their defenses would make me want to attack more too..  I like a challenge

F Chinaas a matter a fact NU*** China

Too bad North Korea doesn't have oil, or we would've destroyed it already.  Look what we did to Iraq.Get ready for war!!!!

china always want their voice to be heared why can't china tell northkorea to stop that nonesense behavior i think china want to know if U.S. is afraide of them i know it, U.S. don't mind china if it take you to defend yourself from the whole world do it.

Well, well China is starting to squirm a little...it's abot time...They have the power to shut down North Koria threats and actions but have made no moves for us because they could care less about the USA's problms with NK. Now they can rattle their saber for us a little or get a taste of the medicene as well.

"China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."Really China...like I mean c'mon. Open them eyes...prop em open with some toothpicks and get your little ankle biter under control.If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck... U know the rest....

China needs to take care of their spoiled brat country (nK) and there would be no need for a U.S. response.

Crank up the tarriffs that bill clinton messed up so we can start buying made in usa products again "if you can find em" . But i bet chinas would act real dast then since us buying thier products fuels a great deal of thier manufacturing

Nice going  Chuck Hagel. Why didn't you keep you big mouth shut on  this one and  just do it. Then tell the media,,,,,tell the world DUMB!!

I love the united states with all my heart but the  truth is that the united states can not police the whole world. The united states has many nuclear weapons its own so we can not tell other countries they can not have them. Everyone is just trying to defend them selves. We just got out of a war we need to recover economically. Before we go stick our nose in other countries businesses. We are the most powerful country in the world let's be humble about it.

I think US need not to interfere in the domestic problem of others other wise they will face such threats I think US government it self is responsible for putting its people in danger.

The US government appears to be using North Korea for political cover to position some of its defenses against China, reminiscent of its containment strategy against the former Soviet Union. The administration could also potentially use such moves as a way to nudge China with respect to North Korea and US interests in the region.  There seem to be few if any levers the US can realistically pull to motivate China to cooperate with American interests but this kind of action is something the Chinese government notices enough to complain about it.Whether this helps the US negotiate, now or in the future, remains to be seen.F_ _ _ China and North Korea!

Corporate America is the reason U.S will not put Nuclear Weapons back in South Korea or Station SSBN in Guam or Singapore. With 95% of U.S produces made in China the U.S owning China 1.2 trillion dollars. North Korea do not have to worry about the U.S.

Tell you what... this is a lame excuse to place missiles defences around China as part of US's ill conceived busy body (self appointed policeman of the world) trying to take on the world ... Haahahah .. Cannot even contain Talibans of rag tags and want to take on Russia and China plus Iran??? Dream on .. This is a new century where you fight against real fighters with real weapons ..not arabs ..with bows and arrows.China for the past centuries before even the Western countries came out of their caves have been not interference and prefers trade that war. Chinese have a say .. "good sons do not become soldiers"  and if China had been like Western kind of mentalily in earlier centuries where Admiral Cheng HO reached America even before Columbus was born... did not settle to take any country unlike greedy Europeans. USA would have been Greater China.China loves trade not war... but looks like the declining Power called US is trying to take on her.Good luck.

Oh' Barking dog nip owner in hiney! News at 11

us leaders should tell china to mind its own business,let us handle ours

Can we just send michelle obama over with her stylish bangs to fix this problem?

ha ha ha..you guys fat lazy americans are funny,what kind of mentality you have?? A Warmonger People. you really want to support the trends of mass destruction instead of peaceful means which. you heard what china say by punishing North Korea of economic sanctions and embargo you only "intensify antagonism" more to the destructions of this beautiful country ( USA ) and the world itself.. a person who are in dire situation can do anything to survive even the cost of their Life..  nobody win with Nuclear war whenearth atmosphere polluted with Nuclear radiation..

"China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently." CHINA IS A COUNTRY RUN BY SATAN ALONGSIDE MILLIONS OF DEVIL FOLLOWERS

The sad part is that our government is so PC correct , that they will probably listen to China, as not to upset them.

Stupid hungry Pig thinks about...!!!!Japan should not arm herself ,so hungry Pig will send armed donkeys to invade her Senkaku islands .Is that ...inside your mind too,hungry Pig ?????If things go bad here, it could lead to an all out war with China &amp; Russia backing North Korea. And if that happens, because the U.S. Military is so tapped from the war in Afghanistan and with China alone making up nearly 20%, of the world population while the US is just under 5%, a restitution of the draft will unavoidable.

What would China do if the US threatened to nuke them? Hope for the best? They need to step back and let the US take North Korea out.

I think that we should get rid of China, North Korea and Iran in order for the world to be a better place to dwell.

China doesn't realize that if N Korea nukes S Korea, the US will retalliate against N Korea and China.

China the USA can do whatever she want, you must always remember that, thats World Policy 101...

wait, wait, wait. A nuke is going to detonate on top of your head, and you don't want me to diffuse it?

Geeze, I wonder who is more smart, the one spending 0 or the one spending a lot? Wake up sheep!

This is what happens when China can't control the U.S.

after reading alot of these comments, I now realize why America is in all these #$%$ wars. I see so much blame on others but no questions as to why these other sovereign nations are #$%$ at us in the first place. Something our govt did maybe? we sure do know how to escalate  tensions and ignorant as to how to actually ease them

what are you going too do with a nuclear weapon?you cant blow it up.if you did then you would be commiting suicide.if a country has the bomb and the button to launch it what are you gonna do anyway.So somebody threatens to hurt you and you shouldn't protect yourself. Plus china needs to actually enforce the sanctions before we give a #$%$ what they say about North Korea.

This is not black people's problem.You #$%$ holes are on your own.Fry up some chicken and turn the music up! It's party time !

This is Serious Folks !!!! We all better wake up !! Do you know what nuclear fallout can do ? This just might be the begining of the end.... : (

guys i got a bad feeling about all of this lol

Ok, so someone tells me that they are going to try to kick my ask. I begin working out at the gym to be prepared for the ask-kicking. Then that someone's big brother comes by and tells me to quit working out or I will just provoke the little brother even more. Riiiggghhhhttt...The world really needs more parking lots... hint, hint

Why do my posts always get deleted?  What happened to freedom of speech?  It's not like my posts aren't true.  Saddam didn't have any weapons, BUT he did have oil

Declare war on China.

2 words.... f china

North Korea ain't #$%$. Let em threaten the USA. Truth be told we can shoot down any missile anywhere in the world. We would blow that #$%$ up sooo quick the pieces would land right back on their soil. China digs the fact that their Chihuaua yappps it's #$%$ off at p#$%$ing strangers. China better wise us cuz that nuclear fallout is gonna fall on their #$%$es after they launch and we shoot that firecracker down. Let em launch. Iran too. Just give us any excuse.

North korea, cuba and iran greatest enemy of the israel/jews,blame the jew-lobbyist and aipac, threatening and insulting north korea in our name [USA],USA-taxpayers are broke for fighting and dying for israel/jew's interest.The King is dead...long live the King!!!!....good bye North-Americans you are not more the leaders neither in economics nor in diplomacy......bye..bye!!!...

The North does not need a missle to hit the US. Develope a satellite for pecaceful purposes. Load n atom bomb on it and drop it on the states/

russia is #1 communist beside china, north korea, vietname, combodian, burma and laos.if u fight them one u fight them all

China should be questioning Americans choice in underwear.  I mean, have you seen what these people wear underneath their clothes?  Look, I'm from Australia, we have our own ways of doing things too, but Americans by far wear those worst underwear on the planet.  It's gotten to the point that I think it's pervaded other country's abilities to take America seriously.  Listen up Americans, you have weird underwear, no matter what you think.  But I'd like to keep encouraging you to kill each other with all the gun violence.  The rest of us know how to handle guns without going on mass shooting sprees.  But it's fun watching you guys slaughter each other on a daily basis.  And then argue about it the whole day afterward.America = the best reality TV ever!  It's like the Kardashian's but worse.  It's funny how many Americans aren't aware of the jokes going on around about them. We like to joke about how many Americans it takes to get something done: none of them.  How many Americans does it take to get nothing done: all of them.  And your science class textbook is the Bible.  Lol.  I love America, never an end to the entertainment value of your culture.

I can understand China's position here but when some goofball is testing nukes and missiles and threatening to use them there is no alternative. Perhaps China should heel its yapping mutt.

#$%$ CHINA !

"Hong said China believed efforts to increase security and resolve the problem of nuclear proliferation were best achieved through diplomatic means."  OK, don't know if this guy has been paying attention so far, but North Korea doesn't give a hoot about diplomatic means.

China's three year old is now running around with a loaded shotgun. You really think you can threaten a kid with a shotgun by saying 'put away the shotgun or you'll get no pudding'? He thinks he's all powerful right now. And he aims to show you that he's in control of this adult world.

North Korea just needs a good douche of CocaCola &amp; finished off with a trip to Disney World.

Sounds more like a game of Texas Holdem. I double up the bid to scare you off with 7 deuce offsuit, maybe, but you don't know for sure. You pause awhile then double up my bid with queen jack offsuit hoping I back down and fold. Meanwhile China patiently watches with bullets.. "suited even"! and sits quietly.Strange game.  China is the one that didn't want the two Korea's to be joined because they wanted a buffer between them and the American troops in the South.  The Americans were supposed to pull those troops out at the end of the Korean war, but they didn't and that made the Chinese nervous and resulted in the above.  It's like a dog chasing it's tail and the only people who gain are those who make arms or get a pay cheque from the military.

why does China care if USA is bolstering defense on west coast? Only one reason because they have plans to attack one day.

So they can't nuke the US as easily now.  Boo hoo.

china has one,  used aircraft carrier, bought from another country,,,,,forget about china.

Ah you can thank WESTERN Globalists and their corrupt Socialist Stooge politicians for this nightmare as they are the ones that intentionally built up all our enemies that would today still be backwater malarial infested turd world toilets all the while destroying our and impoverishing our own, once productive and vibrant, nations.....Too bad there is not one shred of decency within the vast majority of today's Western politicians, especially its leaders...

It's easy for China to make these type of statements. After all it isn't China that this lunatic is threatening with nuclear weapons. If some country threatened China with nuclear weapons, they would be singing a different tune

The US missile defense system is not to protect Americans but is actually to further fuel the fire. Anyone who is at all familiar with the missile defense system knows that it's pretty much useless. They've only effect against one missile occasionally but wouldn't be of much use if multiple missiles were launched. I'm pretty sure if someone was launching a nuke then it's going to be an all out war to the end.

You see, who said China run away from ruthless NK? China let NK to fool NA and now in a respond US plan to have a defend system install which will also make China lost control a bit over Asian, Test your own medicine, China! 1 more move they will put a war ship next to NK, cool down get some food and wait for next strike, Nk, lol

The USA is in absolutely no danger from North Korea. They are acting to bolster defense weaponry in support of their allies in the region.The Chinese are an unstoppable force right now. I am 52 years old but the people who are in their teens now will see their middle years with one world power, and it will be China. Have no doubts about this!Those of you who complain about the negative stuff the US does around this planet - and there is a lot of it - will remember these days very fondly when the Chinese umbrella covers the globe!

They say it intensifies antagonism - we say it's protection from a powertripping psychopath.look at their history with rockets , almost laughable - however when they come right out and say theirs will target the U.S. one would be a fool not to prepare.......in any way .......'eh

China hopes "the relevant" country.. ?

What would be nice to see is North Korea fire off a nuclear missile, if goes way off course and lands smack dab in the middle of Beijing.

Blah blah blah blah

The problem on our planet is hunger and injustice. People need food no arrogance and weapons...  Weapons kill  mothers and their kids while we "enjoy life" and the bankers get filthily richer. Why to continue making enemies to defend something that has proven useless? Stop creating ghosts before it´s too late. We're gonna burn in our own ignorance. That´s how intelligent we are.  Our real enemies are within us.

I think China and Russia should build and have in place defense system in Cuba and Venezuela and maybe in central America and maybe in Canada? What would be US response would be to that I wonder? Or should jut sit tight while US is closing ring around them?

USA wants to keep the Korean war Going, there never was a peace treaty, Now let's spend the TAX money on new Interceptor and put them around!!

"China hopes the relevant country will proceed on the basis of peace and stability, adopt a responsible attitude and act prudently."  I hope China was addressing the DPRK in this statement...

How is shielding or blocking oneself a provacative act?  It is a natural act of self preservation.  China just wants us to keep our gaurd down since it would be better for them.