We must cut the education we promised our veterans, yet make a job for this woman? Strange how these cuts seem to work.

"Russell is married to Obama's national security adviser, Tom Donilon" Always keeping it in the family.

With salary and benefits the Biden's should be making somewhere around 700g's a year. That makes me feel good April 15th when I send my check to the IRS.

We shut down the White House tours and are canceling the Easter egg hunt but the president needs to create and hire this position at the same time! What a dispicable president. Wonder if he is planning his next million dollar tax paid golf outing?

Seriously..can BO quit creating expensive government positions as payback to his campaign.  What do you think that Salary and expenses are worth?

How much are they going to pay her?

You have to keep all these families close-knit and happy if you need people to cover your #$%$ at some time.

Well, isn't that nice and cozy...

Why does Jill Biden need a Chief of Staff?

Obama nails Jill Biden in exchange for women's envoy postProbably more on the ball than  her husband, Plugs.

I am just happy to see Obama finally created a job! It starts with one!

D*mn, I guess my resume was ONCE AGAIN passed over...

is that something like the bill clinton "here hillary you take over cuz i screwed up" thing?

I wonder what qualifies her, as in the Owe-bama administration, you have to be a tax cheat to become Secretary of treasury, a criminal to be attorney general and a traitor to be secretary of State. What has this one done wrong for owe-bama to nominate her?

You are going to deal with global  women'sl issues?What about taking care of the problems here first.I am an American citizen and not only has the government not upheld the laws to protect women here but it is actually government officials criminally involved in my case,All you have done is try to cover it up. No one has helped me.The U.S. government  put me through the uninmaginable to try to get me to back down from pressing chargesand stripped me of all my rights!Google "Gingers strength rob mckenna " and :Gingers strength christine gregoire"to see how the American government treats American women who report government officials who commit crimes against woman.

Wow, it's getting to be one big incestuous family. Thanks, King Barrack!