We got tired of replacing the roof every 10 years or so because of hail. Now we have a metal roof that has a lifetime guarantee!

Those poor people. Soft-ball sized hail is something I only want to read about and never experience.

What the hail happened?

Lived in Mississippi in the 50's and 60's and I remember this happening.  My dad went out after the storm passed and picked up the large hail stones and put them in the freezer because he knew people would not believe him.  It almost demolished our car and ripped holes in the roof.  It destroyed trees knocking off limbs from them.  It was a frightful experience.  Praise the Lord it passed quickly.

I've experienced golf ball sized hail in Texas, I can't imagine how bad softball size would be. Our car had hundreds of small dents in it from the hail. By the way, for those that haven't seen or experienced it, the hail doesn't come down in nice round balls like small hail does, it comes down as jagged pieces of hard ice, very dangerous.

sounds like 1 hail of a story...

A friend of mine just took off for Georgia to be with a family member in crisis. He drove all that way from North Texas. I cannot get thru to him by phone. I sure hope he and his family are ok.

baseball sized Hail ? That could kill you or at least leave you with a severe head trama.

SkySpark also if possible who do you work for as a meteorologist ? NOAA by any chance ? other ?

SkySpark please explain how long weather modification has been going on for, and in what countries and why its done, also do you believe in weather modification?, please let us know with all due respect, so you can clear away any questions we may have, im sure with your qualifications we can put our questions about HARRP and chemtarils to rest.Look up : Aerospace engineers verify global geoengineering  operation with chemtrailsSo with all due respect Sky Spark would you care to elaborate on what HARRP does, and what we see when airplanes leave trails from horizon to horizon, which then spread out to cover entire areas, please let me know, you sound like a pretty intelligent guy, explain to me why i see chemtrail planes spray like crazy right before storm fronts come in, They have been spraying like crazy here for last 2 weeks, im sure you see these in your area as well what are they ?

hail this size is rare.  so rare it happens every year somewhere where they have cold and warm fronts that collide, making tornados, winds, storms, rain, hail, snow, sleet, duh.

Now their cars look like golfballs with all of the dimple dents. And lucky for them, the coefficient of friction will go down. That is the reason for the golf ball dimples. Now they will get better mileage.

Is it just me? When did every ordinary weather event become news? Every time it snows now, the weather idiots act like it's a big deal. If a storm does some damage that's one thing, but we don't need to know about every single thunderstorm do we?

Check this out online, all about weather modificationDutchsince = SincedutchBecause every cloud has a silver iodide lining...

From what I recall, it rains in the south and snows in the north in winter.  In the spring, summer and fall, it rains in the south and rains in the north.  I know you are all totally shocked.

It woke me up at 12:00 am.  It was bad here in Atmore Alabama.  Scary!

May be hard rains but there are other states wishing they had it. Actually here in N. CA we have hardly had rain all winter. just lots of FREEZING.

I don't know why people are shocked....It's a normal MS spring storm with normal hail storms. I've lived in MS my entire life and I have seen hail bigger than softballs many times. This is a normal thing. We just duck &amp; cover, access the damage, &amp; then go back to what we were doing.

More ameicans are turning their back on God.Has Obama helped the storm victims in New York and New Jersey yet?  Has he helped anybody?

The sky is falling!!!!

fema and nws say this is rare?  no, it isn't, and it is becoming less rare.

I heard that yesterday! Baseball -sized -hailstones !.Like a purple cow ,I have never seen one and never hope to be under a sky from which they are falling ...Yikes!!!!

The worst hail storm happened in 2012 at China. giant chunks of ice were traveling at 70+ mph, and smash right though houses, cars, livestock, pets, and even people. The village that was hit looked like it got flattened by artillery. 80+ of 100 something people in that village were maimed or killed.

Two people hit in the head in Mississippi. Did it knock any sense into them?

Oh, a spring storm in the south. This has never happened ever. Oh no.

The picture is proof that Obama voters are too stupid to get out of the rain even when there is baseball sized hail involved

Global warming causes:  hurricanes, droughts, flooding, cold snaps, hot spells, extreme weather, predictable unpredictable weather, more land, less land... and now hail.

a talant from above.'"This is the time of year that we get hail storms, but hail this size is pretty rare," Weber said.'  So not a big deal.

These hailstones are obviously the result of the Global Warming of the planet that freezes these large hailstones. Someone hit Al Gore with one of these baseball sized hail stones.

I am a truck driver and I have seen all of the possible weather on  this planet. Do not be afraid. That is what THEY fear most of all.

Gee, do you think if there is (God forbid), massive destruction, these states can wait 4 months like we had to after Nemo?  Let's see how these sayers of NO feel when the shoe's on the other foot!!!!

I am waiting for the Weather Channel to named this hailstorm.  Hailstorm Jupiter!

god is punishing them for being republicans.

I blame Obama for HIS wicked ways.

Nice try Associated Press, but we can see through this story to your real agenda. Promoting the biggest scam ever perpetrated in the history of modern civilization, "global scorching". We dont buy it.

If people knew about HAARP and those who abuse its power, I think there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.

Obama hates the SEC and influenced the selection committee.All this that is happening is not to help with any drought..!! You think this is something..!! Just wait..!! You have seen nothing yet..!! Ha ha ha ha..!! Hs

some thighs on the women in the picture....LOL

I certainly wouldnt want to be be out in that storm wearing what that woman is wearing

I hope and wish to have a less stormy spring this year! Hope we don't see all the alphabets used up for naming the hurricanes and storms this year.

Wonder if I should rent 'The Day after Tomorrow'?

i figured all them 70 degree days would come at a price

Don't go asking for federal money...we need to cut federal spending!

Gods punishing these idiots for making New Jersey wait for relief money.

This is sensationalism and meant to show support for the warped global heating scammers.

Its hard to believe a formerly respected world wide news agency, Associated Press, would report on a everyday occurence such as a spring storm in the South. It is borderline journalistic malpractice.Cant' wait for Obama to tell us 'Global Warming ' is at it again...

Hail Yea!

The Yellow Kid.

Global warming showing its ugly face again.

Just another punishment from God for their evil, bigoted ways...

What's with this sh!11y weather everyone's been having this year. It sucks.

The South is being punished by God (who is not Mormon) for voting for Romney.

You know that woman is soooo #$%$

I have a HAARP array in my backyard. Five old microwave ovens powered by a raccoon on a treadmill turning a generator. It does just as much effect on the weather as the real one does. :DActually, I'll agree with some of the posts regarding this as being "news". I'm a meteorologist by trade, and if this is worth reporting, I can't wait to see everyone panic when April hits and Tornado Alley heats up. Of course, we are ENSO neutral (no El Nino or La Nina) so we shouldn't have too much excitement. In fact, I think we will have less severe thunderstorm activity, reducing the number of tornadoes. Why? Jet stream is too zonal (west-east) and it's keeping air from mixing too far in one direction. Means less strong fronts and storm systems, essentially. So, it will be cooler and perhaps a bit rainier in the East and drier in the West this year. In my opinion, of course.

our lord is coming.........OMG! It's Global Warming.....we have to ban something to stop it!!!!....let's ban cars...and oil....and people.....let's us more corn!!

obumer did it

Grew up there and will always remember the hail and ice storms but never hail as described here. Bless all of you who were injured and sustained damage, it seems as if one disaster just leads to another.

We didnt get softball size hail here. We did get some that were at least golfball size. We are 30 min SW of Atlanta. I havent seen a hail storm in years. Just sitting inside &amp; hearing it hit all of a sudden was wild! The rain was hard enough to make you worry.

I was lucky enough to be home yesterday. We only got golf ball size hail. Let me tell you those small hail balls were enough to scare the #$%$ out of me. So glad I wasn't at work where they got the baseball size hail :)

Every time the south is mentioned in these articles, especially with storms, these writers always seem to have to put in atleast one person that lives in a trailer.

obama the anti christ is the cause of this weather is it snowing inhell

One day people will quit calling me crazy when they realize the group of Americans are right about the Govt's weather manipulation program and chemtrails causing havoc and causing drought to areas they want dry. Many scientists have already weighed in about it and have proven the Barium and Aluminum heavy metals being sprayed into the sky daily.

Looks like the woman in that photo needs to be stopped by loss prevention, she is obviously smuggling several loaves of bread out of that store!

Also in Mississippi, several basketball courts were damaged due to black guys trying to dribble basketball sized hail which was noted.Yeah, everything made and built in that contemptible country is very poor and shoddy.

Gonna be alot of damaged double wides.

I was at the Colonnades (Hospital) in Jackson MS for a eye exam, yesterday. This storm hit with hail that took out my back window and pretty much put a crevice on every square inch of my car. Bet it is totaled. However, it is only a material thing!

I live in Alabama, and Alabama Power keeps lieing when my power will come back on. Right now, I'm in a hotel room. Better than our local power company lieing to us.

How many times does a 'liberal' with Obama stickers plastered all over their bumper have to scream at you that global warming means that there will be blizzards in Georgia?

The Bible predicts 100 lb. or 1 talent I believe. Won't be safe in the basement without GOD. It has been said it would go from the top floor of The Empire State Bldg. to the basement.Look up and look out for Jesus is a come'n.

Junior Gore caused it!

whos the 'hippy' chick in tha pic?...nice

nice

I say it obama fault he was on tv as the devil the other nightWhy would God let this happen? Hmmm? Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm?

Sexy legs, not sure if I want to see the face, the entire experience may be ruined!!

Sad how some people believe in a hateful GOD. Is there any hope?

Do a search on geo engineering.

How can this be connected to Global Warming?  Dont' worry, the alarmists will find a way.

like in the movie Day After Tomorrow.

I Agree, God Is #$%$ And It Clearly Appears He's Much More #$%$ At Repukes That Progressives...

The god of the bible was busy smiting wicked sinners during this storm. Mississippi is the most religious State in the country.. What does this tell us ?Jeremiah 23:19King James Version (KJV)19 Behold, a whirlwind of the Lord is gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind: it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked.

Hillbillies do they know what hail is?

nice legswho is this lady she has nice legs

God is sending a message: "Park your car in the garage".

well she sure wasn't dressed for the occasion

The woman in the picture looks like she needs to join a gym.  She has what men call ...fat thighs and a "gunt".... Get to working hunny, before you slide downhill any more.

Once again, GOD is punishing more Red States for their hateful, evil ways.