If Obama doesn't expect to accomplish anything, why go? Why not WORK ON A BUDGET?

HE is pandering for the Jewish Vote !!!

Low expectations?  That's what all Americans have for this inept president on  our economy too!

Finally his expectations are in line with mine.

I have "low expectations" with every move he makes., so far he has been 100%.....

I thought that's what we hired John Kerry Heinz to do?  Obama should stay in the US and take care of OUR problems FIRST!!!

obama meets my low expectations I had of him since 2008

leading from behind again? low expectations means he won't have to apply himself and "act" like a leader, the same thing he does for us "act".

So if he doesn't expect to accomplish anything, then why is he going? The money used to pay for this could go towards funding some of the things he says the sequester is "cutting" like re-opening the White House tours.  Did you see Carney flip when he got asked about that?

obama sent Natayahu out the back door of the WH when he was here. So yeah, low expectations.

Our best bet would be if the Muslim Brotherhood just kept him...And we have low expectations that he will actually accomplish anything useful other than wasting more taxpayer money.   Maybe they can keep the Prez over there!!  "Low expectations"???  Now the Prez knows how half of the country feels about him and his leadership (or lack of).

Man, the peace prize committee should be ashamed for giving him a peaceprize. But at last they are not cause they hate Republicans.

Maybe he should wear his noble peace prize.  Worst president ever.

I find it odd that after 6 months no one is STILL allowed to talk to the 20 some surviors of the Libyan scandal...........WHY???????? don't look for the Obama leg humping media to press the issue.................

Funny, we have low expectations of Odrama! What a coincidence!

Well lets see he burned his bridge with Israel, the Gulf countries just shake their head at the mention of his name and the Iranians laugh at him.

I think this means Obama doesn't have a clue about what to do.

what other type of expectations do you expect?

I have to defend Obama! He's not leading from behind!!! It's his behind that's leading!

Obama can't accomplish anything at home much less the Middle East.Talk, talk, talk I say its time he shows us he can walk the walk.Can you imagine him up in front of the Isreali's, giving a speech without his teleprompter? "Uh, didn't they Uh film Star Wars here?"

He should have low expectations. The 'leaders' in the Middle East see him as weak and ineffective.

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations- about sums up this presidency.

"U.S. heads toward Obama with low expectations"

After four years of dumbling down the nation, why would anyone expect any thing different??The only success this impersonator has garnered is huge gun and ammunition sales in the U.S., so what does that tell you??????

We are used to it.  We've come to expect low expectations from this President.

The Isreali's don't seem very excited about this! (...this guy?...pfft..)

Obama should go over there and have the same expectations that we have for him here. Low, very low.

what happened in Behgazi mr. president?

Stay home!  Save the fuel money, you've wasted enough of our tax dollarsTell me he's leaving the checkbook at home

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations"The Middle East awaits Obama's arrival with low expectations

OBAMA's whole Presidency is about "low expectations"

I'm going to take a dump now.  I'd name the Pile after Obama the Clown but that would be offensive to the Pile.

Low expectations... American have become used to that from this Prez and his administration...

0bama bring your Nobel Peace Prize with you and show it to Netanyahu, he could use a good laugh right about now.

I wouldn't trust him to lead me to water.

Obama will probably sneek over to Saudi Arabia and take the Haj secretly.

How in the world could 51% of the US citizens be so brainwashed, to re-elect an incompetent idiot like this?

Obama if you have low expectations then why go.  I thought the sequester was  to reduce government spending, it cost $100,000 an hour to fly Air Force One, you staying home an taking care of domestic issues could go a long way in helping the sequester.That's funny.  We've had nothing but "low expectations" since the day this fraud was sworn in over four miserable years ago.

Just shows you how O'loser will go ANYWHERE to get out of being an actual working president.

Where does he go or what does he do that expectations are high?

Obama sure loves to waste taxpayers money, this trip to the Middle East what does he think he will achieve? Obama can't achieve anything worth while here in the states.

Then why waste taxpayers money and go, or does Michelle need a vacation again. That woman spends more taxpayers money then the Defense Department. I will be glad when we get them out of the White House.

Pretty much what most Americans expect from him on a daily basis

To think we have 4 more years of Clown in Chief.

Obama has accomplished putting the country in more debt. his wife is looking at buying a 20,000,000 dollar mansion in Hollywood.

This "low expectation" president has been responsible for my net take home pay shrinking.

Going to close off the WH from visitors but the millions spent flying to the Middle East where he as "low expectations" for anything positive is OK. Guess with his poll numbers tanking, it's time for a little around the world campaigning.Seriously, how can there be lower expectations for Obama at this point?  How can you go lower than the bottom?

I hope Bi Bi remembers the ignorant way Obama treated him on his visit to the USA last year .A real class act .

Translation :   Obama is not serious and is making a token gesture and wasting tax dollars by attending a meeting with leaders he has contempt for and no plans of agreement about anything. Obama's style is to be a spoiler - debris in machinery - to disrupt, not to cooperate. He is going for the photo-op only to falsely pretend he tried but really didn't. His real goal is to enable his Muslim Iranian ally, with complicitor Hagel. Hey, its an excuse for another vacation at taxpayer expense - another way to shaft the whitey's (black taxpayers, too, but he expects they will automatically forgive him).

And Obama is creating an America of low expectations.

When you're searching for low expectations......Obama your man.

What happened to all of the Hope and Change and Forward that Obama promised?Why is the President that promised all of the above going into an international situation 4 years after being in office with such a negative attitude?Is this what over 50% of voters wanted?

"Obama also will try to shore up Jordan's fledgling attempts to liberalize its government and stave off an Arab Spring-style movement similar to the ones that have taken down leaders elsewhere in the region."  So Obama is now concieding his Arab Spring idea is a disaster?

Yeah we have low expectations of him as well.

Remember when American presidents went overseas with a positive attitude and great expectations? Kennedy, Icht been ein Berliner. Nixon talking to Mao, breaking down the Bamboo curtain. Reagan, Mr Gorbechev, Tear down this wall! Obama, I'm leaving to look presidential but don't expect to accomplish anything. Forward. A shell of a leader.

Is he going to be protected by the same Secret Service he recently threw under the bus?Low expectations parallel his lack luster performance.

If pictures could talk, Netanyahu is probably saying "How much longer do I need to spend listening to this putz".

Headline should read, "Israel Has Low Expectations From Obama Visit"

Another Obama failure coming right up.....

Why is this nut job going in the first place? Great attitude before you go visit a country. BARACK has been in over his head since being elected over four years ago. A COMMUNITY ORGANIZER isn't the type of person you need in the WHITE HOUSE, and it has shown over the past four years. It would be nice if he stayed over there for good and became a PERMANENT MEMBER OF THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD.

OBOZO visiting ISRAEL?  his  poll numbers must be going down!!!! this guy hates ISRAEL!!

"Low expectations" pretty much sums up the Obama Presidency

How many food tasters for King Obama is going on this trip?General Accounting Office: "The incremental costs of Obama's overseas trips cost an avg. of $3.6 million tax $ per day. How 'bout banning Obama's golf outings costing 'bout 3.2 mil ea outing too.Reality Check! Obama Supporters Angry at New Tax Increases on 77% of all workers making under 250k to help pay billions to support Obamas lavish lifestyle. In in the Hawaiian newspapers: Obama Lifestyle Criticized as ‘Royal’: Author Documents, $1.4 Billion Annually for Obama &amp; his family vs. only $58 Million for the royal family a yr by Brits.Why is Obama closing WH tours for kids? Why is the Obama admin running ads for 2600 new fed gov't workers, even a librarian for the Dept of Ag. while threatening to not inspect our meat?Lets close WH tours so taxpayers can give 254 million $ to renovate the Univ. of Wash.'s football stadium in Dem Sen. budget sponsor Patty Murray's state or spend 176k on the impact of cocaine on Japanese quail.Obama approval drops 11 to just 43% over his brainchild, the "sequester", in 4 polls after O took his 2nd vacate of 2013 already as we sent Obama aboard AF 1 for a Golf vac to Fla. with Tiger Woods &amp; the 1st lady to vacate in Aspen.Obama, only 316k Net Jobs added in 4 yrs vs. Reagan 16.1 mil in 4 yrs. Source: BLS, "B" Tables, Seasonally Adjusted.Bloomberg News: "the 10 largest U.S. banks by assets gets a taxpayer subsidy of $83 billion a yr, thanks to dems Frank/Dodd. To put the figure in perspective, it’s tantamount to the gov't giving the banks about 3 cents of every tax dollar collected". Cut that loophole Obama, not our kids touring the WH.Dems from LBJ (who started it all, passing a law to rob SS Trust Fund, bad loans Fannie/Freddie, Medicaid, allowing unions in gov't (even FDR warned against it) &amp; starting the welfare socialist spread the wealth road to the US becoming Greece, to Clinton, put the building blocks of this depression in place. 77% of the time, Dems have controlled the purse strings and Congress, 46 of the last 60 yrs since 1950, &amp; in the Senate by dems over 84% of the time (over 50 of the last 60 yrs. The Dem. party has had the majority in both houses over 81% of the time.Just look what "No Balanced Budgets" by Big high tax dem union gov't has done to many cities like to Det. Mich., and those that have gone bankrupt in Calif. Today Det Mich. is preparing to be taken over by the state. State of Ill, is bankrupt.It is time the richest city in the US tighten their belts too. Fed workers get payed 53% higher wages on the average than the average in the private sector. Federal Gov't workers make an average of $67,954 vs the overall average American, age 25 or older, makes only roughly $32,000 per year. Source US Census, Personnel Yearly Income.CNN: Obama's own words on you tube video. "Bush was incompetent for raising Nat Debt from 5 to 9 trillion and spending 4 trillion in just 8 shorts yrs." Obama has gone from 9 trillion to 16.7 trillion in 4 yrs. spending 7.7 trillion. Who is incompetent Obama???CBS news: Obama Has Now Increased Debt More than All Presidents from Washington Thru Bush II Combined . Obama has spent enough to have sent every senior a check for over 4 million dollars or a check of over $240,000 to every legal taxpaying family in America. DID YOU GET YOUR "FAIR SHARE"? WHERE DID ALL THAT MONEY GO?

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations... Why should we have any higher expectations of Obama there versus here at home?

Why would Israel trust a muslim? So nothing will come of the president showing up there.Is he making a stop in Mecca to pray?

Low expectations .....Most of us already think Obama will make anything he touches worse !!!

I think it should read: "Continued low expectations or How I permanently screwed up the US in 8 short years".

Well, America has VERY low expectations for Obama.

May as well send Dennis Rodman.

I hope Netanyahu keeps him in the waiting room for a few hours.

I hope Netanyahu makes Obama come and go out the servants entrance like Bammy did to him.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a photo op. trip,"

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations.......................His time has passed due to his failed foreign policies!. The next question is why even bother?

Focused like a laser on jobs. LOL famous last words? Like, "watch this"? I expect nothing but failure, he can't fail me , because I have no faith in the Muslim/terrorist supporting Democrats and their helper McCain. They worked together so well in the early 90's with NATO in the Balkans, bombing every one to protect the harmless and innocent Muslims. LMAO, just gets better and better.More jive and shuck. Heavy on the shuck.

How about this. No more American $ to anyone in the region that does not make peace with each other!

Our apologies, Mr. Prime Minister for this embarrassment to the American people.

Anything this moron is involved in has low expectations. Unless he is trying to screw the American people, for that he has high expectations.

how appropriate to see obama and low expectations in the same headline

And he has been living up to those expectations.

just another plane ride. he could care less about  Israel.

Written in 2006.“In this book, I intend to argue that an Obama presidency would lead us into an “Obama Nation.” The Play on words is fully indented because Obama’s radical leftist politics, driven by the cult of personality he has intentionally manufactured, would be an abomination in that the result of those policies would be to lead the United State in a costly and self-destructive direction, both at home and abroad.“After an Obama Presidency, we would be a military weakened and economically diminished nation. Instead of being more united, out internal conflicts could well become more sharpened and more abrasive from four years of Obama leadership.”Jerome Corsi  “The Obama Nation”

Maybe he will miss the flight home!!

Some cowboy logic all politicians should listen to;If you are leading the herd, it is a good idea to look back every once in a while to make sure they are still following you.The expectations are low, but the expenses will be high.Just another royal vacation.  Spare no expense for our ruler.

Excuses before the plane takes off,  what leadership.

If Obama is involved there will be low expectations.... no question.

ObamaPhone has Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on speed dial.ObamaPhone blocks calls from Benjamin Netanyahu.

Things aren't bad enough in the Middle East, now you've got Odumbo going there to screw things up even more. Trust me, the Palestinians will come out ahead on this one.

Yup..... Mr. Low Expectations ..... That's him!

5 years later, and it's his first trip to israel?hmmmm....how long did it take for him to go to the arab countries and apologize to muslims?

we're sending a clown to meet world leaders.  The slide continues

We all have LOW EXPECTATIONS FOR OBUMMER---except for his blamming everybody else for every thing that goes wrong.

Can't we SAVE money and have Obama and ALL future Presidents hold VIDEO conferences ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Warm-up the engines......Obama needs to SPEND more money. I guess that Sequester thing isn't putting a damper on his ability to SPEND our money after all.

Time to visit his masters, next to China to visit his bankers?

"low expectations" ... way to LEAD Obama!!!

When you have few skills its always best to aim low.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now."  No kidding?

It's obvious that the author of this drivel is another brainwashed Obamaniac. Get a clue Julie.

Why not stay home and stop embarrassing us??

He's getting closer to his motherland.  Maybe when he gets there, AF1 will turn south and dump him over Kenya.

Obama and Biden will both be out of the country at the same time.  Is it wrong to wish for 2 planes to crash into mountains?

We always have low expectations for Obama. Israel's a serious country, perhaps they can deal with Obama for us.the facial expression of Netanyahu says it all...having to deal with a hapless ignorant and clueless token must be pure heII

Obama will be labeled worst president ever...he has literally done more harm for the American public than good...

He's got the USA so totally screwed, he just packs up and leaves.Hope he stays there. Does this Clown have a CLUE???????

Does Obama have to come back?

:Love the Prime Ministers look He must be thinking who the hell does this man think he is

PLEASE....make sure his plane flies over the Bermuda Triangle!

Quick, try to change the headline away from the Benghazi survivors speaking up and saying they were told by the White House not to talk about what happened!

Stay there and we'll get more done here.

The world has low expectations of Obama because they see him for what he is, an untrustworthy socialist. The guy is a prime example of a Flim-Flam man. He says one thing,  does the opposite, then says he never meant what he said. His actions as our President do not reflect well on America...

Not saying Obama is stupid or anything, but when he was asked ho to spell Mississippi, he said the river or state.Close up the White House...then get outta Dodge. Figures

Does he use a teleprompter in private, one-on-one meetings?

If we just leave him there we would save enough to have the White House tours again!

More and more people are having to lower their expectations from this President.

His goal will be to go to the Middle East and try to keep the troubles from boiling over on his watch?  What about the troubles he's created here on his watch, like trying to make illegals have a path to citizenship at the expense of the American people and letting those criminals benefit from our already overtaxed social programs? Hope Netanyahu is smarter than 1/2 of this country is!

America has low expectations of Obama.

Now that he has thoroughly accomplished his lowered expectations agenda On America, he intends on spreding this scourge upon the rest of the world. FORWARD!

5 years and this is his 1st trip there, amazing, what, he is bored of the golf courses here and is looking for a 'change'?

Since first elected"This is not about accomplishing anything now"

So he has the same expectations as he gets here....LOW....guess that'lll be his legacy besides the debt he'll leave us......."Low expectations" seems very appropriate when used in the same sentence as "Obama"!

Obama votes "present" again

They should cold-shoulder him like he did them.

hey POS aka obami are you going to give the rest of the GOOD OLD USA away ?

The U.S. is broke.  This so called president of ours keeps wanting to raise taxes to play for his dreams of being liked by the world.  Yet he is going to the middle east where almost all but Israel hate us and .....he wants to give these haters more money.  You can't buy loyalty.  He should know that the people in the U.S. haven't bought into him or his dictator like trappings.

When one considers the performance and the accomplishments of our Affirmative Action President, it's good not to set expectations too high.

How can he afford this trip when his sequester is destroying the country according to him?

Besides NOT liking Jews, obama is irritated whenever someone can smell his bs, incompetent, white hating, stench. The Prime Minister is one of those people. Along with half of the Americans that don't have their face in his rear.

Obama is such an idiot, its like your neighbor with a broken down house, trying to tell you how to fix yours!! This stoodge should stay home and fix the issues in the US..they are legion...Impeach Communist Obama!! lets get rid of that groid once and for all!!

He has low expectations?Welcome to our world......LOLI was going to say that I wish Obama would do something constructive instead but then realized who I was talking about.

Low expectations? When is he going to blame Bush?

Does he know its the Persian gulf and not the Persian golf?

Funny...Israel, America, and the World have low expectations of Obama, as well.....................Atleast, everybody can agree on something!

The Middle East should send The Arrogant One back home.{wherever that is}  He will screw that up as bad as he has the USA...

Obozo i got news for you, its time to do your job and stop campaigning, your place in history as the worst president ever has already been written im surprised you and all in your party arent in prison for extortion and tearing up the American constitution!!

So OBOZO is off to the Middle East on AF1.So where's MOOCHHELLE going on vacation with AF2???????There goes another couple of Billion dollars !!!!!!!!!!!!

Good riddance...

I'm still shocked over Obama getting the Noble Peace Prize . What did he do ? He can't keep America together let alone fix anything in the Middle East

I have no problem with Obama going to the Middle East...Provided it a One-Way trip.Hamas, and Iran, want Israel wiped from the earth.  Not sure how you go about negotiating anything when flexibility is not an option.

The only thing that has improved on his watch is his golf game.

Does Rodman know about this?

Do you need proof of birth such as a birth certificate to travel out of this country to another country?

Obama is useless.

Dear Leader,Please take your silly side kick, and don't come back.Sincerely yourscitizen xxx-xx-7734

Low expectations are his calling card.

Now Obozo the prick needs Netanyahu he trips over to kiss #$%$.  Hope Net tells him to pound sand.

Obama has become the definition of the phrase "low expectations"...

What happened to the "Yes we can" guy? Now he the "Don't expect much" guy?Low to bad expectations is all America has to expect from Obama, why should the rest of the world expect anything else, except the Muslim brotherhood, who will get maybe a Billion dollars AND F-16 fighters along with M-1 main battle tanks. All while obama attempts to gut the US Constitution by trying to disarm US Citizens of semi-auto rifles! Comments, Libs?

Hey Obama try Skype and open theWhite House....

So he's going to be in the sand trap, lol.

This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment tripGood bye, farewell, so long...................yes and this is what we all figured....no accomplishment.........and of course the down payment trip is on the tax payers. What an asinine #$%$!!

Glad to see him go and hope he dosen't come back.

"Budget deadlock squeezes military members seeking education". Use the money from this useless trip to help out our military members. It's all about priorities when you are trying to balance the budget. I would imagine expectations to be high when it comes to educating our soldiers.

Just look for JULIE PACE in the by line and you can be confident it is just ANOTHER Obama spin piece masquerading as "journalism" . . .

maybe he will do us all a favor a stay

We have low expectations of him here.

Wonder if he will swing by his brother in Kenya and help him re-mud his hut???Why is Obama like a crooked TV preacher?He talks a lot, delivers little and wants all your money.

The teflon president is a fraud.

You got to give the man credit. He keeps wading into waist deep puddles he created himself.

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations..... and here at home we have low expectations.....

Obama is the Muslim community's Dream Come True......................................................He's spending the Great Satan out of existence!

Nah, he's just going over to apologize to them because he hasn't made us all peasants yet.

I don't know why this is news, I have low expectations in him too.

Obama has low expectations, real Americans have "no expectations" that anything he will do will help America.

keep him. things are much better here when he is away.

I expect little from Obama. That way the disappointments are few.Reminds Me of the SNL Dating Skit "Lower Expectations." 0weblamer would Be Funny, if He Wasn't So Disappointing!!!

Strictly a political stunt.  Why bother going at great expense to a place you have no intention of helping or supporting?   Save the trip money and go play golf instead.

Barack Hussein Low Expectations Obama. Look at his life,why would any one expect more?

Has anybody noticed that O'Reilly is only now catching up to the notion that Obama is at least a Socialist ??.... In the meantime, the rest of us have graduated to: Obama's a Marxist Freak.

....... Obama to return to US with low expectations.

I sure would be excited about a guest coming to dinner who has already announced the dinner won't be much.. What a terd.

If there are such "low expectations" why is this man going?  It's beyond understanding and just think of all that jet fuel that will be burned up...wow what a selfish POTUS.  Israel do what you gotta do and that would be don't agree with anything this man wants, he is not THE KING and you know what I mean.

Now for the bad news.......he's coming back.    #$%$!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Now Obama should be able to handle lowered expectations.  He cannot do the job he was elected to do, so lower the bar.  Why is he going there at all?  Oh, maybe they have golf courses.

Actually, Mr. President, your next four years are filled with low expectations...EVERYTHING About this Lowly BOOTLicker-Obama suggests he's low-expectations.So far BONZO Obama has been a Complete- Abject-Failure, 98% of the time.Real American's, absolutely don't want this clearly-Incompetent-Idiot and boy;  to change his sorry-Assse record now.

The Chinese swapped Nixons on us in '72.  Let's hope the Mid-East does the same with Obama.

I'm sure he'll stop at all of the mosques to pray

The U.S.A. has NO EXPECTATIONS of Obama. All he knows how to do is blame others, take money from those who work and give it to those who will not work and waste our money on counties that hate the U.S.

That's ok barrack. We've lived with low expectations of you for almost five years now. Please don't change!

Dr Ben Carson for President!

Hark! The fool arrives.

Netanyahu is a very smart man. Keep your friends close and your enmenies closer.Once a muslem always a muslem. obama is a wolf in sheep cloths

He should just go on vacation instead, that would probably save us embarrassment and lots of money too.

UHOH..Carson  Could be the downfall..Downfall I say? Obama was said to be the first black prez..He is not..His mom was white. Carson could be the first REAL black prez and my vote would be there for him.Good! Get out of America and stay out!

He sees the light!

I hope they all throw their shoes at him

Look, just give them all money and they will act like they like you. Did Kerry really need to pledge 250 million to Egypt? Oh yes he did..Obama told him so. BROTHERHOOD,

".....", or I'll point my finger at you!

when it comes to gun control and raising your taxes he can accomplish that. by the way he's killed more kids in drone attacks than any mass shooting. where's the outcry for that.

So nice of him to show up for Passover. Will he wear his yamika to get some Jewish votes back at home? He should take Moose Shell in a burka and leave he in it so we don't have to look at her ugly simian face.

That's the spirit!  Looking on the bright side___maybe the trip will be short and inexpensive.

there is no way that little barry's low expectations can be lower than our expectations of him.

Obama heads for middle east with low expectations. America has learned to have low expectations of OBama on his return.Yahu meets Yahoo

As if there is high expectations for the next 4 years.

It's only fair...he headed into his second term with low expectations.

Another photo-op for a future presidential library.

The Iran war is coming!

Low expectations ,,,, What else is new???

Low expectations pretty much sums it up.

Obama's entire Presidency so far has been a platform of low expectations managed by a confederacy of dunces.

Low expectations, I thought his handlers said he was going to solve all the worlds problems.  So, why do we have to pay for this trip if nothing is to be accomplished?

One thing that can always be counted on, when the going gets rough, Obama leaves the country or goes on vacation.Headline should be-Middle East has no expectations with Obama coming over

Always 3 years behind the real issues.  Our country is in trouble.

How can Obama justify taking a trip when he can't find money to pay for White House tours for the public?  This man is a total fraud and insults the American people's intelligence every day.

We have low expections of b HUSSEIN obama too.

Obama and Low Expectations go together, you can't have one without the other

"Hope and Change"has unfortunately become "Low Exectations".

Take your time Obama. Enjoy your trip. Do some sight-seeing. Come back in 2016.

Why not visit Syria and see how our money is doing.

Solomon Obama will set them straight.

He can't even fix things here why would he even offer advice to another country. They will laugh him right out of the room.While Obama is in Israel - where will Queen Moooooooooooshell be vacationing on the taxpayers dime ???

Please keep him. We no longer want him here.

There goes another $2 billion to Jordon.   Nothing against refugee camps....BUT WHY DOESN'T SAUDI ARABIA PAY FOR IT'S BRETHREN.....AS OPPOSED TO THE U.S. TAXPAYER BORROWING MORE MONEY FROM CHINA?The poor borrowing money to help the poor?

When he gets there I hope he finds a sign that says " Tours Cancelled "

Poor ol' Netanyahu has to sit there and stomach that arrogant and totally clueless blue gummed token

So basically he's going there to put on a show and will be bsing them the way he bss us? Did I get that about right?

Netanyahu, remember to talk "Slow" obama is kind of on the stupid side

What a waste of tax dollars,this phoney wont and cant do anything ,PERIOD!!!!!!

Obama is checking out this cobbled together government.............he better look at the cobbled together government he's head honcho of.  Obama is not trusted in Isreal.  Same in the US.  Yet, Obama will talk out of both sides of his mouth and campaign to Isreal so that they will end up thinking he was the one that parted the Red Sea and guided the people through.

The Israeli public is not fooled as easily as the Obama Phone Mob.Obama can't keep the peace in the south side of Chicago. No less in the middle east or with North Korea. We may as well have sent Dennis Rodman in Obama's place. Just more waste of fuel and taxpayers $$$$$ sending Obama on Air Force 1 . We could have send Rodman in the coach section of a commercial jet liner for a heck of a lot less $$$$$ . And we would get the same results Obama will be getting. Which is NOTHING of value just like HE is ! Obama makes Jimmy Carter look like a cross between FDR and JFK !

Since ha hasn't accomplished anything in 4 years why should we expect anything different now.

To late. No one ever trust a LIAR.

The "low expectations" will be on the part of Netanyahu as he has to deal with a man who hates his country and his people.  Four more dismal and ugly years ahead.

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]Wonder if there's space on Obama's Nobel Peace Prize medal to engrave those telling words.

Do the Israelis have drones?

Good Luck

Stay gone, you worthless #$%$.

He probably heard they opened a new golf course in Abu Dhabi.

His goal will be trying to keep the troubles, from Iran's suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians, from boiling over on his watch.Exactly, Obammie could care less what happens as long as it doesn't happen under his watch. This POS has an 8 year personal agenda and it does not include the American people."I hope Netanyahu makes Obama come and go out the servants entrance like Bammy did to him."That would be sweet. Instead of serving the Isrealis who came to vist the White House non-Kosher food, Netanyahu should retaliate and do the same thing to the Muslim sympathizer#1: Show up for meeting, make unreasonable demands, then get #$%$ and leave for the rest of the meetign and leave it to his subordinates( like Obama did)#2: serve them non-Kosher food for dinner. (what the White House REALLY did)  Instead, give him "kosher black food" like fried chicken, collared greens, pigs feet, cornbread, etc (disrespect him back Net!)#3: then make Obama go out the side door where they take out the White House trash(like Obama did)THIS REALLY happened folks!

Based on the Obama record of disasters --- the only expectation should be damage--- who would ever invite this idiot and Communist anywhere --- must be in need of handouts ---

"Low expectations"?Frankly the only expectation that I have about this worthless POS Usurper is that he WILL do his absolute best to completely destroy these united States of America.

Soetoro's not the only one with low expectations. I finally found something that I can agree with him about.

I hear there is a nice golf course on the Gaza Strip...why don't you give it a try Mr. Resident!

Obama is finally realizing, that his Arab Spring policies aren't working so well.

"Obama arrives in Jerusalem on Wednesday for his FIRST trip to Israel as president"It's tough to squezze in a major ally between all of the vacations, partys at the White House and glof games. No doubt he will be kissing some Palestinian's ash while he is over there.

I understand "O" also returned the bust of Churchill when he first took office and also don't like Las Vegas! this guy has no class.

boy who would have thought our country would be pining for "the good ole days" of Jimmy Carter. barry is the worst President ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is a wasted trip if he thinks he can broker an agreement with Israel and Palestine.  Many have tried, many have failed.  I think he's too late to smooth over his blatant disregard for Netanyahu.  The respect has been lost now.The headline to this article has it backwards.  It should read:  Middle East heads to Obama with low expectations.

Must be a family reunion. I have low expectations too.

And now the dog and pony show goes on the road.

Black smoke was once again seen billowing from the White House chimney....no president yet!

Low Expectations? LOL. He has had his political analysis team and speech writers working on this for months.  I wonder if he has converted AF-One to wind energy, yet?  To him I bet it makes sense. Or the White House to solar energy?  Hm-m-m-m.  Long on wind, short on action.  I guess the costs are too high, even for Obama.

Just wish he would stay in the office here and figure out how and when to pay the bills he is running up.    Sure this trip will cost us billions before it's all said and done.

Don't worry Israel the head donkey is on his way. He'll make promises that he can't deliver.

I can understand it.We have low expectations of Obama too so why shouldn't the Middle East?

Can you not just fix the problems in your own yard, Before you jump the fence and help your neighbors ?

Maybe he will stay over there...wishful thinking.I'm surprised that he hasn't blamed the flaming middle east on Bush

All of our expectations of Barry are low. He's proven he can't handle the economy or foreign policy.

If this is change then we need to change back again...

He should take some food stamps and free cell phones with him.  It's how he got elected.  The "Food Stamp" President for FREE stuff.

He'd have low expectations heading to the bathroom.

Voters here had low expectations and look what we have.

Maybe he will do some community organizing in the country of Israel, and the Palestinian territory! LMFAO!!!

Now is our chance to get rid of him!

When you lie to your own citizens and they can not trust you, how can you expect the leaders of any Nation trust you?

He has failed on every trip taken since elected, why expect change???  Guess he has finally figured that out and has actually started to admit it.The other day at the lobster dinner the president refrained from eating although he was reported to be longing for the tasty dish however his "taster" was not present. He knows there is deep disdain for him and obozo is the kind of person that breeds contempt.

Why not send Roddman

Well, I suspect they, like us, have low expectations of him as well. This boy ain't gonna get'er done.

In the picture above, Netanyahu seems to be thinking, "I don't trust this guy one bit".

The fact he supports the Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's new leadership, a Ground Zero mosque and all things radical Islam...no surprise.

One has to wonder how many briefcases full of foreign aid taxpayer money will Mr. Obama be distributing to solidify our foreign relations. When are we going to quit trying to buy our so called foreign friends?

Obama must be homesick.

After fours years of this empty suit, am guessing the Middle East probably has low expectations of Obama, too.

the seqester doesn't slow down his travel ! how many WH tours would this pay for ?

Wow ! A lot of.  Muslims showing their support for Obama on these posts ,   What does that tell ya ?Just can't seem to stay home and even attempt to address real issues. The middle east is the same as ever.

The Dinner tonight will be BBQ Pork Ribs, with Chitlins, and Collard greens. Desert ,Sweet Potato Pie, and Chocolate Cake and Lemonade.

I don't believe a thing that Obama says,,,he has proved over and over he is nothing but a liar and a fraud....Benjamin Carson,,,for President  in 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]No, this is about flying on Air Force One, having dinner at an authentic Middle-Eastern restaurant, and returning to the States in time to visit Anna Wintour for a luncheon of caviar and fois gras on little whole-grain crackers.In other words, this is about reducing the deficit.

Is he looking for a place to move and stay?? Thinking about becoming king over there? Take him

The Israeli people can experience for themselves a low expectation president.

The  Gigantic  Question  is ; Will  Obozo  Go  to  the  Aid  of  Israel ; if  Attacked  ; ?  Especially  if  Israel  Attacks  Iran  First . ??.

Expectations are always low when Obama has anything to do with it

Why would a muslim be allowed to enter Israel?

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations"  Why not? He headed to the White House with low expectations.["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]See, this is what happens when people give you everything in advance before you earn it, like Obama's "peace prize."You just sit on your butt and eat lobster bisque with Anna Wintour.

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]Congratulations, judges of the Nobel Committee.In 2009, you issued your first Affirmative Action token peace prize.

I would like to see him go to Afghanistan and stay there until the last service member comes home and hopefully that would speed up the withdrawal time line. I'm giving him some leeway here but all the troops should be home BEFORE the 4th of July our independence day.

Hope he stays there.

Memo to Israel: Remember what happened to Eve when she trusted a "talking snake"!

Can we ask Hamas or the Muslim Brotherhood to just keep him?

If a person is loved, cared about, embraced by the public everywhere, held in high esteem, does well for the public citizens, and all would be thankful to witness them in person, why then does it take an army of Secret Service Personnel to travel by their side, an escort of Military Jets to fly along side them, and half the police force of Jerusalem, and the military to escort that person around for his safety?Seems that person has far more enemies than friends?Only a person who commits crimes against humanity, and does people wrong in their actions should take such steps to protect themselves.

Hope they keep him!!!!!!!!  No wait a minute, then their's Biden.  Can't they both go????

If there are low expectations then Obama has a chance at meeting them.

I wonder if he's going to visit his birthplace, or just show his support for his soulmates--AlQaeda and the Muslim BrotherhoodThe relationship needs to be reset:  Bibi your nation is an ally, however, the duty of all American elected officials is to put US interests first, second, and third.  If helping Israel aids in our nation's goals - great - otherwise you are on your own.  And.....pay for your own damn military.

Hope he stays there and finds a nice home in neighboring Egypt.

More wasted money, not covered by the sequester. Release criminals onto the street and cut back on the border patrol but for God's sake don't get our noses out of other countries' affairs.

Why the Middle East trip if there are no expectations for accomplishment?  Is Obama homesick?

Killing &amp; violence is a Middle East way of life, it's not going to change.

Good riddance.  Come back in four years.

The devil Obumnuts went down to destroy.

It is closer to Mecca where B. Hussain Obama can bow down like the rest of the peace loving muslim terrorists.

What  a positive outlook, doesn't expect much.  You get what you put out.  I guess he isn't planning on giving much.  Thats kind of funny, is he saving all the moving for Egypt.  Spoken like the true leader he is, I'm not expecting much.  He is not expecting much because Israel doesn't take his #$%$.  Is this part of his legacy?  If your not expecting much, guess what your going to get.

His low expectations while in Israel can NOT be LOWER than what WE have of him here in AMERICA.What do you expext from a low brow President

He is going for a dinner date with Miss Israel. The first Black Israeli beauty queen. Air Force One  $187,000 plus per flight hour....and Millions for additional security because its the Middle East.Why is the Presidential travel budget not  part of sequester?

What is he going to do to bring peace to the Middle East, nothing, like he's done for the past 4 years, more Drone attacks killing hundreds of innocent civilians, billions of dollars wasted on Muslim Brotherhood taking over in Egypt, killings in Syria, Libya, Yemen etc.

Obama is the leader of this INEPTOCRACY. . . defined as:  "A system of government where the least capable to lead are elected by the least capable of producing, and where the members of society least likely to sustain themselves or succeed are rewarded with goods and services paid for by the confiscated wealth of a diminishing number of producers."   No wonder there are low expectations!!  Every leader in the world knows Obama is a failure overall!

Obama is as lost as a goat in a hail storm.

be nice if one of the terrorist groups hes armed would capture him..then america would be rid of the idiot.

Low expectations, then why are we sending all the Golf Carts and Air Force One to the Middle East?

Another built in excuse for King Obamas failure,Nice work Obama slave medai

The only thing Obama has done for the economy is boost gun and ammunition sales. Next he'll take credit for that like all the oil pumped on private land.   What a loser !!!

Maybe they'll keep him!!!  Muslims will make him the next Grand Caliphate!!!Whata clueless clown Obama is. He is no more qualified to be President than Paris Hilton is.

Obama is no leader

They know he is a security risk so they will give a box lunch and the cheap tour AARP sells. Then they will give him a coloring book as he boards Air Force One.

Obama is the weakened one.  Lied about how bad the sequestration would be.  No budget for over 4 years and is now late on the 5th budget.  No jobs.  More food stamps.  More unemployment.  Tell me liberal media just who is the weakened one????

The Bible says that the anti-christ will declare peace in the middle east. He will sign a peace accord with Israel. But after 3 1/2 years he will break his own accord.

MSNBC just reported tha there will be not enough money ( sequestor you know)  to buy jet fule to get Air Force 1 home. Oh well.

Stay.... Don't come back. Take congress with you as well.

He snubbed Bebe during his campaign, no one will forget that.

Who will you liberal aholes elect next...Hillary, aka Ms.Strangelove?

Flight delayed after 1 pair of heavily used knee pads found during routine security check of AF-1 prior to takeoff  :PAnother waste of time and American money!

ANOTHER FAMILY VACATION

Why is Obama going to Israel? Is Tiger Woods there?

Our best wishes on your trip, maby, just maby they will keep you over there, they all have low expectations over there and you would fit right in!!!!!!!

Does anyone, Republican or Democrat, really think Obama CARES about Israel?  Get real, he cares about welfare and illegals, THAT IS IT!

Anywhere that Obama goes should have low expectations.

Does anyone actually have high expectations for obama - other than the sheeple who voted for him?

I wonder how things would have turned out if Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower went into D-Day and the invasion of Normandy with "Low expectations." What a poop-head of a leader.

His expectations are as low as his character, GUTTER LEVEL.

$5 gas will make bread and milk go up unless you are on Obama Stamps.Hope he stay there!!!

Netanyahu, looking at Obama (above) is thinking, "Why does that booger on his nose keep switching sides?"

Little tip, Mr. President. Please don't bow to anybody.

Stay there.

My expectations of His leadership skills are in line with my sewer.

Maybe he will stay? We can hope.

The Supreme Leader taking some taxpayer cash to Hamas???  Kerry just delivered 250 million to the AntiAmerican Muslim Brotherhod inEgypt..Hope and Change right on schedule...

The middle east. Where Obama can pray in private. ALLAHHH

Sooo, if he is not going over there for anything, why did he go other than to waste even more tax dollars?

If he is as successful with this trip as was his "apology tour", which begat the misnamed "Arab Spring", we'll have WWIII in the offing.Nothing won't be accomplished as this is a wasted trip...

obama was elected by low information voters and racist black voters.  history will show obama to be one of the worst failures of any american president.  during these trying times america is saddled with incompetent leadership.

DON'T COME BACK MR. TURD

The juvenile NARCISSISM of Obama has caused him to have trouble with just about every relationship he enters into. His own party dismissed his 1st budget as insanity. Republicans wonder when he will man-up. The Tea Party just wants him to follow OUR Constitution.

Watch out Bibi, the bamer will iie to you like he does to everyone!

He is trying to sneak into Mecca again for his annual pilgrimage.

Israel: Ignore what Obama says. Watch what he DOES.

Bibi must be wondering why the h... is Obama coming at all with such a negative attitude .

Lok out Bebe, this guy ain't on your side in this.....

Does he have to come back?uummm.... wonder who'll be Obama's 'food tester' in Israel?

I'm  Waiting  Until  Next - Year  When "  Obozo  --  Care   Kicks -- In  ;   Check  his  Popularity  Then . !!

...............and the majority of the Legal Citizens of this Nations have the SAME low expectations for HIM !!!

see if he can reserve some rooms four years in advance. while this country goes to pot during his watch, he is going to make sure he lines the pockets of his friends.  obama care, where are you?

Words like "Bipartisan" and "Comprehensive" don't play well in Israel Barry. Maybe you could just lie about stuff...that always seems to work for you!

Look of cynicism

from the look on Netenyahu's face, it doesn't look like he's expecting much from Obama either..

[Obama Heads to Middle East with Low Expectations]Why should that be newsworthy?It was low expectations that got him elected.

Please keep him over there!

Gosh.  With the amount of money Obama spent to go to Israel, we could have kept the White House tours open for more than 4 weeks.  Somehow, he had the money to fly and carry all of his agents, cars, etc., but the rest of the country be danged.....Guess he's never heard of video conferencing as a way to manage money during down times, huh?Oh good, he will feel more at home over there where his hatred for white Americans and capitalism is more common.

If only Obama would stay in the middle east. He's busy trying to screw over Isreal rather than America for a little while. Maybe all his muslin brotherhood friends can thank him for the assault weapons and million dollars of our borrowed money he gave them. Don't let those crazy americans have guns to protect there families from the problems Obama is creating. Let's infringe on gun rights anyway Obama can. Pick up list, stupid regulations, tax ammo, renewel fees, application fees, clip limits, certain rifles denied, these are all infringements on the right to bare arms and should be unconstitutional. Everything but effecting criminals. Where is the supreme court? Have they been bought out? Are we just waiting on a United Nations ban that Obama will try to pass and loose American Rights to the UN? Yes, Mr. President, please stay in the middle east as long as possible. Try out the United Emirates golf courses they are great. No hurry to get back. In fact why don't you stay there for 3.5 years, please.

Hear O Israel, stay skeptical!

Guess he failed the interview in Caracas .

The gun show I attended this morning was giving away Obamas books and asking Obama trivia to give away prizes.  One guy won a 30 mag for answering what was Obamas dogs name.  He answered Biden and won

Obama has lost alot of confidence with seniors with his willingness to to negotiate on social security. He is also loosing middle class law abiding gun owners.

"no plans to visit a refugee camp while in Jordan, though he will be discussing with government officials how the U.S. can increase its assistance"I get to give more $$$$ away - yeah!!!!!

Who is John Galt?

need to take Pelosi and reid as well and hope for a plane crash.

Wonder how much money and weapons he is going to give Israel this time around when we are in deep financial trouble in this country.   Just print more money amd kill the value of the dollar and this country will collapse.  We shall be destroyed from within.  OBlunderer is doing a fine job of getting that accomplished."Lower expectations" may be an improvement now five years in.

Did moooochelle tag along to pick up some new burqaas?

I'd watch out, Mr. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu-he may still have some Muslim blood, influence, vision, and some other side-affects you may not detect....

OweBama has no "grand resolution" for anything. His visit to the Middle East is just another expensive photo-op for the Celebrity-in-Chief. This is not news.

Seems every picture of OBOZO has his mouth open, and the people looking at him have a face of what Did you just say!!!!!!!

THEY have vexing problems.

Gee, isn't it interesting that we are NOW aware of the survivers from Banghazi AND IT HASN"T "HIT YAHOO YET???

Can you imagine how low Netanyahus' expectations are given obumbas record?!?!?!

LOL!!! Off topic--but get THIS!  The black lawyer selected to turn Detroit around--has had FOUR TAX LIENS AGAINST HIM--TWO of which are STILL outstanding!!!  And he is the one they selected to collect outstanding taxes in Detroit!  Used to work for the Department of Justice...as US Trustee--and a Democrat.So, a man that can't manage his OWN finances--is going to turn Detroit around?  Man, you can't make this stuff up!!Proving once again that diversity should always come last in qualifications for jobs.

Lets see how bad he can screw this up - he has no idea of what he is doing.Another vacation !  Nothing ever gets done in the middle east  !  Been going on for thousands of years and will never change !  Maybe he will go AWOL and stay there !

what a perfect opportunity to finally close the US borders.

Keep listening to the talking terd and you will be nuked

this is like a boy with no wisdom, no understanding of how the world works and meeting with a true leader of a country! Maybe if he kept his mouth shut on this trip and not just smile for the cameras and opened those BIG ears for more then just listening to all his rock stars songs, HE'D learn something

IN OTHER NEWS, OBAMA IS GOING TO ISRAEL BECAUSE OF THIS POLL, ANOTHER POLITICAL MOVE AND NOTHING ALSO.Gallup poll finds in run up to President Obama's visit to Middle East, 64% sympathize with Israelis and 12% with Palestinians.Americans' sympathies for Israel matched an all time high according to a Gallup poll released Friday 03-15-2013, just five days before US President Barack Obama was scheduled to visit Israel for the first time as president.According to the poll, Americans' sympathies lean heavily toward the Israelis over the Palestinians, 64% percent vs. 12%.While partiality to Israel has topped 60% consistently since 2010, the 64% recorded in Friday's poll matched the previous record seen in 1991, during the first Gulf War. In the 1991 Gallup poll, only 7% of respondents sympathized more with Palestinians than Israelis.

that look on Obama's face: "What did I come here for again?"

Low expectations from 'Commander Zero' ? Big surprise!

Anything obama does has to be met with low expectations.

Very low expectations.  Most heads of state don't want him around.  Very unpopular internationally.  What a waste of taxpayer money.  I wonder how big his entourage is going to be plus his food taster.  He could work on the budget if he understood debit and credits.  We could have more airports open if he would just stay home and shot hoops.

Teachers head to classrooms with low expectations...Generally if you head into something with low expectations you end up being correct.Why would Obama expect anything else?  He's been ineffective for the past four years, what would be different?

Failure in US economics, failure in the Middle East.  Next......

They can't do this with a conference call or Power Point Presentation? Sounds like another vacation. What will Michelle and the girls be doing while he is out of town?

What war? And for what reason is this alleged war going on? This is just the slow and methodical destruction of the United States economy and military. Spread them out thin every where in Africa, and then cut their funding, while continuing to supply and train the Islamic enemy. When will the socialists declare their allies (the head chopping murder/Muslims) civilized?

Unusual and rare to see Obama acting like a President

Low expectations? If obozo is involved this is appropriate... expect chaos....

Why is he wasting the money to go then.

I'm sure Netanyahu doesn't expect much from Obama either.

He has low expectations because he knows what he is capable of...not much.  Buddha said ti best:  with your thoughts you create your world.

They can keep him he never does his job, he is always playing golf or too busy pretending to be king.Scares me when this guy goes out on the world stage! Good politician but inept as President! Can't lead, produce a budget or reduce spending in any way shape or form. He is as lazy as hell and thinks he is a God not a President!

There should be low expectations everywhere Obama goes.

Hell no he "doesn't expect accomplishment"  This inept POS wouldn't know accomplishment if it slapped him in his stupid grinning face!

Obama better be careful or Netanhayu will be giving him another scoulding.

obamalow expectationsone and the same

" ...  "This is not about accomplishing anything now...."A piece of cake for Obama, lots of practice.

Keep the Muslim, we don't want him back.

His first priority will be resetting his oft-troubled relationship with now-weakened Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Why Obama will violate any agreement first opportunity he gets.

" ..  he won't be seeking any grand resolution for the region's vexing problems.."I thought everything was already fixed by sending Hillary and a bag of money.

Keystone pipeline.Coke snorting, Gang member, Community leader from Chicago, Jr. Senator  is doing all he knows LOL

How to win elections. Get as many as you can on Gov help.

Doesnt expect to accomplish anything except that down payment and waist time AirForce Oneing around at 6,000,000 dollars a hour.  Could yall keep him for observation for about 3.5 yrs?

biggest spender of all usa presidents....more than world war 2....thats right

please stay over there

Obama was wanting to hit the late night shows in Israel.

Are all you liberal and democraps happy, your change is destroying the US. Muslim is completely ruining all branches of the military and building up his private armed force. Media is bought and run his brainwashing stories while unemployment is 14%. His distribution of wealth is not to distribute here in the US but to his arab sand flea buddies. Total black populace is being pushed down and trying to change them to islam by promises but they are waking up and see the pos for what he is. Soon when we get him impeached the wounds will start healing with God's help, yes there is a God no matter what you think.

Poor Barry thinks owing 20 trillion is now a good thing.

Obama and Biden will both be out of the country at the same time.  Quick change the locks on the White House.  When are we ever going to have an opporitunity to save the country like this again?

Poor Ben, it's like that visit from the cousin you hate, but you have to be nice because your Aunt...Friendly reminder...if it weren't for millions of brain dead sheep, Odumbo would still be working for some organ grinder in Chicago

Pres. Obama is REALLY good at low expectations.... and lying.... and blaming others for his poor policies.... This mid-east trip should be no different than a day in Washington for him...

Obamageddon will soon follow

Just another nothing gets done by our silver tongued snake oil salesman AMATEUR non-leader in the WH who is following his progressive secular socialist radical far left liberal democratic agenda to destroy our economy, our military, the American Dream while ignoring our constitution trying to take away as many of our freedoms and liberties that many brave Americans gave their lives to protect. He is a vile racist hate filled SOCIALIST who smoked pot with total absorption and roof hits, who actively sought radical professors as MENTORS and friends forming his warped waco hate of America, and who is a gold card carrying member of the GOD DAM AMERICA Rev. Wright congregation agreeing with and having heard all the vile, vulgar, hate filled, racist sermons against AMERICA every Sunday.Michelle my Bell just gets another shopping spree on the US tax payer trip!!!!!!!!!

The real question is not what Obama is planning to say when he gets there.The real question is what his teleprompter is planning to say.Like in the movie "Ghostbusters," where the carriage driver tells Louis Tully, " Hey, he pulls the wagon, I make the deals."

Going to where his original supporters that paid for his education live, mixed in with Israel,huh -finally.

He is only going so he can make a visit to mecca

Maybe he can incorporate his community organizer skills. He sure doesn't have any presidential skills.

Too little, too late. The only good thing that comes of this trip is that Obama will be too busy scewing up international affairs to mess with the American economy or Constitutional rights. Now if we could just get him to STAY there.....

Did he take the wife and the kids with him or are they taking separate vacations again?[@C Dub wrote: "Just wanting to verify that you always applaud protesting feminists, or whether you're a typical Republican hypocrite."] I don't decide to applause simply on the basis of categorizing people into little cubbyholes.  Whether they're labeled "feminists" or not is irrelevant.  I need to know what they're protesting, why they are protesting at this time, what justification exists for them doing so, and other such considerations.  You see, @C Dub, I don't applause or restrain my applause for someone just so I can score a meaningless "gotcha" for my political side.  I don't reduce complex events and people to cardboard cutouts.  I base my actions and my assessments upon an honest evaluation of the information at my disposal.  YOU SHOULD TRY IT SOMETIME.

I wonder if Netanyahu plays golf?

The Israelis should launch nukes at Iran the moment Odumbo walks into the office, then Netanyahu can just say "Problem solved." We don't require assistance.

Who knew that Julie Pace would sum up the Obama administration better than anyone with this article title....Low Expectations....the girl's a genius...

Bet there will be a vacation stop on the way home. After all it's been a couple weeks since he played golf with tiger.

I dont see any mention of Libya. Is that situation so hopeless theyre not going to waste time worrying about it? Was the NATO intervention such a dismal failure Obama doesnt want to even utter the name Libya?

I always have low expectations for Obama.

This President cant even bring himself to have a conversation with a Republican. He needs to stay at home and save the Jet Fuel. Lock himself in the Oval office until he comes out with a budget. If we never see him again we are better off for it.

Then Why Bother.. WE know You LOVE #$%$

No matter where he goes it's with low expectations !!!This president sure must hate staying home with Michelle.  He's taking a trip but doesn't expect much?  What's the point?  He can't help our country, we don't really think he can help others, do we? How much will this trip cost us?  Can't wait until his 4 years are up.

Obama never saw a useless trip that he didn't take....

low expections really is higher than usual results for this sorry excuse for a President.

We have low expectations too.

every day Obama is president I have low expectations

"low expectations" now that's scary as he became president with high expectations and look where that got us.

Plz, try to boost your appeal to a skeptical American public first, Mr President.

Considering who's going, I bet his expectations are higher than mine.

After ignoring and insulting Israel for 4 years and bringing the Muslin Brotherhood to power, now he wonders why it's a bigger mess?  He's not diplomatic, he can't lead (only divide), he has polarized America into black, white and brown camps.  He has no morals, no scruples, and is in love with his self-image. This is NOT my president or A president.  He is pure, unduluted evil with a charismatic smile and manner.  I hope he is not an OMEN of the future.

Nice photo...Netanyahu is thinking.....Yeah, I can take him....How many food tasters for King Obama is going on this trip?General Accounting Office: "The incremental costs of Obama's overseas trips cost an avg. of $3.6 million tax $ per day. How 'bout banning Obama's golf outings costing 'bout 3.2 mil ea outing too.Reality Check! Obama Supporters Angry at New Tax Increases on 77% of all workers making under 250k to help pay billions to support Obamas lavish lifestyle. In in the Hawaiian newspapers: Obama Lifestyle Criticized as ‘Royal’: Author Documents, $1.4 Billion Annually for Obama &amp; his family vs. only $58 Million for the royal family a yr by Brits.Why is Obama closing WH tours for kids? Why is the Obama admin running ads for 2600 new fed gov't workers, even a librarian for the Dept of Ag. while threatening to not inspect our meat?Lets close WH tours so taxpayers can give 254 million $ to renovate the Univ. of Wash.'s football stadium in Dem Sen. budget sponsor Patty Murray's state or spend 176k on the impact of cocaine on Japanese quail.Obama approval drops 11 to just 43% over his brainchild, the "sequester", in 4 polls after O took his 2nd vacate of 2013 already as we sent Obama aboard AF 1 for a Golf vac to Fla. with Tiger Woods &amp; the 1st lady to vacate in Aspen.Obama, only 316k Net Jobs added in 4 yrs vs. Reagan 16.1 mil in 4 yrs. Source: BLS, "B" Tables, Seasonally Adjusted.Bloomberg News: "the 10 largest U.S. banks by assets gets a taxpayer subsidy of $83 billion a yr, thanks to dems Frank/Dodd. To put the figure in perspective, it’s tantamount to the gov't giving the banks about 3 cents of every tax dollar collected". Cut that loophole Obama, not our kids touring the WH.Dems from LBJ (who started it all, passing a law to rob SS Trust Fund, bad loans Fannie/Freddie, Medicaid, allowing unions in gov't (even FDR warned against it) &amp; starting the welfare socialist spread the wealth road to the US becoming Greece, to Clinton, put the building blocks of this depression in place. 77% of the time, Dems have controlled the purse strings and Congress, 46 of the last 60 yrs since 1950, &amp; in the Senate by dems over 84% of the time (over 50 of the last 60 yrs. The Dem. party has had the majority in both houses over 81% of the time.Just look what "No Balanced Budgets" by Big high tax dem union gov't has done to many cities like to Det. Mich., and those that have gone bankrupt in Calif. Today Det Mich. is preparing to be taken over by the state. State of Ill, is bankrupt.It is time the richest city in the US tighten their belts too. Fed workers get payed 53% higher wages on the average than the average in the private sector. Federal Gov't workers make an average of $67,954 vs the overall average American, age 25 or older, makes only roughly $32,000 per year. Source US Census, Personnel Yearly Income.CNN: Obama's own words on you tube video. "Bush was incompetent for raising Nat Debt from 5 to 9 trillion and spending 4 trillion in just 8 shorts yrs." Obama has gone from 9 trillion to 16.7 trillion in 4 yrs. spending 7.7 trillion. Who is incompetent Obama???CBS news: Obama Has Now Increased Debt More than All Presidents from Washington Thru Bush II Combined . Obama has spent enough to have sent every senior a check for over 4 million dollars or a check of over $240,000 to every legal taxpaying family in America. DID YOU GET YOUR "FAIR SHARE"? WHERE DID ALL THAT MONEY GO?

Low expectations meaning he took his golf clubs with him.

Obama goes east to see his muslim friends and offer them more american money

THE MUSLIM KENYAN.

Anywhere Obama goes my expectations are low!

Where are all the stories about Benghazi.  Does Obama control most of the press??   Were survivals threatened and ordered not to talk about Benghazi, as they have stated.  Isnt this against the Whistle Blower law?   Maybe not with communist rule?

He want to get out of the country, does not do his job because his agenda is to destroy the US. When his lips move, he is lying. Benghazi - trying to sweep it under the rug. Destroying the military and creating his own force - Obama brown shirts. This sh*** is getting old. Congress grow some and IMPEACH this pos.

We'd be better off running our nation with a magic 8-ball than with this vague moron behind the helm. At least then decisions would get made. Obama had no plan, he is no leader.

Hope and Change = Low Expectations

On vacation again? Why not pick on China who is backing North Korea and making us look like dumbells, or Iran who mocks us as puppeteers?Obama , while you are there, find out how much of "our " SS money is going there?

For much of Obama's first term, White House officials saw little reason for him to go to the region without a realistic chance for a peace accord between the Israelis and Palestinians.Then there is no point to spend our taxes for this trip .. just Golfing !!

he leaves the U S with lower expectations, hopefully his VISA is for 4 years

Obama is running the country just like a Community leader in Chicago. Screw over anyone you can.

What? No fantasy mustache on this arrogant, sinister Jew-hating Muslim president?

Let’s say somebody were [in the White House] and they wanted to destroy this nation,”  “they would create division among the people, encourage a culture of ridicule for basic morality and the principles that made and sustained the country, undermine the financial stability of the nation, and weaken and destroy the military. It appears coincidentally that those are the very things that are happening right now.

barack would screw up a wet dream!

The BO media in full attack on the Israeli PM.  Maybe BO can stay in Lebanon or Gaza and leave us alone.

I hope he doesn't spend too much time apologizing for the U.S. and it's citizens.

[@Nicholas wrote: "Does Obama hate White people?"]Hello, he was raised in an all-white upperclass Hawaiian neighborhood by a white-bread flower child mother and socialist white grandparents.  He had to learn how to speak Ebonics.  How can an Oreo hate its own filling?Thumbs up if America wants obama to STAY THERE !

Hopefully he won't make it BACK.!!!!!!!!

I hope the Israelis have the sense to lock obuttstain up and throw away the key.  They would be doing US a HUGE favor at the same time!!

Why doesn't he just stay over there, he is doing no good over here in the U.S.A.

Obozo's finally going to the region? Someone on his staff must have identified a terrific golf course there...

If only they could take him out. Then watch the fool obiden self destruct.

.....to go golfing.

... he will have lower expectations when he returns ...

Bet Obama does not visit the Temple Mount.

The bad news is, he's coming back.PLEASE KEEP HIM THERE WHERE HE BELONGS!!!!!!!!!!!

Hope he stays there, oh don't forget your family!!!!  take pelosi and reid and biden with you too, you surely won't be missed!

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]So, help me out here.  Should I file this development under the category of "Hope," "Change" or "Forward"?Thanks.

Wish someone would give him a parachute and push him out over Kenya.

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]Of course.Why should Obama's second term be any different from his first?Flexibility after the election == Flexibility to maintain the status quo

What do you suppose Netanyahu will do for his passover sacrificial lamb?Naw, you're not thinking what I'm thinking.

I hope he stays there.

Since The Christmas Vacay in Hawaii-----What's the gas bill on Air Force One ???I lost count after $100 Million....It's now...The middle of March ...at this rate,...he will easily burn another Billion in exhaust fumes this year....Congratulations---He won.

Obama spends his time in disneyland, he spends and spends and spends, and said he could care less how much, but he don't spend on Americans, he redistributes it to his chosen few. He wants no budget, he wants freedom to tear the botton out of America.

"Obama" and "low expectations" in the same sentence.Still waiting for the great calm of peace and tranquility that was promised when Obama was elected........still waiting ........still waiting....................still

So this is a vacation with a budget crisis going on

What is Bebe thinking in the pic?

What else from a soup kitchen hand - add attendant low IQ, zero ethics, more lies ...

It's Obama, how can the expectations be anything but low?

This piece of garbage socialist President should be heading to one of our city's to figure out how to get people back to work!

More, poor me I'm helpless victim rhetoric.

BLOGGERS...We need to voice our opinions at Liberal news outlets..........................................Start blogging at MSN, Washington Post, Huffington Post...

In over 4 years has Obama paid a surprise visit to our troops in Afghanistan or Iraq?  Anyone?

He'll stop at St. Andrews on the way over and shoot a few rounds.it's kinda hard for netenyahoo to take obama serious about peace and reforms when all around him, obama is instrumental in replacing old governments with new radical extremists who hate them.....fools you are, rushing to armageddon, you all die in the valley and obama is the leader...ez 38 and 39 breaks it down, it will happen just as predicted.

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations".A second headline should be, "Citizens of the U.S. have low expectations of Obama, PERIOD!"

another wasted trip that costs millions

Well I am not sure how much lower our expectations can go for this potus! Hey, at least he seems to be working and not out playing golf.

Middle East, please keep him.

That's our Barry....low expectations. Below average results and lame excuses. We know it well.

Obama and his whole administration Suckz but don't tell the Libt(0)rds they are still on their Kool-Aid high.

It is all for show.  Obama does nothing unless it gets his mug in front of the world media.  All show and little or no action.  Working on his lack of positive image in the world.  So far he is a failure with nothing other than Obamacare to serve as a legacy.  Sad.

Obama lowers the bar so often he should be the pole setter at a training camp for handicapped pole vaulters.

i wonder if he has a girl friend over there,does muchelle knowWhat time does he tee off?

empty suit

Poor Israel they have to put up with the idiot.

Does Rodman know about this?

It's time for Obama to pay a visit to his muslim buddies. They just want to make sure Obama is on track with destroying America.. Google: now the end begins

Honestly we don't need Obama working on the US budget. he's already showed us he WILL not handle money in a way that is good for the US.But we do have N. Korea needing someone to attend to them. However he's chosen to get his lousy nose stuck in the Mid East where IT doesn't belong, and neither do WE.he needs to either take care of real business, or just go play golf. Beings he's such a lover of the "brothers" I guess he'll be right at home. Anyone else would be brought back in a body bag.

The entire word has low expectations of him except the Muslim world.

Should read Obama is taking a vacation tot he Middle East to visit his family.

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations.That's exactly what to expect from Obama .

hussein obama has a lot of class! it's all LOW but a lot of it!I pray he never makes it back here.

Keep from boiling over??? Is this the same Middle East where Egyptian Mudslime fanatics are imposing fundamentalism and where the "rebels" in Syria are attempting to do the same and where the lunatics in Iran are seeking nuclear weapons, and the fanatics in Iraq and Afghanistan are blowing up market places, and in Libya where they murder US diplomats with no repercussions- wow, Obomination is sure doing a great job, isn't he?

He's really going over to have lunch with his Muslim Brotherhood butt buddies.

Would somebody tell obamah what a dimwit he is,elected by selling the country out which takes no effort, just a few lies....

low expectations.remember when clintion almost got it done ?obama has made things worse.  he had the opportunity, got the free noble peace prize without doing anything, and squandered the opportunity.after bush, the muslim world was open to a fresh start.

Down Payment ????  This nimrod has no care what-so-ever for the Israli's and Barry has no intention of any kind of peace talks in the region !!  His precious Muslim Brotherhood and Muslim family in that part of the world are the only reason he has to go there !!  He will try to talk BeeBee out of blowing Iran off the map of the world, which would in fact be a favor to the world !!  That and he is once again avoiding more important issues here at home like a budget,dealing with the jobless problem, talking sense to congress instead of bullscript !!!  He sures knows how to hide to avoid issues and make decisions !!  Another three years of this #$%$ to go yet !!  The congress needs to react to this idiot to keep our government a republic or thepeople of the country will revolt !!  You don't realize how close we are to that actually happeningin real life !!  When it does happen I would not want to be holding a governmental position as either a congressman or a senator !!  Come on congress, get off your petoots and impeach this traitor who is trying to establish an oligarchy where we are governed only be a few, like in the Muslim world !!  Start thinking and quit following like sheep over a cliff because thats where you are headed under this administration !!!!!!

True to form, each time there is need for him to be in Washington he tucks tail and runs like a scalded dog. Apparently he didn't get his way when he attempted the false "charm" bit.

That's good because anything he touches gets worse!

There's no reason for them to have any hope if we don't here, just look at what we got stuck with , by a stolen election, that along should make them feel better

Maybe he can make it official and enlist into the Brotherhood.....Obama is wasting more borrowed money.  What a dip he is.

How does he do that?   His nose in the air, just so natural isn't it.  Another trip to no where and nothing gets done, what a farce.

Just like here at home.....nobody trusts him !!!

First President in history to actually declare he has low expectations.  You people picked a winner; way to go losers.

Here goes another $100,000,000 dollar to fly this half-breed groid around. FOR NOTHING.

North Korea is looking for their Obama Stamps.

still no jobs plan....raising taxes should make corps...eager to come home..lol

He will be welcomed with car bombing's everywhere.

His expectations should in fact be low…The middle East is less likely to be receptive to Obama’s ONLY solution for everything that is so widely embraced by the Liberal Elitists here in the US….TAX, TAX, TAX, TAX…..WASTE, WASTE, WASTE, WASTE

and do not come back.Should be a new Law. ANY president that allows 2 trillion in debt in 4 years should be banned.

All truth passes through three stages:First it is ridiculed,Second, it is violently opposed,Third, it is accepted as being self-evidentMaybe someday the sheep will open their eyes to the truth and accept how badly they have been lied to and fooled by this imposter in chief.

Tell him to stay there.

Will he visit the manger he was born in?

Obummer is the weak one in that duo......nice try with your brainwashing, AP.......typical of you

Barry's going out for some bagels and lox.

When talking about Obama its best to always have low expectations!

hmm, I almost wonder if this is Obama running away.. HA they cant ask me questions over here. Economy? hmm, I will get back to you on that, have to fly to the middle east now.

Lets see, Kerry gives 250 million with promises of another 1.5 billion to the Egyptian Brotherhood stating we have to boost their economy while we are cutting our military; border guards; airport security, etc.  What country does this administration work for?

"Obama heads to the middle east with low expectations"Do us a favor, keep him.Any chance they could keep him?  THAT would be worth foreign aid.

This will likely be another photo-op for Obama in which he will publicly declare support for Israel, shake hands and flash toothy smiles..........while in the back room he will apply pressure on Israel and make veiled threats if Israel dares try to protect herself.

Were use to low expectations... Just look at the economy

I'm sure the Middle Eastern leaders are just thrilled to have the chosen one visit.  Roads closed, golf courses closed to public, Secret Service sent ahead to line up strippers and prosties, and now they'll be expected to eat spare ribs too.

I assume he will have no Secret Service with him. Their budget isn't up to it.

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations"  You get what you put in, oh mighty leader from behind!!!  God save the USA from Obama and his puppet masters.

Obama says he has Low Expectations the Media will Call it a Major Breakthrough.

OBOZO really dose'nt know why he's there, he just thought he should go , what an idiot, what about our budget???

So Obama and Biden will both be travelling at the same time.  What would happen if both their planes crashed?  America would be saved.

Stray rocket from hamas would be nice.I think Israel should keep Obama.

I was excited to see the heading until I found out it wasn't permanent.

Good, let him go!    let his Muz buddies get him!   And try out those new Boeing battery packs on the trip!

AP--Don't expect anything from our king--he is infallible, should not be analyzed or critiqued, and we must cover for him.

He should take up permanent residence there. There are many who feel the same way. BUT, I am afraid noone wants him there either except the muslims and liberal terrorists.

Why go at all then? To accomplish what?

We have even lower expectations of Obama ever getting anything constructive done.

And we have low expectations of him accomplishing anything except squandering more of the taxpayers money.

Oh I thought he was going to Ohio to watch the NCAA basketball tournament - wrong mid-east.

Will his wife, RuPaul, be going? Or will she be off to Hawaii or Spain on money that could be used to open the White House to tours?Obama has a superiorty affect and condescends to other country leaders; look what he did with the Iraeli Prime Minister when he visited here.  What an ego!  His "sins" in trying to direct our country to socialism is going to bite him in the butt.  He is our worst president in modern times.  You say, Clinton raised taxes, but he cut spending; Obama thinks our pocketbooks are important...we can starve, which puts him in the same class as dictators.  Get rid of him!!

Don't worry about low expectations in the middle east.....President Obama Bin Lyin has extremely low expectation in the US.

Centerpiece of the trip is talking to students &amp; youth --  get the wader boots out.

Just when you think things CAN'T get any worse than they are with Obama.  I just saw a MICHELLE/HILLARY 2016 bumper sticker.  I'm not sure it could be worse, but it wouldn't be any better.

More waste of taxpayers money, pick up the phone idiot

it would be  a good start if the palestinians recognized Israel's right to exist..it's only been 65 years

DON'T COME BACK

They say a picture is worth a thousand words.  Netanyahu's glare at Obama says it all.  Israel considers Obama an enemy of the state.

The only thing worse than Obama's dishonesty are his liberal crackpot followers that believe him

Obama champions low expectations! An increasingly skeptical American middle class has felt the full negative impact of his lackluster leadership. No jobs. High unemployment. No incentives for small business development. No strong federal home mortgage support. Continuing involvement in two foreign wars. 16.4 trillion dollars of debt. Partisanship elevated to an art form. A nation divided by one man who does not have the proper skills to lead America. We expect and deserve so much more from a sitting President and sadly "sitting" is about all Obama has done while he has been in the White House Office! The next four years will tragically be more of the same.He's really going to Caesarea  the only international golf course in Israel.

In 11 days our government is facing another shut down.  So what does Obama do, he leaves the country.  How is it that Obama manages to be some where else at a time when leadership is needed in Washington.

Obama is the definition of low expectations.

More time and money wasted by the Empty Suit in Chief....

waste of valueable golf time. did world king obama think he was going to tell them to what to do ?

I just hope Mr Netanyaho doesn't believe anything obama says.  This president is setting the stage for assuming a dictatorship of the United Socialist States of America and wants to look "dictatorial" in the eyes of the world.

Why are we helping and sending billions to other nations OBama when we are cutting our own  people off answer that you piece of #$%$.

Obama is an incompetent radical liar and NO leader who can't get anything done.

I have "low expectations" for him ever doing anything meaningful. him being president only proves to me how stupid America really is in voting for him. It also shows me that their is no hope for the US getting any better. The stupid people can not be reasoned with because they think they know better. I mean these idiots still blame Bush for all the problems even though Obama is going on his 5th yr as president.

Watch out Nety, Barackula is coming to getchya..My expectaions were very low when you took office both times...and so far you have met them,Obama,,stay home and go golfing..it's what you do best...spend!

I quote the presidential advisor: "This is not about accomplishing anything now"Perhaps there are some golf courses to visit?

If we can get 1000 "likes" on Facebook he'll stay there. Vote now!

There is no grand solution to be had.  Both sides will not rest until the other side if gone from the planet.  Personally, I would rather find another planet and let them fight over what is left of this one for the rest of eternity.  Here is an idea.  Why don't we just evict everyone from Jerusalem and turn it into a big museum.  Have scheduled tours and build a 50 foot wall all the way around it.  The only other real solution is to leave it a glowing hole in the ground that no one wants to fight over anymore.

Low expectations is an under statement when it comes to IME Teflon Obama.

Just look at our president.  I realize the media tries to make him look holy, but he looks like he suffers from autisim.

Lowered expectations....great ad for Obama

Most Americans have low expectations of Obama also.

I'm sure it's Bush's fault :)

Somebody frisk him...hes probably got another check with him for Israel.The White House is covering their butt before another fail Obama foreign policy meeting takes place.

God has already written the future. To date, the bible is 100% accurate in all prophecy. That same God has said in the last days, He will make Jerusalem a burdensome stone, and any nation that tries to lift it will be Destroyed. He says it is HIS LAND, and if any nation tries to divide HIS land they will also be destroyed. Google Fema Disasters, and American Presidents demanding Israel Divide. It is no longer a 'coincidence' but a list that is overwhelming in exact timing and purpose. DONT MESS WITH ISRAEL.

Hopefully it's a one way flight.

make sure his Secret Service stays behind to gaurd the WH tours

Has Congress budgeted for a new AF one because this one has gotten all worn out from vacation trips.  Someone please check Kelly Blue Book for trade in value so the next President who has a more serious attitude toward America can get a new plane that isn't run into the ground by ghetto crawlers.

Please inform the Muslim Brother hood that all those planes and tanks that Obama gave them will have to sit idle while he's over there demonizing BB.  Kerry will find the most desirable places for Egypt to invade Israel and then report back to Morsi with another few billion $ to incentivize them to invade Israel....Obama hates Israel like you wouldn't believe.

judging from how his more intelligent countrymen treat him,he should have no expectations at all, this is just another vacation for him.

foreign policy? master of wishful thinking.

"This is a down payment trip"...guess he's carrying Americas check book in his back pocket..or is it the over extended credit card program of diplomacy!  Wonder how senior citizens are going to starve on this foolhardy mission..."no results" trip.

Poor expectations, that about sums up our next four years with Obama.maybe they will keep him there.

What does Rodman have to say?

Gotta go hand out with his friends in the Muslim Brotherhood.

How about no expectations. This President is the do nothing president and he gets away with it. no body can do anything about it or they will be a racist. Well I am an american and this guy is a complete disgrace.

And now a little Korean chia pet headed tin pot dictator is schooling our all drama Obama our first reality tv president.

what do you expect from a low expectation dem.

How many weeks of White House tours is THIS trip going to cost?

This president has exceeded all my expectations of a loser!!! He is a true loser!!!

I've had low expectations from the moment Obozo started campaigning.  Nothing new here.

Liberal press lowers the bar for the mess Obama has created. By all means, let's not hold him responsible nor expect him to actually accomplish anythingHe's gonna go kiss rings and bow to kings.  Maybe they can convince him to stay.

His second term is a low expectation

oh hell it it aint nothing but a another photo opp and an expensive vacation.

Just to clarify: We always have low expectations about anything Obama does

Not nearly as low as those who love America towards him.

I wonder if NFL players go into games with low expectations.

Obama may have low expectations, but Israel should have no expectations. Obama will negotiate Iran into a dangerous nuclear power and every other Middle East nation will also be one.

I'm sure that the Mid-Eastern folk have learned to also have "low expectations" from this so-called "world leader".

Low expectations.......now he knows how we feel about him

Can they keep him please............................more money we don't have for veterans, elderly, retired going down the tubes on a wasted trip for a wasted non leaderObama doesn't think we have financial problems, with the exception of him not getting to spend more; so as far as he's concerned why not spend a boatload of money on a trip where he doesn't accomplish a thing. Remember "there is no debt crisis" from earlier this week?

Obama is the friggin king of low expectations.

Of course there are low expectations of Obama. He supported and armed Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood government, nominated an antisemite Secretary of Defense, and buys time for Iran to develop nukes. What do you expect?

We thought he was adept--turns out he's inept.

Here an idea - Let's stop borrowing money from China to give in foreign aid to mid-east countries.

Nothing more than lip service. Actions speak louder. This POTUS is incapable of making hard decisions unless it involves spending others money or creating laws hobbling business growth.

obama is low expections. He can't force his bull on them so he won't get nothing done. What a joke the president is!

I hope he doesn't come back.

Please take your time.

Is he taking the sheboon &amp; the sheboonettes?Is cool, I never had high expectations of Obama

When low expectations are your goal....Obamas just the guy to deliver.

Obama and the Socialist Democrats are far more dangerous to the USA than any Muslim...

Barry will throw some more money at Israel, problem solved.

What is he going for,I don't think they will give him money for his library,another boondoggle ?

Why wouldn’t Barack salute the American flag?It was ours.

Got to hand it to Obama, he knows how to work 'em.He gets the Nobel Peace Prizes, and the world gets the shaft.

I think it would be funny as hell if Netanyahu told Oblama, "Sorry, I don't have time to meet with you now, I'm campaigning at the moment and have a more important engagement on The View!"

Bumper sticker on Air Force One..."I'd rather be golfing"

I've had low expectations out of this man from the moment he took office the first time.  My expectations went even lower his second time around.obama cuts = wh tours

Stay there with your brothers, Obuma!!

First Obama weakened Netanyahu....then Obama weakens himself...LOSER !!!

I don't think this president knows how to negotiate anything. I find him to be quite arrogant and stubborn; not ecactly traits needed for diplomatic negotiations.

He he goes to Irael.....low expectationsIf he stays in the United States....low expectation

"His goal will be trying to keep the troubles, from Iran's suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians, from boiling over on his watch."........ pretty much sums it up for the Pres. Iran has been thumbing their nose at Pres. Obama for almost 5 yrs. now and he still doesn't get it. It is Irans mission to start something on his watch.

The media twisting news to make Obama look good is RACKATEERING. Bob Woodward should be taken seriously. He needs to come clean on Libya.

Stay there.

Obama is making an excuse before he makes an excuse.

[@Sandy wrote: "I guess you just can't stand it that your buddy Bush is wanted internationally for war crimes."]  When did it happen, Sandy?  When did libs go from proclaiming a "new golden era of good government," to just sighing and saying, "Bush was no better, so Obama deserves a pass"?TALK ABOUT LOWERING THE BAR.He doesn't have a clue and i wonder if Isreal will snub him like he did to Isreals PM during his campaign

didn't know we had so many idiots,,,,,,till they voted

Bush was called Un-American for 4.7 trillion in debt. Obama must really hate America bad.

Let's see: Obama intervened in Libya because they have oil. Is not intervening in Syria because they don't have oil. Has just approved $250 million in aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt. Has left Iraq(a war the U.S. never should have started) a mess. Iran is, according to President Obama, less than a year from having nuclear weapons. Israel hasn't seen hostility from the U.S. simce Jimmy Carter was president. Yeah, he has worked hard to bring the Middle East together. NOT!

I hate to see Barack throwing away money on golf and Mitch and the kids headed off for more skiing, BUT right now I would much rather have a weekend of that than Barack headed off  to "make peace".

And he will return to america in the same fashion!    Bummer

I hope he won't come back

"His first priority will be resetting his oft-troubled relationship with now-weakened Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu"THE RELATIONSHIP OBAMA IS TRYING SO OBVIOUSLY TO DESTROY?

the devil nor the Lord Jesus will not enter you house unless you invite them

Make sure he has to go thru customs and ask him for his birth certificate or some REAL ID that he didn't have photoshopped up, that POS POTUS marxist dirt bag jack hole.We know where he is coming from.

Low expectations wiht bama is the only way to expect.It will be an interesting trip for him, he'll find out first hand that there is anohter Cairo outside illinois.

Then why are you wasting your time and money going over?

Foot dragger In chump

Low expectations? With his credibility in the region the title should read No expectations!

At least he will get to kiss a lot of Muslim as- this week with more bowing and scraping to the Saudies.

I had low expectations when this guy was re elected.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now." - What an excellent description of 0bama's time in office.  It would make a perfect sentence to describe his legacy.

Obama heads to the Middle East in hopes of finding a new Islamic gay lover

he doesn't have a clue how to fix this country much less anyone else's. how in hell did we get this clown back in office?I doubt that people in the muslim (or Israel) countries will have much respect for Obama...a man who is for gay marriage. A man sold out to the gays for some votes.

is this the Obama that promised jobs?  lower deficit?  transparency?  Obama knows Yiddish words for "trust me" ... starts with an F and ends with a U

Heading to the middle east to visit his Islamic buddies, like the true Muslim that he is.

going there to burn some American flags-since YOU ARE ANTI AMERICAN MUSLIM DIRT!

That $600B that he received from taxing white people is burning a hole in his pocket so he needs to give it to his muslim brethren

good riddance

I sure hope that he doesn't get assassinated over there...

A far cry from those heady days when just before and after the 2008 election everything was gonna be honky dorry cause the ohmessiah was in charge.So much for walking on water.

Watch Bibi throw the black banana boat boy under the bus ... again

Do you think this is because his popularity has been going down hill?I'm sure Obama will tell everyone he meets with that all the problems were created by Bush!

Israel, i'm sure has very low expectations of Obummer as most Americans do considering he is a terrorrist.

Stay there Obama.  America doesn't need your "leadership."

Amazing how liberal buffoons believe in this fraud.

He could fund White House tours for twenty years on what this worthless, campaigning, waste of OUR money will cost!!!!

Yes the difference  on the Obama side is that he doesn't care if Iran wipes out Israel he doesn't care anything for Israel.Obama has thrown them under the bus the whole four years he has been in office.No o one has high expectations for Obama to do anything right the next 4 years..So far he has done what everyone has expected that is nothing.We are waiting for him to show some leadership.

Bibi instructed Axlerod to tell Barry not, under any circumstance, to call him Bro. And, to make sure he takes his Gas X pill before any meeting.

Try the matzah ball soup.

We are taking up a collection that will force him to stay there. After all, a budget is not important. Obama is expecting the American Media to keep up his fight to raise taxes while he is gone

He might have been a great community organizer. Since then he's been a total bust.Thomas, he dosen't want to fix the budget either! He thinks he has already fixed it.

Can't have White House tours or college grants for veterans, but a "low expectations" trip to the middle east is worth the money! Yeesh.

Barry Wispering to the french dude...... Isreal lies almost as much as we do.

Rome still burning, nero off again, LOW EXPECTIONS no problem hes had them all his life lets see who he bows and kneels to this time

ILL. yesterday trying to dig up another couple million dollars. Now it's off to the Middle East to solve there problems. Maybe it's better he stays away, we might be able to save some tax dollars NOT....

if da boy is invovled,everyone has low expectations.send him home back home with the rest of the sheeeeet.........

He's never really left.

Wonder what he will screw up this time.......how much is this going to cost........won't be his fault you can bet on that...................

How much will this ride cost us?

Who will he be apologizing to this time? What empty threats will he be making? How much money will he promise if sworn enemies pretend to get along?hussein O-Baloney needs to get lost in the desert over there

We have learned over the last 4 years that anything Obama is involved with we should have LOW EXPECTATIONS ; the ignorant muslim terrorist hasn't accomplished anything except the destruction of our economy and now our military !  GET RID OF THE MUSLIM TERRORIST OBAMA !!!!!

With suitcases full of handout money!

How much money will Obama spend &amp; pledge on this trip? Maybe it should start coming out of his own pocket. That would put an end to his wild spending sprees.

Israel, once he's there, keep him, please.

A big waste of fuel. a phone call would have served the purpose.

Obama is the wrong man to go to the middle east.

Wouldn't it be ironic if a Palestinian rocket landed on him?

Low expectations because he's only going for political appeasement reasons.

Israel, we send you a turd, sorry.There is an easy solution.  Just walk away from it and let them kill themselves.  No more aid either.  Keep the money here at home where it belongs.

We all have low expectations for Obama.  He is a failure as a President both in the US Economy and in Foreign Affairs.

what do you expect..him to take Israel's side against his Muslim counterparts?...dream on.this is Barry your talkin about.

The Apology Tour Part 2!!!

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]This is not about accomplishing anything now.This is not about accomplishing anything ever.This is about showing up and voting Present.

Obama heads into his second term with low expectations...from the American people...

Thats because he is too stupid to know what to do or what to say. So just stay home and keep your mouth shut and save the taxpayers money............

How the U.S. can offer assistance?? More money we don`t have to give away! The remark about not accomplishing anything..They hit the nail on the head that time..He has accomplished nothing but unrest in everything he has done in the last 4 yrs!!

Bummer ;(.......  I thought it said ... "obama's head sent to middle east'  ,,, why cant we get some news about obama for change.

Weren't Punch and Judy sock puppets too?Just ANOTHER neglect of his duties to US &amp; OUR country. Good news is that while he is out burning MILLIONS OF OUR DOLLARS in SPITE OF HIS SEQUESTER, his destruction of US &amp; OUR country should be lessened while he is gone.

This "Drama Queen" and his friendly media has another issue to take credit for fixing or blame someone else.  Anybody but Obama would be roasted by the media and most of the public.  Maybe the public is catching on since Obama's rating has dropped substantially.

Quick...while obama is gone everyone go to the whitehouse and claim squatters rights.

IsraelPlease Keep HimWe don't want him.

The muslim returns to his homeland...................................

Obama should go to Libya while he's there, Benghazi, to check it out.

St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland. Wonder if he could drive the snake out of the whitehouse?

Perfect time for a drone attack from "unknown sources"

Wait till he gets control of congress AmeriKa!

Netanyahu is looking at him like...How is this chimp able to speak.Well if Obama lived up to his "expectations" he'd be shining Netanyahu's shoes and that's about it.

Bad news! President Obama should not commit to anything. U.S. needs a policy of non-intervention in order to rebuild itself.

It's all for show, again!!!

I really hope he forgets to take his passport when he flies back.

I always have low expectations for Obama because he is the most idiotic President we've ever had.  Obama won't accomplish anything on this trip or any other trip because he can't compromise.  He always wants everything his way.

When you approach something with Low Expectations---1-That's exactly what you get LOW RESULTS.  This is the most INEPT "LEADER" on the planet.  Even a Freshman in business school has a better grasp for reality than this MORON--The FOODSTAMP PRESIDENT.

Since America is the only country in the world that can be bought off with obamaphones, barack is uselesss anywhere else.

Net knows owebama  is dishonest and can't be relied upon. He is in a tough position. I can't for the life of me understand how Jews in the US can support owebama. He will stick a knife in Israel's back.

Hopefully the tali-ban gets his AS-..................................

anywhere you go will be low expectations , you are such a low life .............I loved it when Bibi publicly #$%$ him on live TV a couple of years ago.

I've had no positive expectations or hopes for Israel since the assassination of PM Rabin!

Finally, he is being realistic about his skills.

Why does this second term president hold the record for unpopularity?

thats ok i have low expectations of him here too.

Expectations are low because they told Obrumbles his teleprompter couldn't go!

Obama heads into his second term with low expectations from the 48%

Obama has low expectations regarding just about everything. Oh, he's a wonderful campaigner, and can talk the feathers off a chicken, but he accomplishes little that is beneficial and almost nothing successful..

What a great attitude.  This guy is an IDIOT.

Wow!  And this is coming from a Nobel Peace recipient?  Since 2008 I have been embarassed to be an American.  On another note, I love the "eat s h  it" look on Netanyahu's face.Gonna look for a picture of FDR and show my kids what a leader looks like

Another apology tour.

Ovomit is the low expectation........................

Wonder if he been practicing his bowing technique?

There has to be a golf course in Israel, or he wouldn't go.

With any luck, maybe he will just stay with his vuslim brotherhood friends!!!  They can have the POS!!!!

The People and governments in the Middle East have the same low expectations.

A hundred President's from now we will still be wasting our time and money trying to help straighten out the Middle East. Being Contrary is it's hobby.

More showmanship!!!  Obama could care less about Israel!!    Obama is just to plain stupid to realize how Important Israel is!!!     Besides, Obama is ONLY interested in distroying America, by doing end runs around the Constitution, spending money and Making America a SOCIALIST country!!!  Ah... only good part... is less than 4 years to go with this  AMMORAL person!!

AIR FORCE ONE - please disappear over the bremuda triangleProbably Obama knows that they do not trust him.

Maybe he will STAY there!  Good riddence!

If this is so important to AliBama then why did he wait for four years to even visit Israel? He's been with the Palistinians several times now. So sad to see him lose a golf game.

Thats what we like in a leader, plan on failure before even starting.

Still can't believe 51 percent of Americans[ don't forget illegals] voted him back in... America has lost it.. The walls are crumpling over Rome.

Obama heads back to America, with Americans having low expectations.

He scared to death of a meeting without a teleprompter.

Humm, I thought it was the job of the Secretary of State to travel like this and let the President concentrate on the problems of the USA.  Oh, yes the other clown John Kerry is Secretary of State. Low expectations are what is expected of CO (Clueless Obama).

Obama ='s a Mistake just waiting to Happen.

In the best Affirmative Action spirit, we should celebrate Obama's timidity, inertia and low expectations.  I say we paste a gold star on his Nobel Peace Prize for his heart being in the right place.  A gold star, because a smiley-face sticker would be too large."This is not about accomplishing anything now." - the obama theme song -  just four more years of the same old nonsense

Just a waste of time and OUR money. He is such a failure.

Headline next week-'President Obama returns to U.S. with low expectations'

No single human being on this planet contributes more CO2, more polutants, or has a higher carbon foot print than this skuumm right here...If this jerqwad does'nt have an airliner in the air, burning fuel,.... his worthless ole lady does.No single human being contributes more to the global warming he so worries about...then his ownaz.If he really believed, or cared about global warming...why would he fly back and forth to Hawaii, three times in one week ??His entire existence is hypocritical deception &amp; filth.So don't believe for one second..... his dumping $200 Million into another Sewerpipe dream, is for your benefit.How many times do we have to go over this lesson, before we get it Boys and Girls ???

It's a well known fact that obama hates Israel and Jews.

obama is a low expectation

Obama thinks he so smug, they know his lies very well, they know Obama sends arms and cash to their enemies Netanyahu, is not as stupid as Obama thinks he is.  Netanyahu is not a liberal sheep, he out smarts Obama ten fole. Obama wastes his time with lies to Israel. He can play games with Americans, fooling anyone else is much harder.

Obama goes with low expectations???Well now he knows how a whole lot of Americans feel about his track record as a leader!Never thought we'd have a President that made Jimmy Carter look good!

Obama doesn't deserve to tie Netanyahu's shoes.  Netanyahu lives his life surrounded by fanatics that try to kill him daily.  Obama lives his life trying to kill everyone's normal daily life.

And don't let the door hit you in the #$%$ on the way out !P.S.&gt; Don't come back. You've done enough damage here. Go play on a Prayer Rug w/ ur'e buddies with the towels and goats !Netanyahu will not believe the LIAR-IN-CHIEF from his past actions this fraud has (sc)rewd too many of our allies. The 47% + 4% fraudulent voters are the only people stooped  enough to believe this guy

this azhl hasn't been in D.C. 7 days running, since he got re-elected...

May he free fall w/o a chute since the GOP is gutlessto begin an IMPEACHMENT on his Marxist carcass.

Hey Obama, you didn't build these low expectations...  Somabody else made that happen.  Right?

Time to apologize and bow again, you Socialist garbage!

Where were all these angry, disgusted, fed up with Obama people I'm running into everyday at work now (I meet 100s of people a week for work and they're vocal) back on November 6, 2012 when your country needed you? Not voting was just as bad as voting for Obama.

If Barry feels nothing will come of it, then why pi$*$ off the money to go. Stay home and use a video conference.

What a great leader this man is.  The headline might as well of read, "Obama Goes Into His Second Term With Low Expectations."

Wonder how many of his muslim bosses he will bow to on this trip.

obozo is mental; you can expect chaos...IMPEACH

If he can't get any money from the trip to fund his food stamp and welfare programs, his expectations are surely going to be low!  He can't be N-word rich unless he get's other peoples money.

The middle east can keep him.

I find it hard to read some of the story lines on Obama, He just has not delivered anything to the American people. He is all talk and no action !  can't wait until he is gone.

Obama couldn't lead his butt down a hall.

Maybe he will stay in the middle east , We really don't want him back...

Low Expectations.  Why in the hell go in the first place?  Spending a few million dollars that could be spent better here at home.  What an idiot.

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations" - Good choice Bonzo.  You set the bar low enough, you'll never be disappointed.  No wonder you think you're doing a good job.

When Obama is involved in anything, low expectations are the normal.

Just leave America's check book.....We can't afford anymore of your irresponsible generosity!I hope they keep him there.

Makes sense since many have no expectations for him

The anti-Israel con man is going to Israel.  What a bad joke!

whats with Clinton and Obama messing with SS... FDR would slap them..

wow this is news? when one thinks of Obama one thinks of low expectations--obama is a failure

what Nancy did not go?

whose a basturd and self made man?

He's right to have low expectations, afterall HE'S going there.

"A pen in the hand of this president is far more dangerous than a gun in the hands of 300 million law-abiding citizens

Netanyahu is twice the leader Obama thinks he is...Low expectations of low information voters is what keeping this cretin relevant.....

He's going with low expectations and a pocket full of Billion dollar bills.

Just wonder Netanyahu is going to lecture him, again, about leadership.

With any luck the sequester cuts will apply to Air Force One travel while he is over there and  the anointed one won't be able to get back.

Interesting how the Dem party has been hijacked by the radical Obama extremists, taking a 180 turn around in direct conflict with it's once patriotic stance;JFK was a strong supporter of Israel, a Catholic, and anti- Communist; Obama is funding his Muslim brotherhood to destroy Israel, constantly attacks the Catholic church and was a member of the Communist Party of Chicago, AKA "The Party".

All I can tell the middle east is, Tell Obama you are Broke, dont tell him you have money, and do not talk to him about doing your budget. WONT HAPPEN. When he leaves, you will be broke.

Please keep him-he will be much happier amongst his Muslim bretheren in say Jordan or Saudi Arabia. he loves to bow down to Muslim trash too!

Obama to the middle east " FOOOUURRR"

Maybe the Mideast will keep him....

Does Obama ever take a picture with his mouth closed ?Obama get ready to be shystered, by unscrupulous individuals.

While Obama and Hillary were busy undermining america, GIVING our fighter aircraft, tanks, and BILLIONS of our tax dollars to Israel's enemies, Obama's Muslim Brotherhood, here's a quote from a patriotic WW II hero who would strongly disagree with them;"Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom."... John F. Kennedy

America no longer expects Obama to accomplish anything either.

you giving out phones to your bros?

is there an afro/muslim party? low expectations? your boy friend not coming with you?

Just another vacation with golf. Obamma is useless. Thanks O voters

wow !! really good attitude !!

He'll make a vacation out of the trip....

After 37 years of studying politics, both formally and informally, i can tell you right now what they're going to talk about--they're hammering out the details of an invasion on Iran. Wanna bet?

Obama/Hagel aren't really visiting Israel with any sincerity, they are over there to support Iran and its dirty business. His trip is about his brand of world politics.  Obama could care less about "principles",  the Palestinian OR Israeli people.Umm sir, the country you are President of could use a LEADER. I know that usually means go on vacation, but for once, how about you LEAD.

That picture makes it look like Ben is trying to determine which side of his mouth Obama is talking out of.

How  Many  Billions  of  Aid  are  You  going  to  Give ?  Since   Giving  Tanks  and  Planes  to  The  Muslim  Brother - Hood ;  Egypt .??

It will be a great doy for America when Barack Obama has slithered off back to underneath his rock in Chicago or Hawaii either one thwey can have his corrupt #$%$ in all his meaningless arrogant communist full glory. Or he can go lay beside Hugo Chavez on display drawing flies and talk about things that should have been in the commie world. Who cares just get the )(ell out of Washington and take all your #$%$ bag progressive criminal hand picked goons with you..

Playin   any  Golf  There  .?

We have multi TRILLION dollar deficits caused by his administration and he's taking another trip.....   Really?

[@Beenthere wrote: "What a bunch of whiners. Obama is doing a great job."]When Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Egypt last year, her motorcade was attacked by angry crowds of women who pelted the vehicles with sandals and tomatoes.  They were not Islamists.  Quite the contrary: they were secularists who blamed the Obama administration whose feckless, ideologically-driven foreign policy supported a revolution that culminated in the rise of the Islamists in Egypt.FACT.

how much money does he have in his pocket this time for the muslim brotherhood ?

Hopefully, he won't make this another apology tour.

this guy cannot stay in washington and do his job...americans should have low expectations of him...he is wortless as a presidentI was just wonder if this happens to anyone else. The number of comments right now is 1840 i leave a comment and it gets put in the middle or some were like that. I never get to see my comments anymore. I was just wondering if they was doing that to everybody.

Sets low expectations and fails to achieve them.

And this suprises you ? Low expectations are the norm for Obuttwad ! To expect mediocre or average is dreaming.......and to expect excellence would violate core communist beliefs !

He spends three hours with congress, when he doesn't get what he wants, he decides to romp of to the middle east and kiss some more #$%$, why do we have a forien minister for? So spoiled little brat can jet off when he does'nt get his way here, I'm still waiting for the impeachment or is everyone in congress afraid of him now because he has built up walls around him to keep anyone from doing anything.

Not to many ( except the kool ade drinkers ) have anything but low expectations about Obama and his administration

Is it 'bow and apologize' time again, already ? Or is this still part of his Taking The Oath World Tour?

Mr Netanyahu a whole lot of Americans feel Obama is a DIPSH*T.

Why does Obama hate Jews so much.  Must be his liberal upbringing.

Truthrevealed is a computer bot from iran

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations"As it should be expected, Isreal doen't like Muslims, even if one is the American President.what will he screw up now.

Next to a real leader like Netanyahu 0bama looks like the arrogant, immature, paranoid, (where is my food taster) petulant child he is.

Obama is a joke.

Obama you've managed to increase the food stamp rolls by 40% to 48 million Americans.  You've managed to increase the welfare rolls 32%.  You managed to increase the number of dying counties from 1 in 4 in 2009  to 1 in 3 in 2013. Your inflation is creating havoc on families trying to survice in yourso called growing economy.You have no budget and have managed to create a debt crisis that has our government unstable.  You've managed to create a situation where our government is on the verge of shutting down every few months and yet your talk is on giving even more money to anti American groups.That's leadership failure by any standard even your own standard that you expressed in you speech on the perils of raising the debt limits.

I am sure they do not expect anything from Obumma too!

the anti america tour;he's going to plant the seeds of his jihad. bow to muslim kings again. advance his brothers positions, and put isreal at a disadvantage. he's not going to do anything about irans,or north koreas nuclear because, he wants them to get nuclear weapons to use against the u.s., isreal and their allies.other than that, he's mearly going on a homeland vacation. you watch and see. i'll guarantee it.

"LOW EXPECTATIONS" are what is expected of his entire presidency, and have been his results. Seriously, what has this fraud accomplished, besides dividing the country, doubling the national debt, and implementing socialism every chance he has?

Waste of time &amp; money ...We already know what Bibi is saying ! You willnot find peace there ....

news flash obama: my low expectations of you are confirmed.

In all nations and all faiths we are plagued by humans which follow useless ideologies and take themselves and their “causes” far too seriously…….and ruin life for the rest of us through their ignorance.What will be said when he thinks the mic is off...

Of course you know this website is monitored by big brother .

Obama just wants to make sure all that money he's giving to anti-Americans groups is being used to its fullest.

I think we all already were aware of that one !

Sure, why not. He has this country in turmoil...time to step out of the picture and go tend to some other country. What a joke we have living in our White House!

a waste of tax payer money.

Homecoming...

When it comes to low expectations that's our president. However, he's exceeded everyone's expectations regarding spending our money. Said one thing to get elected and promptly spent, spent and spent some more.

Only six golf games scheduled on this trip. Evidently that reflects the low number of good golf courses in most of the Mideast outside the UAE. I'd guess he won't be playing Benghazi National this go round.

Although I understand the importance of reassuring Israel the US support, and fix the "unfriendly" relationship between Obama and Netanyahu in particular, is this a priority at the moment? Really? No money for anything, money to be cut to the military benefits, but the travel expenses to go to the middle east right now is a must?Gosh, when the libertuds are going to open their eyes and see that Obama doesn't care about the people of this country, only the votes to keep him and the democrats in power.You cant get any closer to a deal than the Camp David accord with Arafat. Evrything he asked for and he turned it down, So Obama , what ARE your expectations? Maybe gun control in Israel?

Quick...Close the borders.

0=zer0 nothing empty negative hate division. Class warfare racist lying fraud activist anti american no leadership #$%$ america....thats what we expect of Obama

In the picture above, I wonder what Netanyahu is thinking to himself as he looks at Obama. Anyone want to guess?

Another wasted trip to talk to people who obviously do not want peace.  Stay home and work on our problems which have been ignored for years because we worried about other countries first, and far too many of them.

If this is the case, then, why go at all? The Middle East is a mess with one nation at war and then another. It just keeps going on and on while these idiots and morons in the U.S. Government continuing to give aid in the forms of food, money, and re-building their nations at the cost of the 50% of those who actually pay any taxes at all in America. Ridiculous!

Then why go...use Skye or the phone if necessary!!!

Maybe he'll walk on water for them.

Great words for Netanyahu to read, he must be pumped now!

Hope and Change has given way to Low Expectations.He's most likely getting instructions on what he should do to America next from Ahmadinejad .

"low expectations"...exactly how we feel about obama.

I am sure as he flies over egypt he will drop  billions more of our tax dollars to his fellow members of the Muslim brotherhood.

Then why go?

What a phony ,he can't make a budget, he can't make a stand on anything,the only thing he is good at is putting the blame on other people.

High Expectation is that they keep him there

On his returns to the U.S we will have even lower expectations.

Is Mr. "I Defame Vietnam Vets" Kerry going along too so he can survey the landscape and tell Israel they shouldn't have a red line?

My expectations were low in 2008 when this miserable moron was elected.

Mr. President, If you set your goals too low, you are bound to fail!There'd be higher expectations of Dennis Rodman.

Negative mindset. Don't bother going then.

Corrupt Illegal Muslim Dictator Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations

That is what we usually get from Obama low expectations. What else is new

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations" Now that's what I call an Overstatement. Do they play Golf over there.

Is the bamer going to bring his food taster?

low expectations from Onihilist. imagine that......................

Low expectations and Obama go hand in hand.

So basically it's another campaign trip on the taxpayer's dime.

Oh He's Going to see His Buddies In the Muslim Brotherhood,Maybe he can get some of our money back..or Fighter Jets backNice attitude

I would like to see maintenance records for AirForce One.  The next President will be in the market for a new one. Will Obama be visiting the troops,while he is in that neck of the woods?

Headline  should read: "Obama Heads to Middle East with Low Expectations, While Middle East Awaits Obama with Even Lower Expectations!"

"Michael Oren, the Israeli ambassador to the U.S., tried to play down any division on the Iranian issue ahead of Obama's trip."Israel, like many millions of Americans, is simply trying to survive Obama.

King oumgbama arrives in Israel:"OK folks, now let's get down to business. Where's the golf course and what's for dinner?"

A waste of money but he gets to meet with his friends.

Obama Lovers think Big Oil make gas prices go higher.  If you tell one printing more money is making the dollar lose value and is whats driving the cost up they look at you lost LOL

90% of black people voted for Obama because he is black. FACT.

What you mean the savior in chief isn't?

Love to see a video of this guy in an orange jumpsuit.We have no budget cuts nor plans... The economy isn't getting any better... Give weapons away to Egypt... Yep its time for a litle vaca Joe.

Just a word to Netanyahu, nuc Iran before they nuc you and don't wait for our idiot President to declare they now have a bomb and we can't do anything about it!!  Netanyahu, by this time you know that Obama is a liar delux do not believe anything he tells you.  He has repeatedly lied to the American people time and time again to get elected to office.  Do what you have to to protect your people.

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]Change We Can Believe In.Ready another Nobel Peace Prize.LOL, what tools.

Unfortunately, I have low expectations Obama will stay there.

We can only hope Iran kidnaps Obama. I am sure we can't afford the ransom.

I bet Obama brought his golf clubs, but has low expectations that he will get to use them.

Why dont he stay home and try to fix everything he screwed up in the last four years.

A Muslin going to Muslin country.

I've had low expections for Nitwit in Chief for four years now.  He hasn't even met the low bar are set for the clown.

air force cuts back on training and the idiot in charge flies off into the sun set.  Israel must have some good golf coursesShow 'em your phony Nobel Barry...that will get you in the door.

Well at least his expectations are consistent with ours....

Will Barry have to requisition his testicles from Michelle before the trip?

Obama after your "Low Expectation Vacation" just stay there, you serve no real purpose here, other than to Tax &amp; Spend.

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]That's been his theme for four years, so why change?

"he won't be seeking any grand resolution for the region's vexing problems."  Sounds like he's talking about the US.

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations, since he has managed to show weakness, #$%$ both sides off and not fine no reck time for golf and the like.   At least he isnt here.

hope he is kidnapped and held for ransom.  Hell no we would not ransom him

low expectations?  really? That is the same we have of you mr. president. We would not even guess you would do more. We are getting more used to a do nothing president!!! I am surprised you would even bother going over there....oh wait. Must all be political.

Please stay there Oblameo and dont come backI hope the Jewish folks ( especially in this country ) don't fall for none of the BS he likes to dish out when he wants support from certain groups ...

Maybe, if we are lucky, he won't come back

Obama's legacy will be high taxes, high unemployment, high number of americans on food stamps, high spending, higher debt.  What do you get when you roll it all up?  LOW EXPECTATIONS

It's about time. Obama seems to be afraid to visit our troops and other places that don't have the 5 star lushness and security he adores.

After giving millions to anti American and anti Israeli groups, Obama is going to Israel to explain the benefits of his actions to Israel.  I think Obama is going to be in for a big surprise, the Israeli's aren't as stupid as the Obama's supporters.

I always have low expectations of Pres Obama

What does Obama know about the middle east except to support Muslim groups that hate the United States and lie and cover up about Benghazi?!  The blood of four Americans, two ATF agents and border guard Bryan Terry are on his hands!  Obama should be impeached!

I LOVE the headline up there that says "President Obama Focuses on Energy Spending while GOP Eyes Budget"...that's a good one. All his other "energy spending" went down the toilet, so what is his next card trick?

Sure wish they would keep his sorry muslim #$%$ over there. But then again most of them can't stand him either.  can't say i blame them, we can't either.

How many food tasters for King Obama is going on this trip?General Accounting Office: "The incremental costs of Obama's overseas trips cost an avg. of $3.6 million tax $ per day. How 'bout banning Obama's golf outings costing 'bout 3.2 mil ea outing too.Reality Check! Obama Supporters Angry at New Tax Increases on 77% of all workers making under 250k to help pay billions to support Obamas lavish lifestyle. In in the Hawaiian newspapers: Obama Lifestyle Criticized as ‘Royal’: Author Documents, $1.4 Billion Annually for Obama &amp; his family vs. only $58 Million for the royal family a yr by Brits.Why is Obama closing WH tours for kids? Why is the Obama admin running ads for 2600 new fed gov't workers, even a librarian for the Dept of Ag. while threatening to not inspect our meat?Lets close WH tours so taxpayers can give 254 million $ to renovate the Univ. of Wash.'s football stadium in Dem Sen. budget sponsor Patty Murray's state or spend 176k on the impact of cocaine on Japanese quail.Obama approval drops 11 to just 43% over his brainchild, the "sequester", in 4 polls after O took his 2nd vacate of 2013 already as we sent Obama aboard AF 1 for a Golf vac to Fla. with Tiger Woods &amp; the 1st lady to vacate in Aspen.Obama, only 316k Net Jobs added in 4 yrs vs. Reagan 16.1 mil in 4 yrs. Source: BLS, "B" Tables, Seasonally Adjusted.Bloomberg News: "the 10 largest U.S. banks by assets gets a taxpayer subsidy of $83 billion a yr, thanks to dems Frank/Dodd. To put the figure in perspective, it’s tantamount to the gov't giving the banks about 3 cents of every tax dollar collected". Cut that loophole Obama, not our kids touring the WH.Dems from LBJ (who started it all, passing a law to rob SS Trust Fund, bad loans Fannie/Freddie, Medicaid, allowing unions in gov't (even FDR warned against it) &amp; starting the welfare socialist spread the wealth road to the US becoming Greece, to Clinton, put the building blocks of this depression in place. 77% of the time, Dems have controlled the purse strings and Congress, 46 of the last 60 yrs since 1950, &amp; in the Senate by dems over 84% of the time (over 50 of the last 60 yrs. The Dem. party has had the majority in both houses over 81% of the time.Just look what "No Balanced Budgets" by Big high tax dem union gov't has done to many cities like to Det. Mich., and those that have gone bankrupt in Calif. Today Det Mich. is preparing to be taken over by the state. State of Ill, is bankrupt.It is time the richest city in the US tighten their belts too. Fed workers get payed 53% higher wages on the average than the average in the private sector. Federal Gov't workers make an average of $67,954 vs the overall average American, age 25 or older, makes only roughly $32,000 per year. Source US Census, Personnel Yearly Income.CNN: Obama's own words on you tube video. "Bush was incompetent for raising Nat Debt from 5 to 9 trillion and spending 4 trillion in just 8 shorts yrs." Obama has gone from 9 trillion to 16.7 trillion in 4 yrs. spending 7.7 trillion. Who is incompetent Obama???CBS news: Obama Has Now Increased Debt More than All Presidents from Washington Thru Bush II Combined . Obama has spent enough to have sent every senior a check for over 4 million dollars or a check of over $240,000 to every legal taxpaying family in America. DID YOU GET YOUR "FAIR SHARE"? WHERE DID ALL THAT MONEY GO?It's about time he visits Israel... first time ever O. Hussein O.  Punk from Chicago is a total JOKE.  He should have been doing this his very first week of his first term... but NOOOOOO, he had to give billions to the Palestines... while we all suffer here in the U.S. he's singing and tap dancing his way through golf courses, Hollywood, fancy dinners, campaigning (selling his lies and b.s. to the people)...  Hussein Obama makes me sick!

"low expectations" pretty well sums up owebama and his supporters,"lowlifes"even better.

On the road again, how much taxpayer money can I spend.

Hope Obama stays there and they find him a zoo spot. Tired of this cocaine monkey!

We can only hope he has a one way ticket.

Hey Ben, put on your iron pants and start dumbing yourself down before obingo gets there. That way you can protect your a@# and understand obingo point of view.

In the picture above, it looks as if Netanyahu is thinking "damn, his lips really have a purple/blue tint to them".

So what is the writer trying to say these meetings are going to be between two weakened heads of state.  Need to look at one thing keep an eye on which direction Iran's rockets are pointing.  When dealing with Iran two weakened leaders will not get the job done.

Stay home Floppy Ears! every trip he takes cost a money strapped country millions of dollars all because the almighty Oz...I mean almighty Bama enjoys his toy,AF-1....Sick Man! Bet he wears PANTIES too.

he'll be returning here with low expectations also.worst president we've had in 100 years.Why would the middle east have higher expectations from him than we do?

Barack Hussein certainly improved foreign policy and relations..John Boy Kerry was sent to Egypt with 250 million of our dollars for the AntiAmerican "Muslim Brotherhood"...Buying votes works for the Democrats but cash is failing with the Muslims...

without a teleprompter he can even accomplish a speech.

That's OK.  I've had low expectations of Obama ever since he was elected the first time.

The Jerusalem KFC has been checked by the Secret Service and is on High Alert...

They have golf courses in that part of the world?

Obama dos not expect to accomplish anything? he has accomplished spending our tax dollars on a wasted trip. it seems he always finds a way to spend the American tax dollar instead of fixing the problem

He should be used to low expectations by now. That's all we have ever had for him and he has never disappointed us yet.

by the time he is finished with Israel we will be at war with them.

More of our money down the rabbit hole.Israel is going to attack Iran.  It is only a matter of time.  I am sure President Obama is pleading with the Israelis not to attack.  Too bad he can't realize that for Israel, this is for keeps.  There's no reason for them to hold off attacking Iran because Obama doesn't want to be upstaged.

No progress can be made while Nut-n-Honey is in charge in Zion.

"Low expectations" and owebama go hand in hand.

Sell Air Force One.

Low expectations is what this President is all about!

Worst presidents in my lifetime: Carter, Bush 2, Obama.

Its not like he hasnt had a hand in turning the middle east into more of a #$%$ show.

Why waste the money, just worry about the good old US of A!!!!!!!!!

He hasn't achieved anything here except spending, lying, taxing and more spending..oh yes, we mustn't forget dividing, blaming, and never having any answers on how to get the economy going again, so what makes him think he will do any better there..did he remember to bring to bring his food taster..what a jackass!!!

air force one is doing another trash haul.Obama has turned our own nation against one-another.  What does he think he could possibly do in the middle-east.  It's just more "campaigning".

Funny thing about expectations, people tend to rise to them.

Low expectations the story of his presidency he is the worst pres in the history of the USA. The man is an divider. He will not negotiate it is either his way or the highway. If he would have won by more than a 52-48 % I could see him thinking it was a mandate for his policies. Also if you want to say that what Romney said about the 47% are going to vote for Obama take them away and he got only 5-6% of the rest of the votes.

I share his low expectations of himself, every day.....couldn't get much lower as right now he's the worst president of my lifetime and it takes a lot to beat W Bus, Carter, Nixon and LBJ

Brack Hussein O, STAY THERE among your fellow anti-American moslems.

Anyone who hates the tea party needs gov help to live. FACT.

Can't be any lower than what we get from him here. Buyah.

This trip is a colossal waste of time. Neither the Israelis, the Palestinians, nor the Iranians give a tinker's damn about what this empty suit thinks or says. Don't forget to bring your clubs, Mr. President; you can work on your sand game.

Why is he in the Middle East contributing to our budget deficit when he should be here looking for ways to reduce spending?Where are the 'shovel-ready' jobs he promised?Americans want to audit all spending since he first became president!

Obama told an Israeli television station this past week that the U.S. thinks it would take "over a year or so for Iran to actually develop a nuclear weapon.".......= Iran already has nukesGuess he couldn't stay at the White House because of budget cuts.

Trivia.... it is physically impossible for a person to count to 1 trillion///

Close the WH ,no whiteys . Still have his Rap buddies for parties

Maybe Israel could help us with a regime change.

3-22-2013 , Obama day(322)

The difference between obama and Romney: Romney has serious personality, obama has an arrogant personlity: Romney`s an intelligent man, obama dumb as a box of rocks....

I see do not know if the Zionist are the good guys or the bad guys...

"The president also will look to boost his appeal to a skeptical Israeli public, as well as to frustrated Palestinians." - since the US voted against the Palestinians in the UN, I think it is easy to see that the Palestinians don't view Obama any differently that they view Benji.

The headline says it all..."low expectations."

He will go anywhere for a free ride on Air Force One.LOW expectations is the only HIGH in Obozo's administration.   Obviously one of the A-Rab kings or princes's needs a #$%$ and Obozo is their boy.   BOY?  Did I say BOY?  Well I didn't say Roy.   You wonder why Obozo bows to these be-toweled dudes... now you know.

With him one lame excuse is as good as another because he believes we are deaf, dumb and blind to his trifling ways.

I hope he takes Biden, Pelosi and Reid with him and they stay there.

As long as terrorists run Israel's neighbors there is no hope.

I hope air force one gets lost and never returns.

If ever we needed a one way ticket....

he's the definition of low expectation.

Obama is as LOW as we can GO.

When Democrats are in office = Lowered expectations

The Master has ordered his slave to make a personal appearance and he is complying.PLEASE obama Don't Embarrass America anymore,we can't afford it !

Its all Bushs Fault.............Says King Obama

What a waste this man has turned out to be. We told you!

I have always had Low expectations of him.

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]There was a time long ago when a Nobel Peace Prize was a great honor, reserved for courageous initiative resulting in outstanding achievement.Now, apparently, they're giving them away in Cracker Jack boxes.

hard to give any more support to Israel than we have since we first recognized the Israeli state in 1948. Since then Israel has gotten unconditional support from us, aid and arms and international political support. We have paid the price for this in hugely higher gasoline prices, security threats, rectal exams at the airports,  huge security costs monetarily and in huge inconvenience, 3 billions annual aid to Israel, plus whatever private citizens give in aid to Israel and deduct it costing the rest of us inhigher taxes, and 911, and potentially  afew more 911"s to come. Is it too much to ask Israel and Netanyahoo to give bac a little?

Keep your head down Oby,because you are going to be close to Syria.

It has been said, "expect nothing and you'll never be disappointed." That will be the high point of Obama's presidency. If only he disappointed us. Instead he takes everything positive and makes it worse. The look on Nat's face speaks volumes. He's now withheld any real intelligence from this Obama because he doesn't trust him. We will never again get actionable intelligence to protect us from terrorism. Trust is broken. Sad.

Why do they let this man out of the US?  Spread the damage?

Just another DIVERSIONARY tactic to obscure his SEQUESTER ineptitude . Hope Netanyahu proves to be less than hospitable....................................All he knows is to tear down, divide, and gloom &amp; doom. His only positive attitude is to divide our nation.

2017 will be the year America will be strong again. FACT.

You think Obama has low expectations: think about what expectations the countries he visits have!

If he isn't going to accomplish anything he should stay home an save taxpayers money.

So in the article we read:  Obama arrives in Jerusalem on Wednesday looking to boost his appeal to a skeptical Israeli public, as well as to frustrated Palestinians.  Obama has already lowered his expectations to accomplish anything other than he showed up and they wouldn't budge (kind of how he talks about Republicans).  He'll spend 24hrs in Jordan.  How long will he be in Israel?  This guy is a real POS.

Hey Obama, get over yourself.  After all your just another Prick in the wall.

Will it turn out to be how much more tax payers money he will give away?

Yeah right. The people cant practice freedom of speech as the Bill of Rights dictates. Yahoo is violating the constitutional laws that protect  our rights!!!!

Who will be in charge of maintaining the attack on the constitution while he is away?

another vacation for the obummersthe only people obama want to disarm is americans. everybody else he is willing to arm and have a right to protect themselfs.

Why doesn't he practice what he preaches regarding reducing emissions that contribute to 'climate-change' and stay in the White House and work?Think of how much money could be saved if this president were to leave Air Force One on the ground for a few weeks or months.

Do they allow muslims in Israel???

I am sure after his last visit the King in Saudi wasn't impressed with Lord Obama #$%$..  Perhaps Lord Obama worked on his oral techniques?

Memo to Mid-East:  Keep him.

no one should expect anything less with this guy in office. I only wish we could refuse his re-entry into the country for lack of proper identification!!!!!!!!!!!!! like a birth certificate

If the Israelis believe anything the anti-Semite says, they deserve everything he "gives" them.

Wonder how he'd like to be told to wait in a little room while Prime Minister Netanyahu eats dinner...oh and then told to leave by the back door.  Oh my...as much as it would disrespect the Office of President I'd love to see Obama get a taste of his own medicine!

How about we send someone who is respected??

Muslim talking to a Jew. won't workwhy is he going? isn,t  that the secretary of state job?we dont need two people doing the same job

What a waste of our money ! Just stay home!

Oh how sweet it would be if he didn't come back to America!!

whats he afraid of .loseing a game of golf

"bout time for another golf vacation, heh, Dumbo?

That's Obama. Keep lowering the bar until the entire world reaches your level of incompetence.

Our fearless leader heads to Israel to tell Netanyahu some lies.

nuat be going to give our tax dollars away to his terrorist buddy,

Obama worse president ever

The relationship that Obummer with Israel and Netanyahu has been a disaster. He has been more supportive of US enemies than Israel, our closest ally. The policy of Obummer in Middle East is in shambles from leading from behind, widespread resurgence of radical Islam and Al Qaeda, the Benghazi fiasco in the murder of ambassador and staff, and failure of his weak policy with Iran.It took four years for Israel to prepare a dinner menu acceptable to King Barack.  Hence the delay in his visit.

lets  just hope he does not do more damage then we can get out of in the next 50 / 75 years or so ..

Obama = low expectations

Israel has 300 to 500 Nukes..It will be pretty hilarious when Iran is turned in to a Huge Sheet of Glass ..hahahahahahahahahahahahahah

LOL, more from the INSANE CLOWN CIRCUS..............IT FIGURES

His polls are slipping here. He figures the Muslim Brotherhood will give him the love his narcissist soul needs.

Low expectations indeed.  Nobody expects much from BIG O.

Obama supporters think he's their daddy, since a lot them don't have one.

Barry, Barry ??  You are a fraud and a joke......the world laughs at the USA with this little sissy in the white house. Go back to Kenya where you were born and destroy that country.

Maybe he can make a stop in Iran and preach about gay marriage?throw a few trillion at it why dontcha!!

He must be going to bow again.

He is an embarrassment.  "Low expectations" so why even try?  Way to lead the country!!

So why is he going over there, then?Not satisfied with the quality of the Middle Eastern restaurants in DC?

Before I clicked on Yahoo Top Stories, I thought to myself; "It's either going to be about Justin Beiberwicz, Obama, or the Middle East."Two out of three ain't bad. :)

How you like your new AmeriKa now folks.

How apropos because I certainly have low expectations of him accomplishing anything as well....EVER!

I think Obama is barking up the wrong tree. Isreales are fair weather friends. We send them Billions of dollars. Every year. It makes them smile, because they do not have to pay us back, which I do not understand. Since all foreign aid involves sending money from all of our wallets, then it really IS, OUR money. The government is NOT Loaning that money out. They are just GIVING it out. No wonder our country is in such horrible shape: Politicians were involved!!!! When ever WE are in disagrement with isreal, we HEARD ABOUT IT LOUD AND CLEAR: Its Their way, or the Highway! Not a very decent attitude, considering how much FREE money they have received! If I was Obama, I'd drop that "Visit" over there. Save the tax payers the expense, because what ever you do, its costing US OUR MONEY!!!!!

Guess he's been practicing his bowing and is ready to bow before his kings !

Obama is doing like a baby and heading out.I'm so glad our president is such an optomist

He's going to Israel to save face, It is not a secret what Netanyahu thinks of him and his administration. As the article stated, its not to accomplish anything, he is showing up to redefine their relationship.

Middle East has low expectations of US Pzresident Obama.Why is the president of the United States going over there?Shouldn't this president be here, doing his job??

hope he brought his clubs so he can hangout with his brothers

All the while "donating" OUR monies to the Egyptian MUSLIM brotherHOOD..............................................

That's because his glass is empty....

Hamas has declared that if Obama visits the Temple Mount, it will be an act of war. Not sure what they mean, but i fully expect Obama to comply.

Hmmm... A few years ago, obama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for things he MIGHT do, like uniting the world's nations in peace in harmony.  His first overseas trip was to the Middle East where he apologized profusely and groveled before the muslims.  Now he returns there as an epic failure as the world descends into hostility.

When Obama was boarding Air Force One, he was seen carrying a bag with a dollar sign on it. He then told the pilot he needed to stop in Egypt and Syria, on the way.

Skip Israel.  Go to Tehran and apologize to Mahmoud directly.  Needless to say, Obama's last apologies didn't work out very well.  Obviously, he's been bowing to the wrong people."The Yellow Spine Doctrine" will be preached from any stump they can find in the sand that has an electrical hookup for a teleprompter.   The snakes and scorpions will listen, but mostly the Israeli residents will walk away in disgust.  They hate him so.

This clown has no clue was he's doing.

Obama will blame Israel if nothing is accomplished, if he don't get his way. Obama has masterd the blame game, only the liberals fall for it, everyone who can think knows what he is really up to.

Israel needs this conflict to stay relevant and needy of American financial aid. The chances of peace in the middle east are nill as long as Uncle Sam keeps writing checks to his errant niece.

Obama is putting on a show for the camera's he loves the camera's he has to look like he is accomplishing something, even though he plans on doing nothing as usual. He must fool the foolish masses, and he will, half of them anyway.

I hope BiBi makes him exit out the back door like he made BiBi ladt year at the hizhouse

He best just stay home unless they would keep him for good.

Obama is a "low expectation president" elected by "low education voters".  Perfect match made in Muslim heaven.

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations"This is the most ignorant headline I've ever seen....VERY unbecoming of a President to cite this...A beautiful example of psspoor leadership on his part.  WHY is he going then? Another vacation trip or excuse to get the pink Cadillac out of the garage for a joyride?

The first of many overseas visits instead of staying in the United States and take care of solving the problems we have and let the rest of the world survive on their own without all the tax payer monies.  He has 3 plus years to travel and ack like a know it all.Last week, the State Department was going to give an International Woman of Courage Award to Samira Ibrahim, who tweeted on 9/11, "May every year come with America burning," called the Burgas bombing "a very sweet day" and quoted Hitler.

Did they figure out the capital of Israel yet?

How can we expect anything else from Obama without low expectations.  Note the absense of a question mark.

"over a year or so for Iran to actually develop a nuclear weapon."Based on what? The whole Manhattan Project took 4 years, starting with nothing. Iran has been at this for decades, and they observed North Korea's nuclear tests. It takes weeks to put together a crude nuclear weapon when all ingredients are ready.

He'll make sure to meet with the biggest left-wingers to show that not all Israelis hate him.

When Obama took office, those that were wise enough not to buy into the media deception, had low expectations.  Where's that article?

What happened to the article that talked about Obamas low expectations for this trip?   Kinka like our expectations of Obama.

He only expects from the people that lift him up and think he is God's gift. The rest he is smart enough to realize no sense wasting energy when they aren't even considering him. It would be interesting to see what they all thought of him if he tried to get their guns from them and set their perverts free and con them into getting high.

I thought Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize for fixing all the problems in the middle east in his first month in office.

WHEN A Substantially WEAKENED BONZO-Obama, today standing at a Recordably and dismal;  Very-LOW-approval' rating in the Mid-fourty' Percent range for a second term president.. 'Arrives in the JEWISH STATE of ISRAEL'S capital JERUSALEM this week for talks with ISRAEL'S Leaders, Obama has to recognize the UPPER HAND and Strength of the ISRAELI position..  Obama is there to observe and listen..ISRAEL doesn't need any advice or guidence from a WEAK-obama administration..  ISRAEL needs to firmly impress on Onama... What will SOON Happen upon IRAN; and including the arab-tribes of the palestinian-Inter-arab-Tribal-Council Clans if the arabs don't ship-up and get their facts and programs-in-gear;  and shape-up according to ISRAEL'S strict Orders and Commands over the arab tribes....Kinda like the mother in law coming for a visit. You can't really say no, but you're sure glad when she leaves to go home.

obama only has high expectations of destroying America................

Jay Carney said that Traitor Obama was talking every day with Netanyahu!  Then why does he need to spend millions of dollars we dont have to fly anywhere that he doesn't expect to make any headway?  Oh, because he is a Traitor to America and trying to destroy all of America, thats why!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

what a another waste of tax payers  monies ....  this illegal muslim is a total failure

Hope he stays....

In following Obama's wishes regarding gun laws, I propose 100 yards from Obama in all directions should become a 100% weapon free zone.

Looks like it may take a BRAIN SURGEON to restore America and elevate our future,positive expectations............................................

I assume he is taking his golf clubs.

Low expectations = the obozo adminsitration!!!!!!

ever since he was elected over 4 years ago, i've had low expectations of our president as wellDear Mr. President, when visiting abroad, please leave America's checkbook in your desk drawer. The account is way out of balance so we can't donate to any foreign countries for a while.

Maybe with a little luck they will keep him.

We watched the movie 2016 bacl last summer when it hit theaters.  We came out thinking "no way is any of that going to come true and no way those are his true intentions"  But.....now that he was re-elected, he seems to be doing everything the narrator says he will do.  If you have not seen it, please watch it......

And why would we have any constructive expectations from obama....frankly every time  I think of this pathetic excuse of a leader....its like taking an expectorant..

That is the problem.  Everyone has low expectations of Obama.He sets low goals and fails to reach them.

I had very low expectations of obama and the democratic party as a whole!

the greatest threats to American rights are obama,feinstein, pelosi, and reid.

Well, isn't that special gven that our expectations of him are low as well .... given his actual ability to accomplish anything positive for the country.

If it's a losing proposition anyway, perhaps he could address unemployment and his deficit.

Nothing new.  I have low expectations for everything this guy does.I guess we all need somebody to talk about it makes us feel like we're better than they are

America once had Johnny Cash, Steve Jobs and Bob Hope. Now we have Barack Obama, no cash, no jobs and NO HOPE.

Yahoo is in the tank for Obama, but you have to admit. Some of the headlines they use just open the door. The responses are priceless. Sometimes I think they want him to get hammered. Or maybe they are like him and just don't understand how much close to half of this country loath him and see him for what he really is. USELESS

Every time this president tries to achieve something their are low expectations!!!!Its called credibility its not lacking its absent!!!!

FYI...There are 17 Muslim Brotherhood members interning at the Whitehouse........................Google the Wall Street Journal Report(psst........Ramadan State Dinners: 5  vs  Christmas State Dinners: 0)

Oh Poor Obama...Visiting those Yucky Jews!  Ehw!  And Mecca is sooo close by!......Maybe he'll go talk to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard...LOL!

The American public has had low expectations for Obama his entire term so why should we have expected any more now?

Believe obama and pay for your stupidity. Do the opposite of what that liar tells you to do. Four more years of this joke.

What is he going there to do? Borrow money from China and give it to the Muslims, while people in the U.S. suffer?

When you are the only president in over 200 years to have bad credit all expectations are low.Obama has already screwed up Libya and Egypt during his term, and he let Iran go nuclear on his watch too. Low expectations? No kidding. Our moron of a President hasn't improved the life of one person on this planet yet.

He goes because he is closet supporter of everyone, but who he needs to be a supporter of and that's Isreal.

Looney Tunes characters in politics:Pelosi = Miss PrissyReid = the weasel in the Foghorn leghorn cartoonsBiden = Elmer FuddObama = Daffy DuckFeinstein  = Witch HazelWasserman-Schultz = Yosemite Sam in drag

Save the Israelis some grief and the taxpayers millions by just staying home.

Ayn Rand was right on.

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations, just how i felt about him from the beginning!

the palestinians who danced in celebration of 9/11 will be performing for obama

You know why , because he is a muslim at heart...he is a liar an a disgrace to our great nation....his wife aswell

After so many pronouncement visits (i.e., "Secret Service practice drills") to Chicago, it's about time he went somewhere significant.

Was he invited there or is this another vacation on our dime???  he can't get the job done here but he sure loves to vacation on our time!What a piece of #$%$!lol @ low expectations......way to be positive you waste of a president

"This is my last election ... After my election I have more flexibility... --  Obama to Medvedev in March 2012

Why not stay in Washington if you don't see any chance of doing anything positive in the Middle East?Do you have any idea how much this trip is going to cost us?!?!Why not try to do your job at home for a change and let the Middle East carry on without U.S involvement.

Low expectations expect none.

Another apology tour or a muslim support tour?

I can well imagine what Ben's expectations are of Obama.  Obama orders missiles to protect the west coast from N. Korea but expects Israel to do nothing about all the nations around it that want to bury Israel.  Does this clown have a clue?

The President is just taking a little break from his fund raising activities.

If your expectations are low then don't waste tax dollars by going over there in the first place!!!

Other than the Israelis, that is where his people are! Hope he stays for a very long time!

Wow If our Muslim president cant make head way in the Middle East who can ?Hilarious headline! And so true....we have so little expectations for the golfer in chief.

Obama's litmus test for his nominees is that they embrace the Muslim Brotherhood.

Once there he will bow to anyone wearing a diaper on their head!

Going on 5 wasted years with no leadership...

Obama want's Israel to give back the 67 land to Palestine. That is not going to happen and the United States told Israel decades ago that they would never ask them to. But along comes Obama who is a socialist and caters to the radical Muslims and tells Israel to give it back to help with the peace process. Israel isn't going to listen to Obama and if he goes to far with his tough man attitude Netanyahu will tell him which way the airport is. Obama can do nothing to help the situation in the Middle East and much of the problem in the Middle East is because of Obama and his foreign policy which is as he says "leading from behind", which is a farce. Furthermore, Obama is seen by every other nation as weak so he does not have the capability of  acting from a position of strength. One other thing, if someone starts out with a negative attitude not expecting much from a situation then they will never succeed. Personally I think Obama could care less and does not want to succeed at creating better relations with Israel. He is the one who has destroyed the close relationship the United States and Israel had after he took office.

Good stay over there, we dont want you back.

This problem with Iran's nuclear weapons program should have been handled long before the tipping point of Crisis.....Obama waited too long.

going back to his homies.

Obama really likes that expensive plane...   They should cut off all communication with the ground and just keep him flying around up there until 2016. Then put them on a bus back to Chitcago!

The US would be better off sending Rodman againYes Sirree, how much will he borrow from China to giveaway.

Low expectations?  Obama should feel right at home in the muslim world.  That's his people.  Can they keep him?  Save us another 3.5 years of this Obozo?

I think he should embrace his brothers from the Muslim Brotherhood!  Especially the ones with bulky jackets!

World War 2, lasted for six years and one day. Obama Lovers your days are numbered LOL

Obama better hurry and get rid of the penny. That's where his face is heading LOL

Another example of a waste of tax payers money. Obummer has already alienated Isreal so why doesn't he realize it and stay home.

Notice that Obama is in the Middle East, Pelosi and Biden in Rome. What for? How much do these trips cost, and who's minding the store? Stay home and work on our problems right here. We have many!

Hagel will have a bagel.

Obama has low expectations because he, in reality, does not support Israel.  He is such a sad case as our leader.

President Obama is weaker, no one dares believe anything he says.Fortunately the media will cover every step of his trip like it's front page news so it will be like he never left.

Low expectations are a hallmark of this administration.

Yah Obama, especially since you want to arm those radical Muslims in Syria!  Why are you supporting rebels that take UN peacekeepers hostage?   It’s not normal to take people hostage, especially if they have done nothing wrong!They don’t care about what happens to any of the Syrians, they just want to install Islam into their government so they can distort it and take values away from it that they had to being with!We don’t need any kind of religion in the government, are you trying to make it that way?  Stop supporting these religion dictatorships and monarchies and get back to the basics, human compassion, love, and not all about money!Nobody wants Assad to kill people, but when you go assisting one group of people that are disgusting VS what the Chinese and Russians are doing (which is defiantly bad), then you are asking for a lot of trouble.  You don’t live in the Middle East, you don’t live in Europe so how can you possibly jump to conclusions when you don’t know what the Middle East is like?  If you do know what the Middle East is like, then stop right where you are, drop everything and stay out of the conflict!

In a highly unusual rebuff to a close ally, the White House said on Tuesday that President Barack Obama would not meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during a U.S. visit later this month, as tensions escalated over how to deal with Iran's nuclear program.Wouldn't it be interesting if Netanyahu just didn't have time to meet with Obama.

He just doesn't have the passion to put the U.S. into a position of high respect in the middle east. No passion, no results. Its that simple.

Obama can't keep the white house open for the school tours&gt;but he can spend 250 mil and weapons on the Muslim Brotherhood#$%$ #$%$ Hole??

We trained their fighter pilots,now they train us.

$174,000 an HOUR to fly in Air Force 1....Well hopefully it'll be worth more than when he uses it to vaca and campagin

How many golf courses in Israel?

If anyone is weak here...... it is the lacky obama....do nothing pres for the AMERICAN people!!!!!!!!!!For vacation purpose it's all he like to do......

"Oblamer heads to middle east"....WAS IT A ONE WAY TICKET?

Here I fixed the headline for everyone...Obama heads to another vacation with low expectations.  Did they pack his golf clubs?  What sights is he scheduled to see?And you know he is going to leave $400 million dollars (we have to borrow) behind while he is there.

Benghazi is finally starting to blow up in Obama's face. It took 6 months for a few dozen survivors to come out of hiding and they are starting to talk, (they were originally told NOT to speak to anyone by the Administration).  We will be finding out shortly what really happened during those 8 torturous murdering hours when 4 American citizens were being brutalized and Obama refused to send help.  Impeachment anyone?  Bring it on.

Mr Obama you need to keep your butt right here &amp; you need to stay in Washington &amp; work on our problems,  We are the United States, so stop trying to make the rest of the world over in to us,  weather they are right or wrong it is not for us to say.  We have our own very big mess that need fixing.  It don't belong to the Reps, the Dem, or the Libs. It belongs to All Americans.  We have no business throwing stons at other countries when our glass house is full of holes.

Good! Stay there!

Don't believe a word out of his mouth Israel.

Obama and "low expectations" are always hand in hand. Why would Israel expect anything else?

That's where his worthless heart is, that's where he should stay..

one way flight i hope !there will be a public stoning of women in the town square of Ramallah today to raise money for the Childrens' Suicide Belt Fund

Obama he is going over there to avoid working on the buget another trick not have a buget and to check his freinds the brotherhood.

Hey obama: DO NOT tell Mr. Netanyahu that he can "still see his old Doctor" ....

Thankyou Mr Smith for considering me for the job. My motto, Dont expect much. When do I start?

Hope he stays over there with his Muslim Brotherhood.  We sure don't need him back here.

Little Anti-American Muslim has gone to see his extended family no doubt.

I have high expectations that he will continue to sell us out and give Our tax dollars to these international terrorists.

Visiting relatives?

This is all very interesting, but I need to go take an Obama and then wipe my Biden.

Does Obama hate White people?Obama heads to middle east?  You mean home, right?

Does Obama hate Jews?

The clown has NO business in the middle east or anywhere..... His job is here to help the people that put him in office find a job; he said he could????....... He does not need to spend the money it take (MILLIONS) to get him and family there and back. STOP with your silly vacations and go to WORK fool.

72 virgins ( or raisins) anyone?

Obama head's back to the White House.....ALL of America has Low Expectations!

considering how low his high expectations are, how low can he go?

The other day at the lobster dinner the president refrained from eating although he was reported to be longing for the tasty dish, his "food taster" was not present. He knows there is deep disdain for him and obozo is the kind of person that breeds contempt.

Low expectations   The bar is set so low for Obama it would have to be raised for a bb to roll under. And still he will dissapoint.

Maybe he should return to his ROOTS and stay there !

Ah, don't worry Mr. President.  We all have low expectations.Obama, by definition, is low expectations.

Low expectations? Sounds like what I expect of him, as usual.

We wake up every morning now with low expectations of Obama.

Winston Churchill said "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to put its pants on."  One thing we have learned to expect from Oblamer:  MORE LIES... Obama truly is the Biblical "great end time deception."

obama is the problem in the Middle East first Lybia, Egypt and now Syria. Lebanon will be the next country to be given away to Islamic Terrorist. obama calls them Rebels.

What's Obama breaking today?

!@#$%^&amp;*()!@#$  @#$%^&amp;*  @#$%^&amp;*  @#$%^&amp;  @#$%^&amp; #$%^&amp; @#$%^&amp;* #$%^ you obama

Barack WHosain Obama is no Martin Luthor King Jr.

It's a shame that the Middle-East doesn't have the stupid 'sheeple' that Obozo &amp; the liberal media can control...

Why not?  We have low expectation of Obama here.Low expectations sure, theve been at each others throats for how long? There will never be any peace until both sides get tired of killing each other.

The Middle East has low expectations about his visit too.. You know I'm trying to remember the last time an American head of state went on a visit to a forign land with such public  low hopes, and I just dont remember.Why go at all if your allready to admit failure? I think this is another first for America. Aint sure if its a good one or not.

Israel is probably wondering why Obama is even going. It's like having a relative over for dinner,  having to be nice but you can't stand them.

Hagel sounds like he is actually setting on the Iranian side of the negotiating table, looking over at very lonely Israel.  Hagel/Obama are saying the same thing the Iranians have been saying for the past 8-5 years.  Why isn't the US standing up for Israel?  Why isn't Obama /State Dept even helping/assisting the the Iranian Christen doctor.??  Over the past four years, Obama &amp; Clinton/Rice have delivered almost every Middle East country to the control of al-Qaeda/Iran and all now have radical governments who (along with the United Nations) want to continue on to a World War IV.  Obama is the Destroyer of America and our system of values &amp; ideals.  The youth of America are screwed.

Nothing like setting the bar real low on one's job, "Low Expectations"....LMAO!

Interesting how the Dem party has been hijacked by the radical Obama extremists,  taking a 180 turn around in direct conflict with it's once patriotic stance;JFK was a strong supporter of Israel, a Catholic, and anti- Communist; Obama is funding his Muslim brotherhood to destroy Israel, constantly attacks the Catholic church and was a member of the Communist Party of Chicago, AKA "The Party".

Low expectations is what we have come to expect from that idiot since 2009.

He needs a good snubbing.

How you do you make cracker stand for the pledge of allegiance? You have Ed Shultz where a pink Tutu.

Notice how Obama is defaulting to the Bush Doctrine by sending the missle defenses BACK to Alaska and California....   See? Bush had it right.  Obama blew it.  He told congress in a letter that N.Korea wasn't a terror threat.  Its there.  Go find and google it.... Idiot.I have Extremely Low or Zero Expectations of Obama, I just look at Previous Results from this Total Fake.

Please tell Obama that he can stay there too.  Permantly!!!!

Budget we need a budget- budget- budget- pass a budget America needs a BUDGET

We certainly have low expectations.  Obama won't accomplish anything (positive) in foreign policy or the economy during the next four years.

Look at the:HypocracyNarcissismCynicismand Masochism.

probably a waste of time after obozo shunned the p.m. before.  good photo op, though.  this guy is so far out.

Headline: Obama heads to Middle East with low expectationsfast forwardHeadline: Obama returns to the United States with low expectations.

Everything  Obama does comes with low expectations, why should this be any different?

obama the great statesman ;(  god this dweeb is joke . ...i remember 5 years ago  when  he said  he could lower the sea levels  if elected, AND  that he was the one we had been waiting for ! .. This twerp is more delutional than hillary clinton, well may be not.

Obama might as well stay in Washington because he won't help matters in the Arab world...Obama might as well stay in Washington because he won't help matters in the Arab world...

Can we trade him for Netanyahu?

Low expectaions.  Now that is a great name for his book after he's done being the worst pres of all time.  Why to go.

this "play" president is such a phony and the nation of Israel recognizes it----he is fooling NO ONE!!!!

Ya most Americans have low expectations for anything bongo does.

I hope Netanyahu leaves the idiot sitting there while he goes to eat his dinner with his family.   Give the IDIOT a taste of his own medicine.

Should Obama leave the country? The UN terrorism chief just declared Obama's drone policy in Pakistan illegal according to international law.  They might arrest him.

Obama has low expectations...wait until he gets tot the middle east see how low the leaders' expectations will be towards him.

Was watching Jesse Jackson on The Word Network. All black religious church services laced with politics, political agendas and Rainbow push. I can't believe I am watching this. They don't even try to hide it. I am reminded Obama's church and thinking that was mild. Maybey there was more to it that we didn't see. If white churches even try to pass out past voting records of politicians, the government would rain down lawyers on them and treaten to take away their license, but these people are openingly using religion for poltical purposes and no one does anything? Because they are black? Come on!

Its a front for more campainging. It's all he knows.Great - must mean all of the problems here are solved :-)

He needs to talk good to Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu,because they are our best allies over their,or anywhere really!

Netanyahu knows who Obama is ,he knows Obama's game ..He knows he is dealing with a Islamic !

I know what Netanyahu would like to do reach over and flap Obama upside the head ! Obama don't want to accomplish anything he would like see Isreal destroyed by Iran his closet buddies ! Obama and his gays and atheist friends also supporters who help him win re election fear Isreal,  because oneday Jesus Christ is coming back to set his throne in Isreal but first Jesus Christ will destroy the gays and atheist the unbelievers too put his kingdom here on earth ! This is what this is all about people Obama is the enemy of Jesus Christ the King of Kings Obama has made sure you know that the proof is in the pudding ! Don't be deceived by Obama and his antichrist followers ! Jesus Christ once said many will be deceived by the antichrist and his followers !

Netanyahu and Israel would be fools to believe anything Obama says. Obama is the man who said he would stand with the Muslims.  The Muslims primary goal is the destruction of Israel and Obama's actions have shown that is his goal too.

World leaders have come to the realization that is man is an empty suit. He is not a leader, just your everyday common spinmeister.

Ghetto meets the real world....should be the print in the media, now that he is officially flying over there, after telling us he wants to save on oil.

He needs to stay home and save the money! There is nothing he can do there to make anything better here. Its just a big waste of taxpayers dollars. He needs to cut off all funding to nations who don't really care what happens to us. Its a joke!

Going away-? Who cares. He is such a bore.

Maybe we can slip in Ben Carson while Obama is gone!Don't let him take the check book with him....

Translation of story title:Obama says, I'd rather be golfing,

Obama you insulted the Israeli Prime Minister, so why try to make it up now.  Just because you thought the Arabs were your friends and you found out they weren't is too little too late, Dummy.

Do they have golf courses in the Middle East?

I see that the sequester hasn't affected the White House vacation budget.

"Low Expectations" sums up Obama but whats even better is "No Hope for Success".

A peace accord between Israel and the Palestinians, it has never held true and will never hold. What a waste of time. We are forever Israel's friend and because of that, forever the enemy of everybody else over there.

If obama tries to divide Jerusalem, then prepare yourself for either a natural or man made disaster.

Why should he have low expectations.............he is a Nobel Peace Prize Winner.......can't he campaign and talk them to death like he does us??I am used to low expectations since he has been in office.

Maybe he can champion gay rights while he's there.The country wakes up every day with "low expectations" for this Affirmative Action hire.  If he just manages to get through the day without screwing up the country too badly, that is a good day in Obamaland...

OK when does his plane leave and when does MOOshell's plane leave.

will the palestinians who danced and celebrated 9/11 be performing for obama?

I enjoy reading the comments about B.O. more that the article.

Why is everthing an argument nowadays?

Corrupted Government leader Barrack Obama has turned on the American citizens to favor illegals is headed over to see his buddy.

"Obama's visit to Israel may quiet critics in the U.S. who interpreted his failure to travel there in his first term as a sign that he was less supportive of the Jewish state than his predecessors"  According to OBAMESSIAH's beliefs, if "YOU AIN'T MUSLIM, YOU AIN'T S**T"  !!!!!!

"Low Expectations" For Obama this means that he heard that they have golf courses. But, the courses aren't very nice. After all, if they didn't have golf courses, he likely wouldn't visit them. I sure hope that he brings his food taster with him too....

Kerry is going too.....He'll look from the airplane window and declare, "I don't see any WMD's...I can see Russia here from my window"

Donald Trump: 'Stupid people' run AmericaGoing just to take another ride in OUR expensive to operate Air Plane.

Republicans have low expectations that a stubborn N could ever understand negotiation skills.

Ahminghad wants to meet both BB and Barry for some coffee at Starbucks.....Kim is dropping by too because Barry hasn't called him yet.   Rodman will be the referree.

"Netanyahu made no secret of his fondness for Romney", while, if you remember, Putin and Chavez made no secret of their fondness for Obama. Mmmmm Has any of Obama's foreign policies brought any perception of lasting stability/peace to the world?

Netanyahu be ware he is a snake in the grass

Just like most Americans, the middle easterners have low expectations of Obama.

I hope Mr. Netyahaoo gets on Israeli TV and tells news reporter that, "this guy is a pain in the ahs...you think he's bad?  I have to deal with his Kenyan attitude every day"

Low expectations this president is a shoe in.

Not that expectations were ever high to begin with when dealing with the Palestinians but Obama has single handedly set any possibility of peace back 100 years.

He'll meet the first black Miss Israel, Yityish Aynaw, who really is beautiful. Michelle will be jealous.I would love to have "low expectations"! It'd be an improvement from no expectations.

I hear he is planning to play golf in Iran with his pal "I'm in my dinner jacket", and then offer to help him enrich his iranium stockpiles.

Gee after four years of arrogantly ignoring Israel and stating they should go back to their pre-1950 borders what does the Charlatan in Chief expect - a big hug and slobbering kiss? The Jewish hate Muslims so Obama won't be welcome regardless of his overtures!

The President will not be using the Jedi mind-meld on this trip.

Now if he would stay over there . . . . .

Probably not,this pos is just going to visit his cousins!

The look he's getting from Netanyahu is fantastic!   Like, "you are one lying president and I don't believe a word you say".

Well, I guess our antisemitic President wants to "look concerned" for all the Hollywood Jews that supported him :-)

They feel the same way about him.

He is a waste as a President, a waste of time, a waste of money and just a waste as a human being.He is a waste as a President, a waste of time, a waste of money and just a waste as a human being.

His name means low or zero expectations.  Worst President ever.

"Low Expectations" would have made a good slogan for his 2012 run.

Guess that means he's taking Sarah Palin with him.

Given that this past week Yahoo ran an article saying Obama was going to go around Netanyahu and speak directly to the Israeli people, if I were Netaanhyahu, I would tell him to stay home.  The article from Reuters said " After nearly four years of often testy relations with Benjamin Netanyahu, U.S. President Barack Obama is about to try a different tack - going over the head of Israel's prime minister and appealing directly to the Israeli people."  I don't care how big his ego is, he has no right to foment the same kind of divisiveness among the Israeli people he does among Americans.  Does anyone have doubts that this man has no grasp of international policy?

what happened to using the phone, are the lines down ????????waisted money ,and needs to stop now !!!!!!!

obumus is a low expectation. He is still going so he can see some of his arab family members.

i hope BB tells him to p-h-(u)-k the he-ll off somewhere!

His expectations are low because his abilities are low.

Low expectations... sounds like the catch phrase for his entire administration.He was voted in as president here, he should just cause the problems here, not there.

Obama isn't over there kissing Netanyahu's backside and he shouldn't. They don't like each other, who cares? Last time Bush was there he promised them $30 billion over 10 years.

He didn't create enough problems when he was there last.

Don't worry Obama, our expectations of you aren't that high anyhow.  If you leave there without making things worse, you have have exceeded expectations.

The middle east has low expectations of Him also, as Do I!

I'm always glad to see him go on tour or on vacation. We are better off while he's gone.

obozo won't be seeking any grand resolution for our nations problems.  What would Rodman have to say about that?

How dumb is America to have re-elected this clown and now he is visiting world leaders.  God save us all

I hope he chooses to stay with his fellow Muslims.

that's because he is low and nothing is grand except him and a legend in his own mind. what a joke has accomplised NOTHING in office.Obama is great at low expectations.

We should be thanking our lucky stars that Obama is going to the Middle East with low expectations.  The last time he went to the Middle East with high expections was in 2009, when he gave a rousing speech at Cairo University calling for "change" in Egypt.  The last thing we need is another "achievement" on the scale of the Islamist Spring.

Americans who voted for Obama .... look at your ..... ObamanationHe's YOURS ... you own him ....You pay for him.

Going on 5 years and the lazy and illegals now have free healthcare. WHAT A RECORD.

Wednesday would be a good time for the Palestinians to think about a high level kidnapping.  But then again, who would consider paying a ransom.  My vote would be to pay them to keep him.

The anti-Israel whiners should do some soul searching to try and see what their problem is. Whatever the reason for their personal phobia, psychosis or political reasons they may have it is of no consequence or importance. Israel is very important to the US and it is in our national interest to keep it strong as our ally. We are thankful to Israel daring and brave to stand up to the Arab/Muslim bullies who surround their little but powerful nation.  They probably have tats and a confederate flag in their parents little trailer house bedroom...

Good, Hope he stays there.

I have low expectations that he will get anything done.Wonder if he can blame any of that mess on the tea party or fox news?

hand delivering MORE of Americans money=f'n Muslim traitor!

Obama, 2 weeks after the Benghazi attack ...still blaming the murders on a guy who posted a YouTube video:"The future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam'" ... President Barack Obama addresses the 67th session of the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 25, 2012.If you think Netanyahu is weakened you would be wrong. I guarantee you that if need be those Israeli's would be on the same page before a cat could lick it's #$%$. Congress and Obama are not their model for procedure.

I wish he would stay there with the other America hating ragtops

Obama is clueless about foreign policy with his acorn training.

Netanyahu had the measure of the Chosen One long ago.

Obama's come all that way to #$%$ so he'll give it to someone.Just a question of which side he chooses.Then again, there's probably enough to go around.

I hope he doesn't claim to be a Jew.-GSR

All of America knows this failed prez has the IQ, and about as much brains as a monkey, why not release it into the wild over there where it belongs. We sure don't need it in America.

Mr. Netanyahu, I'm sure, will take everything Obama says with a grain of salt, knowing the things he has said about him and the way he has treated Isreal. Obama is playing his game and we all know it. All the while he's tightening the net on Americans freedoms.

Great.  My tax dollars are paying for this idiot to go kiss some more muslim butt.  Maybe he can get them to take more of my tax dollars.

Maybe while he is there he can pick up a burqaa to cover moooochelle's ugly facehis name is from that area.  he will fit right in

Hopefully, he will be reminded how much he loves it there, and loves his own people, and he will just stay there forever.  He can collect unemployment over there, as he has no useful experience and is unemployable.

Obama's first priority should be to stay in the USA and take care of a budget before rewarding the enemy with more taxpayer funds.

Kill whitey and Jews..... the dictator says.

Obama does not govern. He campaigns and blames, typical leftist taking no responsibility for all his screwed up actions and inactions.

so Bush DID visit Isreal in his first term and Obama did not.  It does NOT matter when in the first term Bush visted Isreal, he still visted our strongest Democratic allie in the Middle East, and Obama did not.Let just assume Obama DID NOT get re-elected, he would  have been the first US president in DECADES to not visit our Democrat ally, especially in atime opf so Muc TURMOIL in the Middle East.nice try lamestream media, keep playing Defense for you boy Obama

GOOD!  STAY THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe he'll stay over there.......One can only hope!

It not just going to the Middle East, most have low expectations no matter what he does...

How can Netanyahu be friendly to a person that has called him a nuisance in the past? Would any dumb Leftist do that as well?It is funny how the media is a mouth piece for Obama propaganda. This article and especially the headline is a good example of this.Obama wants us to believe this, like setting a low bar, but we know that his big ego is getting ahead of headline and he continues with bullying Israelis and interfering in internal affairs of another country. As a matter of fact, he already made speeches to Israeli public, trying to influence them and make a big push. Isn't this contradicting the headline here?? Obama is a manipulator, a small time organizer, who has a big ego and fakes always to get it his way. So what is he trying to achieve? Like with any small time #$%$, it is always obvious. First, he is trying to fool everbody. Secondly, what is his goal? The ultimate goal to empower Muslims everywhere. Israel is standing strong in their way. Obama is trying to weaken Israel. His policy and facts on the ground show significant gains by Islamists and he still does not let it go. The gains are not enough. He wnats Israel to wekan itself from inside. THis is why he is going there and circumventing Israeli government to cerate discorse, like he did in Egypt. He should go to South East Chicago to bring peace there. People are killing each other there.

Is Obama running away from America's problems again?  This trip seems to be another waste of Obama's time.

At least he has low expectations, I however have no expectations from anything this liar does. Thank God he's watching out for the middle class..... Sorry I meant the middle classes wallets. He will go down in history as THE worst president.

His muslim brothers are lining up to see who gets to wear the vest and get the 100 virgins

par for the course for owe-bamy -- low expectations that is

This reminds me of the arson who returns to scene of the crime.

Every nation laughs at America and has no repect for America. The main concern obama has had for America is what he could do for the muslim brotherhood. "I WILL STAND WITH THE MUSLIMS", who do you think murdered our Americans? The first thing obama did when elected was to go and bow down to the muslims then ordered the press to tell Americans he tripped and fell and then told the muslims how sorry America was. The military is being distoryed in America by obama. Carter tried peace talks and disarming America during his time in office which failed. So be honest do you really think obama is doing the right thing for America?

Expectations...ZERO. Accomplishments...ZERO. Strengthen alliances...ZERO. Photo ops, spending $$$, apologize and bolster our enemies while degrading an ally...MISSION ACCOMPLISHED

let's be honest, not all terrorists are muslim, only 99.99 percent

What a complete loser! It's not quite what you thought it was going to be being president is it Mr. Preezi? You can't just waltz on through and fake it. It's a REAL job and therein lies your downfall. You've never had a real job so you haven't the first clue. Looks like reality is finally #$%$ slapping you in the face.Obama voters could not find the Middle East on a map. Its a shame that the democratic party depends on low information voters.

He can't fix anything here so why should anybody's expectations be any different. Look at Bengozie, Afganistan and Syria. No help there either.

Its time to make a visit to the saudi king and take bow down.

Looks like Obama's expectations for himself are still higher than ours.

Everything he does is low

Another pathetic trip to symbolize the inept leaderhip of the United States, led by the  Nobel Prize Winning Community Idiot.

LMAO @ Yahoo.  Covering the inept president's butt already.  But why not lower the bar ?  Why ask the president to try to achieve when his voters aren't asked to do the same ?

"Obama pessimistic about GOP, Obama has low expectations about middle east trip"..............If I woke up every morning with the same attitude this idiot has I would never get anything done. What a waste of space.

Are the low expectations his or ours?

.......if he isn't expecting any "great expectations,' from this middle east trip.............then stay the heck in the White House, and don't waste the money!BUT.........THAT is exactly what he does best..........waste money!" Low Expectations" is a term that pretty much sums up his presidency!

"Obama Goes to Israel and learns there are no golf courses in the desert"

anything this guy does results in low expectations from WE THE PEOPLE.

Meanwhile, back at the ranch, the INSIDIOUS ONE is being taken to task by DR. Ben Carson............ No wonder our psycopathic liar-in-chief got  out of Dodge.............

maybe the trip is just a get together with a few old Islamic friends

If it has to do this POTUS,many of us have LOW expectations.

The bar was lowered in '08 so why is it news now...

To be different I have no expectations from this president. Never have and never will. Unlike the media, I refuse to lie to myself.

I understand that Obama is going to teach Netanyahu  - "how to throw a baseball like a girl."

The only thing Obama can "fix" is an election.The dummy is getting smarter.

We are jerks for letting this idiot fly anywhere!  Doesn't he know we are under a sequester and there is no money for these frills?  Oh, what am I saying, he is or believes he is exempt from ANY cutbacks in HIS spending priorities.  FIRE THIS IDIOT NOW!

I am sure that the American tax payer will be sending more billions to Closet Muslim Obummer's Muslim buddies after his trip.

Hopefully, Obama will never return.

Send Dennis!!!

Maybe there is hope for America!  Maybe some Syrian will do the U.S. a favor and can get rid of the anti-American Muslim for U.S..

Now what else is this Liberal  Socialist Muslim piece of cow dung going to screw up over there. If I were a wizzard I could rectify this quickly and would have over 4 years ago. Our country is headed down the wrong oath thanks to this cow dung and God will punish us for his sins......

Why don't we give up all of our guns too so we can be a better target for Iran and North Korea?

Cant let air force one get cold- might have to lay off staff to save money. Cost almost nothing to fly!!

He may want to stop and say hi to the rebels.is he going to see his fellow Muslim to say we surrender?

Impeachment proceedings were started on Nixon because he covered up the theft of a few Dem FILES; Impeachment proceedings were started on Obama because he lied and covered up the MURDERS of 4 americans ...Huh, what's that you say? Oh, he got away with it? ...nothing to see here?

sending a kid to do a man's job.....he doesnt know enough about Israel to even visit.  He just wants to raise hamas hopes of being a separate state.  Lots of luck, with that........... Just stay home and play tiddly winks.  He and Michelle are getting to old to do anything worth knowing

If I was Ben !!! He would wait , and wait, and wait , and wait, and wait........ Then I would tell him I was to Busy ! Maybe next time  !!  Ben should have a party that day ! No sense in listening to garbage, lies, from a Muslim !

Just go there and give israel the green light to stop iran before it's to late. Your going to keep waiting till they set off a nuke and kill millions

I wonder of Obama will be declared for born son of Israel before the fog passed in Israel. HAHAHA LOL

If Obama is friendly with Israel, then the FOX watchin' booger eaters will be anti-Israel.

Coincidently, The Middle East awaits Obama with low expectations...

time to quit gargling the middle east #$%$.......the country is falling apart and we are passing out money to that cease-pool of death and hatred at a record pace. How about we fix our own fed up country before we give away more tax payer money?

The Hitler lovers are out.running from responibility!

What a waste of air and skin it's that simple

Why is Netanyahu "weakened"?  He was able to form a large coalition from both the left and right of the center parties.  This statement was made in some anti-Netanyahu Israeli press - AP is just repeating the same erroneous positions just to find a way to write something negative about Netanyahu.

I heard he said Hamas were a bunch od #$%$ and loved bacon...That's just what I heard...

evidently he couldn't get a tee time...sad day indeed...

Actions speak louder than words.

because he needs to screw up more than just the states.

If he has no plan on doing anything then why in the hell waste taxpayer money going .

Owebama wasting more of our money.  If he wants to kick the jews in the head let him do it over the phone.  It's a lot less expensive than the millions and millions of dollars this stupid trip is costing us.

maby he will stay there !... no such luckMaybe he'll stay there.

...Please, Please, Please... Don't Come Back you Sorry POS!!!!

"This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip," Understand the term down payment!  They also admit its a wasted trip.....Seems like more of our tax dollars are now going to support terrorist's and buy off the Israelis in hopes they can call in a marker at a later time (political elections I suspect). All for nothing! Thanks Mr. President.......

Oh good another waste of Taxpayers money. How much is going to cost to fly him over there. Can't open the White House, but he can go over there to accomplish nothing and waste taxpayers money. What a laughing stock to the rest of the world.

"Low Expectations" now that a surprise.

We have a big problem with the Economic-Budget and he is leaving to Middle-East, for what?....He doesn't know nothing about Foreing Policy. This is ridiculous, they don't need him there.

Low expectations?I HIGHLY expect barack Oblowhard to fail, as usual.

Obama and "low expectations" is redundant.......

"He will make several cultural stops, all steeped in symbolism, in the region" Read photo-ops

And I would expect that those in the Middle East have even lower expectations of Obama and his visit.Stay over there.

What would people be expecting, it's a giant sand trap.

I wonder how many high expectations of our kids wanting a tour of the White House could have been fulfilled for the cost of this wasted trip.

New DNC motto: "Don't expect much". Pathetic, epic FAIL. I am ashamed at what we have done.

Can we void his passport?

And per usual our expectations are commensurate regarding his abilities.

maybe the U.S. Economy will pick up after North Korea "Nukes" us. just sayin.

Low expectations and NO CREDITIBILITY on this man posing as a the "POTUS".Better yet the EXPECTATIONS to OBama is HIS picks for the NCAA tournament.Which I eagerly anticipate this week.....

KILL HIM HE BELONGS THERE

If your curious, there are alot of websites out on the internet that have documented Obama lies during his campaign for president. It was 300+, now that Obama has been President for 5 years , I wonder if were over 1,000 documented lies.What are the chances he'll stay there?  Maybe he could sell his b s there and his health care plan.  He can show them how to live beyond their means.  God, please stay there!

Try as he might, Mr. Obama will never get back anybody's high expectations of him.

What golf course will he play at? Watch out for the sand traps.

Hard to support ole NUTanyahu who lies to the public every day, sometimes 2, 3 times.

He'll fit right in over there.

maybe he will keep going ..... we hope ..

Stop all the #$%$. You are wasting the taxpayers money by doing this!!!

america voted against the 1%er republicans , Obama was a side effect...

the smart answer is not always the right answer

[@Cory M wrote: "How you do you make cracker stand for the pledge of allegiance?"]Ha ha ha!  Cute!  Now, since you love off-color humor, how about this one:Q: How do you make an Oreo stand for the Pledge of Allegience?A: Tell it is only a photo op to get reelected.any mending of the fences will be good, Netanyahu hurt Obama in his re election, time to shake hands...

Apparently, if you are Obama, you CAN go home again!

Can he stay there and never return?

Hope he stays there with his muslim buddies!!!

I got a better idea SEND RODMAN !! He's a better Foreign Dignitary than the LIAR-IN-CHIEF !!!

This will be the second apology tour in five years.  A lot has happened, and maybe this time they won't laugh him off the stage. Instead, he will be welcomed, as we are now as broke as all of our global neighbors.  We are all as weary of wars too,, but we are not smart enough to tell them to handle their own problems.  Send a boy to do a man's job, and you get a boy's best effort.  Sorry; not good enough.

He should have low expectations in everything he does, his accomplishments are very low .

Obama: The most beautiful sound in the world is .... The Islamic call to prayer .... WoW.

I miss Jimmy Carter!

He is going back to the middle east for a family reunion.What is it, like, lobster season in the Mediterranean or something?  Paris fashions time?

Is he taking Sasquatch and the two chimps so it will be a family vacation.  He will spend 15 minutes in Israel and then go to all of the Muslim countries to introduce the chimps to their relatives.

One way ticket I hope !!!!

Perhaps he is going to find the killers of ambassador Stevens like he promised!

America knows how low his Expectations are.............

Will Reggie be on this trip?

Israel wants OUR sons and daughters to fight their wars for them while we at home pay for it -with the billions and billions of free US tax $$$ we give to these arrogant, incompetent occupiers. Let israel pay for itself, we need OUR tax $$ for OUR citizens, not to build homes for the nasty, hillbilly settlers in israel.  America First!!

Every thing this guy does always makes me worried lately. Wonder what is up?

Seems the conservatives have been brainwashed by the GOP kool-aid.

The media has a new plan to cover Obamas failures. Tell us not to expect anything. That when he does what he does best nobody is let down. And if he actually gets something right then they can pile on the praise and tell us how wonderful he is.Benghazi.

Stay there Obama-it's your native land anyway!

Netanyahu weakened?  Rather, Obama weak leadership continues......Both domestic and abroad.

The people of Israel and Netanyahu need to make sure they don't turn there back on Obama or believe a thing that he tells them. Obama is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood and his loyalties lie with them. Obama wants to destroy America and the state of Israel and he is very good with deceptions and lies. The bible speaks of men like obama and what there intentions are !

Intellegent Americans have low expectations of obama.

How much will this "Low Expectation" trip/vacation cost the American Tax Payer?

Yahoo,you're so lucky people are stupid,if it was Obama's 1st priority to work on relations with Israel maybe he should have gone in his 1st term.Obama is such a great leader,going with low expectation to Israel,low expectations to work on a budget.I bet he doesn't go to his golf outings with low expectations!!!

Watching CPAC and realize we all need to start now to fight this Progressive movement and stand up for our Constitution.

For much of Obama's first term, White House officials saw little reason for him to go to the region without a realistic chance for a peace accord between the Israelis and Palestinians. In other words, if he was not going to be able to pull off a Jimmy Carter Peace Accord for another Nobel Peace Prize why should he even go let alone pay any attention to the problems over there. Obama stated in the paper yesterday that Iran was one year away from having the bomb. That's because they had 4 years with no interruption to make one. Obama does not care about Israel one bit and that is where he gets slammed with the fuzzy, warm feelings that he has for Muslims. Why send 100's of millions to Egypt that is rued by the Muslim Brotherhood but not help out Israel?

Zipi , Put your foot somewhere in a good spot !Looks like  Netanyahu is trying to read the presidents lips to find out what he is really saying.The presidents words don't always convey the true message to people. ask us Americans about that, we are learning the hard way

Obama has low expectations, and America has low expectations for him.

Careful Prime Minister Netanyahu, we here in America know too well Obama speaks with a fork-ed tongue.

The Anti-Christ trying to negotiate and influence his agenda!

Heading back to his Muslim roots!  Maybe he'll visit some family and friends.

This guy is a true idiot!  Why in the hell is he running off to the middle east while things are burning down at home.  Take care of things here first and then go to the next project.  Get a punch list.

I have family in the upper echelon of the Diplomatic Corp in Tel Aviv who will be entertaining O'Barry.  They have high expectations that America will see the value of Israel and the incompetency of the O's thinking!

Sure would be nice if Obama had the stones to make Bibi meet him in Gaza.

Ok Iran, the POS is visiting Israel.... Eagles Away, Eagles Away ! (PS NK, Cgristmas, you send your birds to Hawaii! )

Obama is an empty suit and a joke to the world.So now the president is experiencing the same expectations that we expected of him all along.

Is DENNIS RODMAN Aware Of This ???

The Cost to fly  Airforce  1, 20 million.  Cost for escort fighters to and from,  another 20 million, secret service, special forces, the marines and god knows what else to protect him while he is there, probably another 10 to 20 million.  So our president is going to waste in neighborhood of. 60 million for arguably a useless endeavor.  To everyone that voted for this narcissus who spends money like water, has he met your expectations

Sooner or later Oblunder and his cronies are going to have to take the blame for something. Maybe they can continue to put out fires til 2017. I don't know if the country can last that long. I would like to see a true leader. The pacifist women and men in D.C. are making this country weak. You have to show strength to get respect from these rogue countries.

ODumnuts will start Armageddon.

What did Obama do to win the Noble Peace prize again??  I can't remember him doing anything....

Obama is still having a hard time closing the gap he made the moment he curtseyed before King Saad and then snubbed Netanyahu. His meetings with world representatives, now edited together in an online video, has him complementing each with variations of the phrase "our closest ally, punching above their weight class." It would be entertaining if it weren't so embarrassing.

He wants to get closer to the S_ND  N_G_ER_S  so he will fell at home

The Bush Doctrine is the only one that prevented global conflict.The Yellow Spine Doctrine is the one unique one that could only come from an inept community organizer who thinks dictators are nice people.

We are not in control of the middle east.   It's not our job to fix it.   We've had low expectations if we are realistic since 1967 at least, and maybe before.   Hope but not much after a while.   It's like having two kids in my heart who hate each other and throw stones and I love them both but they hurt each other.   That's how I feel about the Middle East.   Break my heart.   I love Jews and I love Palestinians.   Then one just looks at practical matters:  who has the power; if you get them to really stop throwing stones, can they cooperate and how.   the problem is that revenge is part of both religions and it keeps #$%$ happening that is not good.   Israelis now have reason to see it as a self-defense issue more than revenge and they have a longer history and more surrounded by enemies.  So an outside objective force or parent or friend who loves both will take a "protect Israel" stand nearly every time and foment the sometimes desperate and often quite arrogant young Palestinians.   The young Palestinians, frankly, often grow out of it....thankfully.   Seriously, they are moralistic prigs when young sometimes.   P R I G S.   But with maturity, you won't find better friends or warmer people.There is only one hope for the future: a single state.  Not a Jewish state.  Not a Muslim state.  Not a Christian state.  A secular state where everyone enjoys the same rights.

Maybe there will be photo op's in Israel.... Its like a magnet.  If someone thinks that approval ratings can go up by taking pictures of The Miserable One shaking hands with the man he hates, then the media will slobber all over that and Jay Carney can keep his Photoshop job.

"Hey Carney, load up my free ride so we can take Moose and the kids over for some fun in the sun...I'm getting too much media pressure on Benghazi again.  Be sure to tell the media that we still think it was a video that killed our Ambassador that was just a bump in the road"

That Obama is a fraud, that he's nothing more than a tool for the MIC, Israel, and the Central Banks means we the people low-expectations ourselves.

"down payment".  Good choice of words.  Do you have any idea how much of our tax dollars go to Israel? Whatever your view of their problems with the rest of the region, you've got to admit that a blank check on their missile defense system is over the top.  (Read the bill; it does NOT have a cap!).

We thought for sure that given such a clear choice, Americans would vote for love of country over revenge and ignorance. We were wrong.We thought, that just as every presidential election in my lifetime, the bad economy would be hung around the incumbent's neck, sinking him. We were wrong.We thought that even those few Americans who were fortunate enough to still be fully employed would be cognizant of how much pain their neighbors were in and elect someone who would at least try to make improvements. We were wrong.We thought that now that FINALLY some of the disturbing truths about our first black president had come to light, voters would reject a man so dangerously at odds with the American experience. We were wrong.

Yes Sirree, I would call it another vacation on our tax dollar.

The man is clueless.

Does Obamma eat Pork? or does just hand it out.

The symbol of the American presidency has been changed. It is now the skunk. Half, black, half white, and everything it does stinks.Owebama sets the bar low for himself because, well, you know community organizers aren't really that smart.

We give the Israeli's to much foreign aid etc etc, period, and in return, they give us grief, The American Jew and its lobbying supports Israel  sometimes, I think, MORE than their homeland here in the U.S. We should them loose from our Financial support, and watch how fast they change positions.

Obama will be at home with the Muslim Brotherhood. He looks out of place with Mr.Netinyahu.His VP will maintain the attacks on our Constitution along with Diane Finkelstein and Shoomerplus anyone else they can find.

["This is not about accomplishing anything now."]Thank goodness we have a president who is willing to spend his political capital to accomplish real change.LOL, you libs are such rubes.

Obama to really suck up to the muslims via the teleprompter.

The White House tours could continue for 50 years for what this low expectations trip is costing.  When you don't expect much you don't get much.

That look on Netanyahu's face is priceless....I bet he is wondering if Obama is really a Muslim.......thinking..."how did this idiot, muslim get to be the leader of the usa....OweVAy!

the Middle East is a warrior culture. the strong follow the strong. when Obama goes over there apologizing he just looks like a coward. giving them money makes them feel stronger and more dominant over the US. they laugh at us because they think we're a coward culture.

Quick, try to change the headline away from the benghazi survivors speaking up and saying they were told by the white house not to talk about what happened!

Obama's low expectations is nothing compared to the low expectations we have of him.At this point, it would be better that he stay home.  Obama is impotent about stopping any of our enemies from advancing their goals while he gives the finger to our friends.  Send someone who is respected to handle diplomacy.  Oops, we don't have one of those folks either.

Obama living up to expectations.

In other words do you mean he is going back to his home nation of Fucktardistan?

LOW EXPECTATIONS? kinda describes his presidency

Our strongest ally in the mid-east - Israel - and Obama is just visiting for the first time although he's been in office over 4 years now.  Typical.  When he visits one of the Muslim countries, maybe (hopefully) they will keep him there.

good riddance and don't bother coming back.

A narcissist cannot telerate anyone not thinking they are good, great or important. How bout FIX THE ECONOMY instead of costing the USA another $3M to travel to Israel to accomplish "NOTHING"! Geez, it's not that tough.

The only purpose for this trip is to give Iran more time to get their bomb!

Another P.R. junket paid for by closing the White House to tours and other "painful" cuts. Are you still telling people you voted for him? He is one of the biggest scams ever perpetrated on the American people.

yahoo stop trying to be the police on here. we have the right to say what we want about odumbo or biden or anyone we want. till monkey boys tries taking away our freedom of speech leave my damn comments alone!!!!!!!!!!!!!Stop going to the middle east and other countries around the world!  Start taking care of the USA! You cant get this country going again why would anyone want you in theirs! Tool!!!!!

This is just a pit stop before he drops by and gives the Muslim Brotherhood a few more Billion.

Obama's first priority will be resetting his oft-troubled relationship with now-weakened Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by threatening to cut off all aid if Israel attacks Iran.Meanwhile he's arming the Mooselim Brotherhood at the US taxpayers expense while he suspends White House tours.  What an a hole.

We should all have low expectations from this POS!

So he is going to give them money now??

To bad Odumbo can't stay there.

I've had low expectations from him since I found out he was from the Chicago machine.....

Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations..thats because he has no idea about what to do or how to fix it..just like america..doesnt have a clue...

If dear leader doesn't expect anything then why is he even going? Oh that's right he needs to check out a different golf course!

obama has brought  iran and north korean to there knees.  They  are shaking in there shoes.  The only ones who are truly scared of obama are americans.The brilliant -  Israeli Prime Minister meets with America's "Tooth Faerie President."

Netanyahu and the republicans are the same to Obama. Enemies that he must deal with.

Obama will feel right at home in the middle east with all his muslim brothas. Maybe if were lucky they will keep him. Then we will ship Chewbacca to them if they keep him.

The only thing ANYONE should expect from Obama is to get stuck with the bills.

Well libs....you should be happy....we're sending our Muslim divider to the middle east.  He's wreaked havoc on our allies already, and emboldened our enemies.   I'm sure he will star in photo ops with our enemies and find a way to insult our allies.......Another king Obama most embarrassing moment...

I am surprised he is not going to Egypt to assure the Muslim Brotherhood their tanks and jets are still on the ewayand ask them if there is anything else they need to wage war against the west and Israel.  He is going to Israel to drum up support from the Israelis he is turning his back on.  I have noticed he always tries to get people's support right before he puts a knife in their back.

I wish we could trade obama for Netanyahu.

God help the Middle East!!!!

I hope someone beheads him

Clinton had a lot of hope for peace with the palestinians, listen to what he has to say about them now. these animals can suck the life blood out of you.How can anyone have any lower expectations of obama that has not already been lowered?

WHY is he still here?

I agree with Texan, please, please KEEP him. And if we could get Italy to keep Babblin' Biden America could get growing again.

There are 435 house members 100 senators and 1 President. So it only takes 536 people to screw an entire country of 315 million people? Come on people, we can do better.

The one time I want to see Hezballah fire rockets!!!

There must be golf courses in the Middle East he hasn't played yet.

He's going to the annual Despots Anonymous meeting

Maybe someone should remind Obama the responsibility of Leadership...you avert the problem before it reaches it's apex, not after the fact.

He should go.

How can he leave, so much work here at home.?Which one looks the most intelligent.  The same one is the most intelligent.  How much damage will our fool President cause us on this trip?

House hunting!!

Vacation for the loser.

guess what Mr President we all ready have low expectations of this government

I wonder how much this trip will cost US??

No one in the world expects anything from bama. US foreign policy making has been totally absent and US influence non existant during the last four years. It is common knowledge that we have a dud in the white house.

Years of working with the clowns in Congress have taught him well.

I always tell my Boss to give me "LOW EXPECTATIONS" on getting the job done...LOL

all this guy does is take trips around the world, never working with any party to get something done. he has not accomplished anything, all things accomplished was done by Clinton, or some other aid of his. time for someone in charge to step up to the plate and get things done. Make life miserable for this idiot, just like he is doing to this country.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip."  Just like the last 4.25 years.  No accomplishment......many failures!  Wonder if he's practiced his "bowing" thing for the Sheiks.Ever notice whenever there's a photo of Swine Boy he's ~always~ looking dreamily off into the distance? And whomever he's with is always looking at Swine Boy as if awaiting his very next thought or move. ~Always~. See the pic at the top of this page for an example.

maybe he will go home to Kenya , and stay there

Sure, go to the Middle East.  It's not like we  have issues here that take precedence.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip," said Aaron David Miller. Can we  opt out of this payment plan?

may the many Angels gather there and bring peace to the minds and hearts of the people around Obama and Netanyahu...and bless their meeting with wisdom

This is the biggest load of garbage story that I've read in a while. AliBama is going to go and evaluate Netanyahu? This is a total joke. AliBama couldn't even evaluate a dog catcher.

another free trip paid by the taxpayers.way to go dicktator!!!!

Obama two numbers needed, higher approval rating, and lower deficit..stay here...your outbox is empty, your inbox just keeps falling over!

He was elected with low expectations, but who listens.

Stop crying about how much this trip costs.  These trips are budgeted.  I suppose you all would rather we be totally isolationist.  Diplomacy is a key element to the job, and our standing in the world.  You can't expect our friends, or enemies, to have or show any respect if we don't reach out.  This is how you cement friendships, promote trade (i.e., jobs), and resolve differences, not bombing, nuking, ignoring, or insulting them.  Of course, if most of you had half a brain, you would know that.Will Moochelle be going as well?

Low expectation is Obama's nickname

Originally Obama did want to visit a refugee camp in Jordan to magnanimously give away free phones to the inhabitants by throwing them in the crowd and watching people fight for them. Some advisers thought it would be a bad idea.

With that attitude why go?

Hope he brings his personal "taster" with him. When in Chicago the other day, he would not eat because his taster wasn't there to check his food.

I thought we were broke?

What would you expect? It's Obama.

Zionism is the direct equivalent of Apartheid. Wrapping it up in grandiose religious pretenses doesn't change what it is. Where are all of the civil rights attorneys now? Why aren't the students protesting at Berkeley? Hypocrites.

What, no St. Pat's Day celebrating? Whazzup with that?

another 20 million dollar apology tour.I've heard they have nice golf courses in the desert.

Of course, Obama has low expectations. With the stigma of "I neither earned nor deserved it and their were others who put their lives at risk in the pursuit of peace who should have won this Nobel Peace prize and $1.4 million in prize money" hanging over his head, how could Obama have any other kind of expectation.No one trusts or respects a person who accepts something they admit they didn't earn or deserve.

I hope Netanyahu blows him off like O did to him. turnabout is fair play.

He thinks he is on holiday again this man cannot stay in the us and fix things here he is all over the map really sad hay buddy we need help from you

It should read Obama is the head of the Middle East

Why is the campaigning in Israel.  Does he have enough work here with a budget problems he's created.  Congress needs to take away his airplane and is credit cards

Did Michelle pack his big boy pants??

HEY TERRORIST HE ARRIVES WEDNESDAY.

What about his oft-troubled relationship with the American people???  He should be concentrating on the budget!

OBAMA will travel "anywhere" just so he can get out of his work site and work on US problems: deficit, war, budget, education, and then some.Obama better take his "food tester" with him.lol Not too much love for the man about now.

Ther is no leadership from obama&gt;Israel Does.Obama is a PANZY. Incompetent at best and can't play golf very well. Oh! did i mention he is left handed&gt;lol and has Dumbo Ears&gt;lol&gt;he could fly to Miami on his own. Saving the US tax payers A lot of money.

With our govrnment facing another shut down in 11 days, Obama travels to the mideast seeking assylum.

Now Israel and Jordan, have to endure this idiot,that we have lived with for 4.3 years, Im praying for THEIR Leaders to hold back their laughter.

Obunmos first priority is to kiss the collective #$%$ of the muzzys.

Is he bringing his caddy and clubs?

If you want to solve the Palestinian problem it's simple, create jobs and security for the people. When a man has a job and family to provide for, he doesn't think of war. He wants to live and let live. The Palestinian leadership are getting rich off the conflict between Isreal and Palestine! Arafat died with a BILLION DOLLARS IN THE BANK!!! Where did all the money come from???

After he's done hammering away what's left of our relations with Israel he'll be off to Egypt to hang with his homies in the Muslim Brotherhood - any bets?

Could we talk them into  keeping him over there?

Maybe Dr. Ben Carson can take over while he is gone.  It would be nice to have someone with an iota of common sense in the W.H.  The Democrats will be launching their character assassination attack on him pretty soon.  He's a bigger threat to the libtards than Sarah Palin was, or even Marco Rubio, Sen. Ted Cruz, or Gov. Susanna Martinez as an articulator of common sense conservatism and the insanity of the Obama administration, which rates its success on how many people it can sign up for food stamps."lowered expectations"Isn't that the way it is all the way around? Oh, don't you remember when the magic man was elected how many thought all he had to do was to snap his fingers and everything would be wonderful? Peace in the Middle-East would only require a few soothing words, the U.S. economy would bounce back immediately, Gitmo would close, and Hope and Change would rule the land. Funny how the passage of time grinds down big promises. He must now feel like the empty suit that he is. He has become a poor actor, trying to live up to past glory. How sad.

mabe air force one could for get him and come back with out him what a deal

...and I thought Bush was inept, full of #$%$ and a spendthrift. This guy is no different, cept he's ticking all our allies off and americans at one another. That's NOT leadership.

obama, you need to learn something from Dr. Ben Carson.

Stay home....you have nothing to offer the world Mr Obama.

if i was netanyahu when obummie and hie taste tester showed up i would  place him in a empty room and go to lunch like obama did to netanyahu tit for tat i even expect obummer will stage an assignation attempt shortly either over there to isolate israel or in new england this summer on his ongoing ever lasting vacation. this pres. is beyond disappointig he is an ongoing national disgrace and must be empeached now whats the hold up

I hope he has a great trip, really likes it there, and decides to stay.  He could step down as Glorious Ruler, and he, Michelle and the girls could be featured on HGTV's House Hunter's International and we can watch the nail biting quest for a suitable home.  What would his wish list be?

I have low expectations of Obama also. This should be nothing new

"JIHAD AMERICA AND ISRAEL" ~Barack Obama with Rashid Khalidi. Attended Mr. Khalidi's daughter birthday party in 2003. Terrorist tape at the LA TIMES *CONFIDENTIAL* under authorization of the FBI. Never retrieved until this day. And Kerry wouldn't fall over Morsi in Egypt instead of appropriately meeting with Netanyahu.

I see Muslims are supporting Obama. And why not he was instrumental in turning Eygypt into an Islamic State.War is coming.

Before the election he blew off Netanyahu because military action in Iran was on the table.  After he's elected, he suddenly sees the light and needs Israel for a military strike.  Playing politics with national security.  There's a word for that.

Low expectations = Obama

Another show of bs from this useless and incompetent guy. Seriously, He hates Netanyahu and could give a rats #$%$ about US-Israel relations and the Arab spring what a joke that is , a complete failure. Thanks for puttnig this community organizer back n the WH.

It doesn't matter if Obama and Netanyahu get along. All that matters is that we follow thru on the $30 billion dollars we are giving them over 10 years, a deal that GW Bush brokered.

No surprise in this typical fluff article.  Obama is a low expectation kind of guy.  If anyone expects anything of the clown in chief they will be disappointed... But then again, he's always up for a round of golf.

He can always buy friendship - like in the past.

while hes there spending our money, why not charge iraq 1 trillion in oil , and afganastan 1 trillion for precious metals or im sure eric holder will settle for drugs, and pay all the american people back what they stole.   period!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe he can apologize some more, offer gay marriage, food stamps, &amp; an immigration plan to gather support, just like he did in the Presidential campaign.

Vote Democrat in 2016, I enjoy my fair share. Just traded a EBT gas card for a new tatoo...sweet.They'll send him back to the US with a pair of pull-up diapers after he messes his pants...

what else would you expect from the leader of  the loser brigade?

Where everyone hates the US more now than at any time in history. Good job.

Low expectations... shocking. Not.

"Low Expectations" because he knows that Netanyahu can see right through his smoke and mirrors snake oil scam.

"Obama arrives in Jerusalem on Wednesday for his first trip to Israel as president"........that pretty much sums up his "commitment" to Israel."This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip,"......THAT would have come about 4 years ago.

obama's lack of respect and inability to adhere to the Constitution of the United States of America is treasonous. He and his entire administration should be removed from power immediately.

Am sure he plans to give money away, most likely to the arabs

Looks like both sides are in agreement, nobody has any expectations for him in the middle east.

Perhaps some unknown, common palestinian, jew or muslim, can turn america around while obama is in israel.....Traveling on a free Vacation always beats being where your job is.Wonder if the Israeli youth is as lame as the US youth and believe his Hope for change.  I really dont think so.Doubt they would ever elect a person who wants to destroy their country from within

He's scouting for new vacation spot!!!!

Finally Obama is going to play nice with our only trusted ally in the Middle-East.Iran is nothing ,but trouble and is a serious enemy meaning they are not going to be a push over. If Obama wasn't so inexperienced, Iran would of backed down a long time ago or we would of had Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Removed, being another way of saying disposed of. The Imam of Iran is about to insure that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad influence will be lessen once his term in office is over. This should help in restoring some stability in the region. The US has other allies in the region,but militarily none stronger than Israel. The US needs to force our other interest Nations to join together and make contact with the Iranians in powers of influence to realize that using there Nuclear equipment for anything but generating electricity could bring on there total destruction as a people.North Korea may be bring to light what can happen when playing with Nukes. This is China's problem and they should be Pushed to straighten out the pending issues in North Korea,Let's us say Screw your interest payments or Screw selling to America or what you make stays in China we just send them packing Then let's see what they think is important.

Leave Israel alone it can take care of it`s self. The problem there is like here in America 1/2 it population contributes nothing.

I knew a woman who was a Pentecostal evangelist.  I always chuckled when she'd go on about the "last days," and how the initial annihilation would take place in the Middle East, with Israel being ground zero.  I'm older now, and she is long dead and gone.  It isn't as easy to chuckle about it as it was then, and if I had to guess, Obama is the "chosen one" who will bring the prophesy to reality.  My out is that I believe the guys who wrote this ominous prediction back when were all high on opium.  You can conjure up a lot of WOW's on that stuff.

I saw ths in a comment "ARRORGANT"   -------   THAT  is  0-Bama ...  he thinks his  S__T don't  stink ...

homecoming?

obozos going to give more of our money away to his muslim bros

" Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations " .No lower than the average American's expectations of Obama .DOWN WITH TRAITORS !DOWN WITH TYRANTS ! !DOWN WITH OBAMA ! ! !

At least Netanyahu does not hate Israel.Hopefully, OBAMA will travel to Libya for a visit and  set up permanent residence in Benghazi. I heard there is an empty Consulate building available for immediate occupancy.

After he get there he then need to go to Kenya and stay there for ever, and we will ship the rest of his family to him!!!

Wow, the Neocon's, armchair warriors, and the Obama clueless are out in force today, This president, unlike the last president, a  puppet held up by  Neocon strings, began early on, rebuilding our damaged image around the globe, has reframed from the past practice of cowboying around the world, spending money we don't have,  and putting our troops, in harm's way, for no good reason. He tried negations with Iran, moved on the sanctions, and in early 2012, began to build up forces in the region, some 15k troops are now in Kuwait, not to mention the Naval presence in the gulf. Most think Iran can probably have device by mid 2014, clearly Obama has ruled out containment, meaning we are probably heading into the final stages of this drama, but clearly this president will try everything other than actual armed conflict, first.

If expectations are low then why go? Airforce 1 operates at 180K per hour, do we have the $$$?

The man next to obama is listening to a bullshatter!

He should tell benji to step down like they want Assad to do.

Has this Vile Presidential Chimp EVER shown ANY Allegiance to the American People?

He is going to visit his Muslim dad.

What a putttzzz!

kinda like his famous jobs program -- order up!!Hope he stays there

Obama went to israel to celebrate St. Patrick day. What a moran.

Low expectations...the name of the chapter in the history books about the OdumbO presidency.

i guess nit- in- yahoo  wants a little dark meat to chew on

He is going so he can reenforce his "hidden" Muslim agenda..............

Hussein Obama is a pathological liar. Anyone who believes ANYTHING he says is either insane or demon possessed.

Wow, so if he keeps his expectations low he won't be dissappointed? Now there's some great leadership for ya!

That is how his whole term has been LOW EXPECTATIONS

Book 2 vacation tickets. Obama and Biden can live &amp; spread their ideas in the middle east.We need HOPE &amp; CHANGE for the USA! We need to MOVE FORWARD without dumb and dumber.

can't this jackass just stay there and join the jihad???  then we could drone him...and set America free...I find that people usually find just what they are looking for, So if Obama is expecting to find low expectations, He probably will

drone Obama...use him as bait for Al Qaeda and bomb the whole bunch...

leave and don't come back f--king idiot !

" I'm Arming the Muslim Brotherhood,you know the Ones that said You Guy's were descendants of Apes and Pig's,and told the Egyptians to raise their kid's up on hate,But trust me,My Peasants Back Home Do"-------Barry/Obama

Michael Scott Bornstein is a turncoat.  The only reason why Israel keeps trotting him out is because he is 100% American born and bred.  The stupid Americans are naturally going to support one of their own rather than some Middle Eastern European like Avigdor Lieberman or one of those black-hatted, bearded, smelly Hasidim.

Obama fulfills my low expectations daily.

Netanyahu requested Obama meet with him years ago....and Obama refused, and Netanyahu was openly snubbed by Obama....Now that events are about to pop in Iran, and America is at risk, Obama reacts..too little too late....

"This is not about accomplishing anything now."so what else is new

Obama ia all about muslim world domination.He could care less about Israel--their days are numbered.

Hey, Netanyahu...if Obama's pro-Muslim agenda results in Israel being nuked into oblivion, you can lay a lot of blame on some ignorant Jewish voters in the U.S. that helped to get that clueless turd put in office.Obama get ready for a bunch of control freaks who are out to pick Americas back pocket.

Watch this nut case give more of the tax payers money away.He is bent on destroying this Nation!

Maybe Netanyahu will punch Obama upside those huge ears. THAT would be funny!

Netanyahu only wants to know when will the United States fight the Iranian War for Israel.He will promise to hold our coat again.

Like any other leaders in the world are going to want anything to do with the lyin King, Obama Bin Laden. This man is worthless and a disgrace to the office of president. I hope he is shunned in every country he tries to visit.

Setting the standards so low he has to do the limbo to get under it.

I bet this trip is a down payment, how much of our tax dollars we need here is he going to give all those muslims. we know 250M to egypt for now and we know when he is done giving them money they will have 1B dollars of our money, but how much to the palestinians

America's lost decade. Bush last 2 years Democrat Control. Obama 8 years.

This trip to Israel is not about confirming America's support for Israel but it is all about Obama.  Obama has no loyalty to Israel as a friend and ally of America. Obama's only interest in the middle east is to increase the power and influence of Islamists.  Obama's biggest challenge is to maintain his devotion to the Muslim countries and at the same time deceive the American people to make them believe that he is a supporter of Israel.  Obama tries to disguise his hatred for Israel by claiming that he only hates Prime Minster Netanyahu.

Sounds like a good epitaph.  Now if he would just stay there with his religious cronies.People with no ability to lead have no expectations of progress, because they know they don't have any ability to solve problems.  He can't lead or bring progress to his own country how would he lead some other country to progress.

I knew that Obama's poll numbers had fallen far enough to cause him to pretend like he is NOT an arrogant bully when dealing with Republicans.I did not know that the poll numbers had fallen so far that he has to pretend like he is NOT an arrogant bully when dealing with other countries.

Going to hang out with his muslim buddys for awhile?????

Wouldn't the clownish fool be more comfortable talking to moose-slums?

Israel should attack Iran while Obama is in Israel.

Couldn't be any lower expectations than Americans have for him here in this country.

must be going to ask for more money hope they treat him like he treated them in America

Hopefully he'll stay there.

I see, its difficult to make you understand that its not about President Obama or Prime Minister Netanyahu, rather its about the pace in which Iran is progressing towards the ultimate goal of building the bomb to be used to threaten Israel and Saudi Arabia.  America and the rest of the U.N. signatories to non-proliferation treaty understands the danger posed by Iran if Iran is allowed to be successful.  The key is Non-proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.  Presidents and Prime Ministers come and go, but the negative effects of Nuclear bombs stay with us forever.

He should have stayed home and saved some tax payer money.Obama heads to Middle East with low expectationswhat a sorry excuse for a POTUS

It is just a photo op---the jewish people in this country are stupid to think he cares anything about their history.

He should stay in the middle east with his muslim brothers.....

Ojhhhh, I get to take another plane trip - all on the tax payers ---- this is fun!! Lets see how much more I can drive America's economy further down the pipe since this visit will be a total waste of time.... but just think of the photo-ops!!!!

I miss GW Bush

A  Weakened   Israeli  Leader .??  Have  you  Checked  Obozos   Sliding   Approval  Lately   . ???

Speaking of "low expectations", does anyone need a Kenyan -- for r-e-a-l-l-y cheap ???

B-A-R-R-A-C-K, Sounds like the sound you make after a greasy sausage sanwich

Obama has seen the results of Carter - Clinton and others in dealing with Arafat - Israel and the Palestinians --- all of whom depend on someone else to make peace FOR them . Netanyahu wants more foreign aid and wants the delivery boy to be on his knees when he hands the check to Israel .

I wish the "O"man would take his lips off that terrorist butt .I thought Hilary took care of settling the Middle East .  Yeah, right.  She wasted everyone's time, money and lives.  I wonder how much Obama is going to give away at my expense?  That's the only solution he knows.  What a waste.

I'm sure he will find a way to blame the republicans.

Often I think:  this web site is as close to the Klan as anyone would ever want to get.   I'm glad the FBI and others keep tabs on them.  LOL.   And they make it easier by going on line with their hate.    Thanks FBI.    THUMBS UP.   They like to use up tax dollars like water making threats tho.   If we want to cut the budget, let's first take a look at removing children from Klan homes cuz it is by definition:  abuse.   Exposure to those folks IS abuse.

The world is burning down and Obama fiddles.

I enjoy reading the comments from everyone who has such low expectations of Obama. Perhaps they would like Bush back. The guy who brought us two wars and a near depression. Seems like a bad trade to me. But then again, the Republicans have been trying to bring back 1950 for a while with, thank goodness, no luck.

"low expectations" and Obama in the same sentence? Well I can believe that!

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu can see right through the inept boy-child President.

Any chance we could get him to stay there?  He doesn't accomplish anything here either.

Beware 3/22

Obama is a low expectationObama will destroy america.america voted for death.

Yep,,Sounds Just like him !!

to do what- pray with muslimes?  probably!

There must be a golf field over there that Obama want's to play on.

Don't worry Obama. Our expectations for your were not any higher!!!!!

Nice sequester there.  Hopefully it was a one way ticket and he has to swim back.

We need to chisel a ROCK Mt for Obama ....We can have his head chiseled in ROCK beside: Hitler, Stalin, Marx

There is REALITY and then there are the fantasy DREAMS of Obama's Communist Dad.Dreams where America is brought down ... and Islam rules ... WoW.

I hope he sets in motion the rebuilding of the temple.

Hopefully he'll stay and wreak havoc on THEIR economies for a change.this pos pres doesn't have the brains or balls to go over and say anything to anybody.   He's probably going over to sell our defence plans to the highest bidder our just give them away for free to his terrorist brothers.

Well, he can't solve any problems here.  Why would he think he could accomplish something over there?

Maybe he will lie on the floor and have a temper tantrum when Israel tells him no...he has one of those every day.

Maybe he'll stay there...

how about we tell the entire region to go screw themselves, they arent getting another penny from us, and we are removing all of our military bases from the region and bringing those soldiers back home to defend america... Obama should stop by europe and asia to tell them the same things...

Perhaps Mossad will do what they're good at during this visit. This is their window of opportunity.

Obama knows it doesn't matter how shabbily he treats Israel, liberal Jewish Americans will always throw their campaign money to the Democrats.

He will give a "nice" teleprom speech and his naive low info crowd supporting this fraud will say Amen to every lie he spits out of his mouth. And, a real leader, Bibi, needs to swallow this?

Cut off All Aid to the Middle East! Every country over there is Crazy!Keep Billions of Dollars here for Americans!

Obama is clueless about running America. Now he thinks he can go over to the Mideast and give them his opinion when he has shown them no regard or respect?hope they keep him

Low expectations? This copy editor's gaydar went up too.

I wish they would have a constitutional amenment to limit Mr Obamas power

This a how on how he wants us to think he really gives a HOOT ABOUT ISREAL.

The middle east awaits Obama with low expections.

Now this idiot knows how America feels about him. America has low expectations of Obama because he is stupid!

I wonder if he will be looking for some late night TV shows to be on or maybe go golfing in the West Bank?I am surprised he isn't sending Joe in his place.This is his first trip to Israel and you can bet it will be his last.

Netanyahu to Obama:  "Did you bring us more US taxpayer cash?"

On vacation again

What's wrong doesn't he like his mosque in the states.why don't know Bama stay in the Middle East they need him better than we need him here

hope he stays there.

The Middle East? Hmmm....and here I thought Israel was full of settlers from Europe and South America...could it be perhaps, that one small fact of history and geography is actually correct? They do have apartheid going on, so there are Middle Easterners living in Israel, that's true...and Palestine was made a state, so there is that Bibi is still not able to make Israel a part of Europe? How sad for him.

Leave the checkbook at home A H.

He is going there to tell yahoo that his American welfare check is being stopped so he spend that money on our veterans.

How much of our money is he going to give away?

I see a LOT of negative comments in this thread. I'd like to know WHAT is everyone going to do in the coming elections of 2014 and 2016? The Democrats MUST be kept in check. Obama cares nothing about US at all. If you haven't figured that out then we are truly screwed in the years to come. He'd rather strip us of our rights as a top priority than fix real problems in this country. I hope he goes down in the books as the WORST president in US history.

If our Muslim President Huessain cant broker peace , than I dont think anyone can.

Jimmy Carter should personally thank obama for taking the crown from him as the worst President.

low expectations, affirmative inaction.Wonder if the "dolt" Obama took Netanyahu a ham?

Low expectations and Obama go together. This emperor has had no clothes from day 1

I'm sure the feeling is mutual.Indeed, other than drone strikes, what has this President actually accomplished?

I have no expectations of Obama either. Muslim Obama will just take another step to destroy the US. This is a waste of taxpayers money. They could do the same thing with over the internet at little or no cost to the taxpayer.

This idiot is a low expectation

Israel seems to have as imperial a prime ministry as the US has an imperial presidency.

Here, there, doesn't matter.  There are no expectations about him that aren't low

of course he can't or won't help he wants them to have the problems and they know it and don't trust him at all they know a snake when they see one

Obummer will manage to #$%$ off BB again, but whats new, Obummer has thrown BB and Israel under the bus so many times in the last 4+ year  that it will come as no surprise, the American JEWS that voted for this TURD should be very pleased that they helped get an Anti Semitic elected. But they apparently care nothing for their fellow Jews in Israel. How can a Race of people be so Blind?

Watch out Israel! The asinine liberal gangster thug closet muslim want to be dictator lying two faced skunk is going into confabs with your enemies!!!!!good hope he stays there . he can live with his muslim brothers . study the koran like the good muslim he is .

If he sets expectations low then he will not be disapointed.No President has had any success there since President Carter. Even the master negotiater and politician, President Clinton could not make any headway between the Iaraelies and the Palistinians. If you look back at President clintons 2nd term you will see that he put forth a good effort and considerable time but could not close the deal. Like President Obama or hate him, he is a pragmatist who is well aware of the history between these two nations.

Too little too late. Doesn't even bother going there in his first term?! (Too busy golfing, I reckon). A couple months into second term and he's already a lame duck.

OK, Obama has done a lot of traveling. He's traveled to many countries and spoke with many leaders, and of course showed them lots of love by bowing to them, but I just read that Obama is heading to Israel for the FIRST TIME.....Seriously???...But Obama said he loves Israel, and I totally believed him, so this is soooo shocking!

I still do not understand why Obama is supporting the muslim brotherhood in the middle east and they are the same people that bomb us in 9/11 and full of hate towards USA???????

israel, i apologize for our muslim in chief in advance. all he knows how to do is lie, cheat and steal. be advised he does not in any manner represent the people of the united states.

Israel should try him for giving arms to the enemy. I wonder how many would vote to go to war then? Would the 99%er college students be lined up to pick up a M1 to fight for Obama`s death? Hummmmmmmm

He'll have a drone implanted in his butt.

He is a failure in foreign relations, why not just stay home and save the funds. This guy is a waste of time and money and hasn't got a clue as to what is going on in the US or the World

No former prime minister, this is not rodman or lil wayne, although they appear the same.Send in the clowns, there ought to be clowns....old song folks.

Obama knows nothing of leadership ... except how to lead the hounds of hell ...Destruction is his game.

The internet is such a wonderful instrutment for knowledge acquisition.It's too bad so few use it for little more than spewing vitriole.Get out and organize &amp; find viable candidates to support or just be a chair jockey with an attitude.

Stop and say hello to his brothers in the hood.

oh good, back to his homeland

Obama can't do anything to fix the situation. Neither could the Presidents who came before him.

There must be a golf course there, or Obama would not be going. Obama screwed the pooch when he got caught on an open microphone, bad mouthing Netanyahu to the president of France. EVERYONE knows that Obama cannot stand Netanyahu, or Israel, so what is the point?If we're lucky, Obama will have a get together with some of his TRULY close friends - the Muslim Brotherhood - and decide the climate agrees with him, and remain in the Mid-East for the remainder of his term (and keep him out of our hair).

History shows us that every liberal president tries to step into middle east politics and to this date none have suceeded. Carter tried it ... Clinton tried it and now comes prince obama. Conservative presidents have much better success because they know that Isreal is our ONLY true friend in that region and act accordingly.The arab nations either side with our enemies or they use oil as a economic weapon. Just look at the last 50-60 years. The arab nations sided with nazi germany during WWII then switched to the soviet union and got military hardware from the soviets that they used attacking Isreal multiple times as well as arming the palestinians so that they could commit terrorist attacks to kill Isrealis. The oil shieks meet together to control oil production and keep prices up. Iran is developing nuclear weapons and dealing with north korea on tachnology. Do I need to go on?In his first four years obama has done more to damage our friendship with the Isrealis than all other liberal presidents combined. Giving support to egypt was a big slap in the face since the new radical government there is more anti-isreali than the previous two governments. Now he wants to make a showing of stopping off in Isreal. Why? What could a weak president possibly hope to accomplish in a area of the globe that admires only strength and power.

Please stay there they need you more than we do.

Hope he likes it there and staysApparently the government has never heard of SKYPE.  Internet access must cost the government too much.Hitler would be more welcome in Israel than Obama. Hitler at least brought the Jews together.

Save some tax payer money and stay home O blah blah! No one in the Middle East gives a (c)-rap what you have to say!

OH PUL-EEZ, just send a DRONE.

He should send Dennis Rodman instead. Rodman has more experience and a better track record at foreign relations than Obama does. maybe he just wants to hand deliver his checks to all the Islamic countries in the middle east he supports.

What needs to be said, Obummer is going to try and BS the Jewish State into waiting , and the Jews are saying either stand with us or get the #$%$ out the way!

Good riddance, MF'r

Obama needs to stay in the US and nation build at home. We have given too much money to everyone in the middle east and played the police man for too long. It's time to focus on our people. We have people out in the streets who cannot get a job, cannot find shelter, and cannot keep living day to day. Focus on our people. Cut ALL non essential foreign aid ASAP and let us build our nation. Let us start with those who lost their homes and those who lost equity in their homes but still manage to make their payments. For those who were wronged, give them back their so called loan mod payments that were supposed to go back to them if they did not qualify. For those who did not qualify due to errors, give them back more. For those who continue to make their payments, give them back lost equity. Yes, bail out my fellow Americans. ALL OF THEM. Not just one group. And if someone does not want it, give it to charity. Help our people first. Both parties have ignored this situation and continue as if it has been fixed. Yes, we have the so called foreclosure independent review, but then when it came time to pay up, they were disbanded. Now we have other issues. Stop leap frogging those who have been wronged. Ask me if I am happy with my government and I will tell you that I am very frustrated. This is not a Republican Democrat conservative vs liberal issue, it is an American issue that needs to be dealt with now. No more smoke and mirrors, let us start today Mr. President. I hope you somehow see this and take action.

So I wonder who he will bow to first? I wish he could bow down far enough to kiss his own @#$

dont expect much from obama??--after 4 years of hype,does anyone still do??

May his plane go down in flames.Sorry excuse for a president.Go home and praise your allah.Osama=worst president ever.See you in he11.I think most of us will be satisfied if he returns and we're not at war with someone in the region...

Why do we keep pouring money into the middle east?? we have enough petroleum energy here to keep us going.  Stop giving away our tax $s on foreign aid and wars in the Middle east sand box.  Let the people of the sand fight their wars between themselves like they have been doing for the last couple of thousand years.

Obama your speech writer has got to have arthritis by now.

The Middle is a time bomb. Investers will continue to leave the region trip or no trip..

Is there any chance of keeping Obama in the mid east---we would be better off..........

Obummer 1st visit with Israel as President? Is Israel or closest ally in the middle east? Why it took over 4 years to show up? He may have to ask how to create a budget and too embarrassing to stay here for 2 weeks to resolve the issue! LOL

Everything That Obama Does Is  Low Expectations, We let This guy Slide All The Time. Going On 5 years As President and He Has Yet To Lead Or Govern and The Liberal Media Gives Him A Free Pass Every Day!!!!. When Are We Going To Have A leader That We Can Have High Expectations and A Hope for A Brighter Future, When Are We Going To have A Leader and Not A Professional Campaigner?!!!

Keep him there , he would make a great human shield when his brothers come a calling

Obama speaks out of both sides of his mouth...which ever the fart blows.....

This is why people should not elect a community organizer just because he's black.  Last election I was praying for Herman Cain.  So don't call me racist.  It is just because this guy doesn't have a clue how to deal with things.  Except giving money to people.the potus had to go see his relatives, and he needed to spend a million of the taxpayers money to make sure af 1 still runs well. he has no interest in running this country...............

***Gets our her little knees &amp; prays he stays away, releases his boot from the neck of small business and forgets new taxes***

One way Ticket????

"Satan to meet with religious leaders in the Middle East with low expectations"

Hopefully that sob will stay in the middle east where he belongs....his ho wife should join him there.

They can have him, please stay over there Barry.

FU BO

low expectations is right...that is what I have for this president...in all of his actions.

$180.000 an hour to fly America's plane.  This repugnant prick is so inexperienced, incompetent and arrogant he is the world's laughing stock.  Impeach this mistake NOW!

Maybe AIPAC forgot to make a campaign contribution lately?Tim J: Israel is important because of it's spiritual significance. Lest we forget the principles on which our nation was founded.

you should be going there (with your family) to MOVE BACK HOME TO YOUR EVIL TERRORIST MENTALITY MUSLIM BRO'S!!

If you wait long enough....Most problems will take care of themselves.

Obama will look to boost his appeal to a skeptical Israeli public?  Good luck with that!  It seems that this President always has low expectations if anyone dares to disagree with him.

Let's hope Netanyahu treats him a little better than he treated Netanyahu; that was downright embarrassing.Anyhoo, here he goes off on another one of his lavish, self-congratulatory, exponentially expensive trips for naught but assuring the rest of the world that he's as big a self-important blowhard as we here already know him to be.Whatta maroon!!

Low exopectations for a low life. He just loves to hear himself talk and no one likes to listen.

Why doesn't he just stay home and fix the problems we have here? If he grants Israel "most favored nation B.S." then he and all the rest of the administration and Republicans/Democrats who favor it can go in place of the American Military. Oh, the management of the T.B.T.F. and heads of the MSM can go too.

Ben should leave him sitting alone in some dank room while he goes off somewhere to have lunch. Give him a taste of his own arrogant medicine.

I have low expectations anywhere Obama goes. This Elephant and Donkey Show needs some new faces, and new writers. I can't muster enough suspension of disbelief to take it seriously anymore.

If obama truly cared about the USA he would jump out of air force 1 at 50,000 feet without a parachute.The Middle Eastern countries have been at war with one another for hundreds of years and you don't have the juice to stop it.  Why waste more of the tax payer's money by going over there to stick your nose where it doesn't belong.  Your place is in Washington trying to figure out our own problems that Washington has created.

Hmmmm, Julie Pace - "Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations" ????  That's the same feeling that I had in Nov. 2008 - and in Nov. 2012.  With Obama "low expectations" is, as he says, "the new normal."

The USA tax payers are sick of the Middle East and that money pit/sandbox of drama. Not a weapon or a penny to any nation from Libya to Pakistan (including Israel) until they learn to play nice. Leave the Middle East to sort out their own problems. We have enough at home.

have any of the arm chair reporters figured out he is going over there to see intel on the iran nuke program, Syrian war intel, the refugee crisis in Jordan, the Syrian secret army's stirring up of all it's enemies before they get overthrown, as well as who is in charge of the Syrian rebels, and who America will acknowledge when in power?  And maybe delivering s few messages to the countries and rebels of what America wants in return for it's support? anybody figure this out?

This reporter can get off her knees now and clean up the mess.

Moving out of the White House?

"His goal will be trying to keep the troubles, from Iran's suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians, from boiling over on his watch." WITHOUT A DOUBT, it would be a shame for this littlle resemblance a man to have step up and try to fill a REAL MANS shoes and do something!

May God help Jordan. Obama won't. Every place Obama's meddled decends into chaos. It's the only result an anarchist wants.

"Skeptical Israeli public"? How about a skeptical American public?

Hopefully he stays there with all of his terrorist buddies!Time to kiss his masters #$%$

BHO and the court jester, joe biden will be out of the country at the same time, leaving the USA 'rudderless', no one will notice because we have been 'rudderless' for more than 4 years already.

i'm sure the feeling is mutual

KEEP HIM IN MIDDLE EAST

Obama is a #$%$. Israel should run as far away from him as possible. His term is getting over fast enough.

Maybe he can get some back channels going with the Hamas. It's worth a shot to try and get them to lay down their arms, no matter how fruitless it seems, right?

Has Obama solved one problem yet??

The Jewish culture will reject this cloaked moron like penicllin to VD.

That's because Obama/Clinton/now Kerry are anti-Israel, anti-America and are leading proponents of the United Nations and their "One World Government" Uber-Redistribution Plan through the Re-organization of the Middle East "governments" into a al-Qaeda/Iranian point of view.  It all stared with Obama's Cairo speech.  Now look at the Middle East, ALL RADICAL GOVERNMENTS, focused on a world war.  Good job Clinton/Rice &amp; Obama!!  Obama, you ARE quite the organizer!!

you forget, this is an unqualified elected official who got where he is via affirmative action, lowering the standards to a white high school level.  of course expectations are low, just like our economy, jobs,debt are all outta wackIf I were the jews I would be very wary of this clown. Obama is the most inept leader that this country ever had.

Like Obama or NOT. If he did Nothing Else. He showed Israel,(Unlike Bush). That we,(USA),call the shots, as to what is "Best For America". In the past,we have had Presidents that one would have thought was elected by Israel to work in their best interest over our's.

THEY WON"T LET j.a.n. GO TO THE WALL........................................................

I wish the Nobel committee in 2009 had expectations in line with Obama in 2012.

Why is the turd wasting millions of $ on a fools errand?Answer: Because he can and he needs to get out of Dodge.Charm offensive isn't working and once again, he is out of ideas.So, run away and hope something happens

@Native  We are not talking about nuclear energy.  Get your ducks in line when you comment.  Iran has nuclear power generating sites that are not in question by the U.N.  Its the process in which Iran is going about its enrichment of its nuclear fuel that is causing concern in the world.  Educate yourself before commenting, you'll get a better response.

having to meet Bibiboon, as many other world leasers feel, is nothing to get worked up about, one has to sit there while Net an Yahoo sorts the victim cards from the holocaust to the chosen schmucks tirade for hours . . . .

so what do we do if iran nukes israel?

I wonder if Obama can legally purchase a firearm. I mean he would have to provide a Social Security number and a valid photo ID.

The Apostate Church - agrees that ( all religions are = paths to God ) - which is FALSE.Jesus:  No man is good, but God ... accept you believe that I am he you will die in sin.The Bible depicts ... CHRISTIANITY ... when he returns as mostly ( apostate - false )They follow the one that looks like a LAMB ( great Christian leader - false prophet )right into One World Govt.

Research ====&gt; Bible ===&gt; Confirmation of the covenant.  Roadmap to return of the King

Drug heads, lazy and illegals now get free Cell Phones with 250 mins a month.  AAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. What's next free rims?

Obama has low expectations about the Middle East and the WHOLE WORLD HAS NOT THE SLIGHTEST EXPECTATIONS OBAMA CAN DO ANYTHING BUT SCREW THINGS UP FURTHER.

No "down payment" needed.  We have no interests in Israel.  Any relationship with them is detrimental to our security and mostly to our credibility.  We cannot espouse to be against terrorism on the one hand but on the other hand support a state like Israel who are brutally oppressive at best and outright terrorists themselves when viewed critically..

To say that the return of the Jews to Israel is NOT true .... is to say that the Bibleand Jesus are not TRUE.  To say that Jesus is not coming back ...Is to say that Jesus is a liar.

The United Nations ( especially Russia &amp; Iran ) invade Israel @ the last battle Armegdon.2/3 of Jerusalem is take captive ... then The Lord comes and destroys ALLof the invading armies &amp; re-establishes the boarders of Israel from the Nile In EgyptTo the Euphrates River.  All who fail to worship King Jesusare cast into the Lake of Fire.  ( good bye Muslims )

The labeling of Obama as ... EVIL .... is more accurate .. since that is all he does.

Why is he  going??????????

Netanyahu ... is a man, is a leader ... how refreshing!Netanyahu ... is a man, is a leader ... how refreshing!

I hope he doesn't make it back.

Bible mentions ZION many times .... Zion is always mentioned in good terms.

Funny, when W was president and lefties were making similar comments as these (minus the racist posts), you people were screaming about how they were "traitorous" and "How dare you criticize the President!" and how "unpatriotic" it was and calling them "appeasers" and "terrorist sympathizers".  But now it's okay because the President is a Republican, or even (gasp!) white, right?  Hypocrites!

There will never be peace as long as the world coddles the failed arab society!

Will Obama be riding the donkey into Jerusalem.

I would have low expectations too.Stubborn SOB's

if you do not your government then do not vote...voting is the secret way they get you to allow them to govern you

Low expectations because he doesn't owe Bibi anything after the #$%$ he pulled.

I hope he stays thereHe's going to fix Americas most posing problem of why there are only four chocolate fingers in a kit kat when there used to be five.

The woman hater heads to the Middle East. Yawn....

"His first priority will be resetting his oft-troubled relationship with now-weakened Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu"Umm... isn't that relationship "troubled" only because the President has made it so,  and ignored Israel and its Prime Minister on many occasions, even refusing to meet with him because he was  "too tired"?..Joe

Don't kid yourself, Netanyahu is not weak.  He is a strong leader and puts the people of Israel first.

Maybe he'll have time for some golf on the Gaza Strip! That would be more productive then any BS he hands the Israeli's. He is no friend of the Jewish people. He'll have a better time with his Muslim brothers!

Please Israel, take care of him for us.

Will He be able to eat?WASHINGTON — Following President Obama’s lunch meeting with Senate Republicans on Capitol Hill, Maine Republican Senator Susan Collins described the food served and said the president was not able to eat since his “taster” was not present..

."Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations"Now he knows how we feel.

He is telling us he will have to cut millitary, government jobs, and cut everything the we need in this country.  Then he will give it all to the muslims so they will use to get weapons or he will give them weapons and ammo he has been storing.  From what I have read they have around 100 years worth of ammo so US citizens  can't find any to buy.   If he can't get the weapons he is using any way he can to stop the law bidding citizen in this country from defending themselves.  He sure helps the rebels get anything they want, rebels I mean terrorists.

"Should read "OBAMA GIVES HEAD IN MIDDLE EAST".The president's #$%$ to the Middle east?

Hopefully he stays, honestly..

so he's going over to give the same b-- shi- speaches he give here, what's the big deal, stay home and save the money

Praise God for Israel ....Obama goes there only to undermine her &amp; destroy her ....He hates Israel even more than he hates America.

And who is going give billions in taxs payers money next.??????

Doesn't he have work to do here? Unbelievable.

His expectations about his trip to Israel and what may come out of it cannot be any lower than mine are.  What a waste of valuable time.  Stay home and withdraw US support for Israel.  Bibi will be here to sign agreements but lunchtime tomorrow.

the mf puppet will kiss the SATANyahoo boss hand

I hope the Israeli army helps us out of the jam this jackass has us in.

what a joke this clown is , he hates IsraelThis loser total presidency has been 'Low Expectations"  He should plan to stay in one of his brotherhood's country.

Going home for the weekend is he?.........  :}

The U.S. is loved by the Israelis...yet they dislike Obama intensely.The U.S. is hated by the Arabs and they dislike Obama intensely.The U.S. is hated by the Iranians and they dislike Obama intensely.Where is the upside of this? Both our allies (the Israelis) and our enemies (the Muslim World) don't like him!

If you got low expectations, then why waste money going?  Why not stay here and fix "our" problems

WAIT.  Didn't Obama and Joe claim that they had an excellent relationship with Netanyahu?  I could have sworn that came up in a debate.  #$%$.  You mean those two are a couple of LIARS????  Say it isn't so.

Wonder if Obama will tour Israel's nuclear facilities.

President Obama is a fool, Jimmy Carter can feel the relief

WHIDFUL = What Has Israel Done For Us Lately?

1st sentence 5th Paragraph  That pretty much sums this whole 'vacation' up--I have a feeling that, OWEbumbles presence there, will kill MORE diaper heads -[through suicide bombers, in protest]- than ALL the drones have soo far!!

Low expectations of him here also.  No need to raise the bar when there is a complicit media acting as his lapdog."I would never used advanced water board techniques to attain information from tried terrorist at Gimo," ~Obama 2008 (Fmr. Sen)"The President has used advanced water interrogation techniques on convicted enemy combatants and tried terrorists down in Gitmo and they worked." ~Leon Penetta 2010 and Joe Biden in 2011.

That's what we have from him low expectations and he is living up to it. What a loser.

Yikes...ya know, Obama may not be THE worst president ever, but he's certainly in the top 5, and absolutely the biggest disappointment. No way the last election wasn't rigged, the majority of the American voting public is NOT that stupid. Time for a complete overhaul, our democracy has been hacked.

Great, he's going home to the Middle East.  Is his food tester going?

That will be after he bows and kisses the behind of Iran's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad begging for forgiveness for America's horrible treatment of Iran!!!

Hope his majesty brings his food taster with him

Im sure someone has said it but ill say it again. MAYBE, HOPEFULLY, THEY WILL LET HIM STAY!!!

If he has low expectations, then don't waste our tax money flying there.

The Palestinians already know the results of this trip.NOTHING ACCOMPLISHED! same old lip service as the Zionists of Israel continue to gobble up the land of Palestine.

Nothing like going home for the president....or at least in the general area of home.  Gonna visit some relatives while you're over there (not in Israel, of course) now, I suppose?Israel....sign NO agreements.....obama wants you to turn over the West Bank and East Jerusalem to the true illegal occupiers---the muslimsI don't see how PRIM. Netanyahu can trust Obama, I don't and never did.

Benny the Net wants America to go take Iran back to the stone age, and do all the heavy lifting. What happened to the Netanyahu who " won't apologize for being strong!!"  ??  They've been buying our jets and other weapons for decades. Maybe they  just don't want to get them dirty.

How could anyone trust a person who would issue an executive order to cover up his past ?

Obama is one BIG low expectation!

There we are, another picture looking up his nose again.

Has the President ever had "High" Expectations? Every headline that I have seen as of late, the President has had "Low Expectations". Why is he such a "Debbie Downer?"Can someone at least tell me why?

going home to see the bro's

"Low Expectations" would be an improvement... everything involving Obama so far has been a catastrophic DISASTER.

Low expectations is the only way he can appear competent.

blah,blah,blah.Plant a neutron bomb while there.

How much is this going to cost the taxpayers for no return on their dollar?  Meanwhile, there are no White House Tours, Nat'l Parks are cut back but dingy goes traipsing off on a trip that even he says is a waste of time and MONEY !!!!  What in the blazes is wrong with this country??

Everywhere this fruitcake goes there is low expectations...Except in thebusiness of food stamps and vacations....

"Obama heads to Middle East with low expectations." What a butthead!!! He is wasting money and gas flying Air Force One there when he already knows the outcome. What a hypocrite!!! Wake up America!!!

His speeches aimed toward the youth, Im hoping the youth overseas is much smarter than what we had here, electing him.

to golf?

Why  go and waste several million more dollars of our money?  No one has much of a regard for him over there, Jews or Muslims.  Just like at home.

Trying to keep problems like "suspected" pursuit of nukes by Iran!?!?  I guess this is AP's way of helping out this incompetent. Get the Israelis to believe propaganda that 'maybe Iran really doesn't want to obliterate us like they said 100 times. We should believe BHO and Hope the Arabs will Change. Because he's one of them and they respect him.'

When I wipe my #$%$ I expect to see his portrait. It's the ONLY time Obama doesn't let me down!

I also have low expectations of Obama,There's been low expectations from the middle east for centuries. It's hard to expect much from violent idiots.

The expectations are low for him at any time.

Ben should take one of his drones and help America remove this disgraceful bum, the worst president in U.S. history.

Every time I hear the name Obama my expectations get lower.

Maybe he could leave his head there, he was warned by Hamas not to visit the Temple Mount.

any chance he will detour to Kenya not come back? I prefer having the Robo Pen in charge of the country.

That is the perfect place for a muslim.  Hopefully, he will stay there.

Mitt would have gone over there and insulted them and embarrassed America again.

obama is a traitor to america.

Please stay there and never come back!low expectations from a low-life prez. whats new?

can a "high level" official kill him with a drone if we don't like who he is talking to?

Please let him stay there, quite as president, and never come back again.

Isreal is bought and paid for just like the Progressive Horde. That is why there are no College or chidhood or old girl friends that have risen to express what a neat guy BHO was when they new him before he was Pez!

I predict RIGHT NOW! that Michelle WILL NOT accompany him to the Mid-Eastas OTHER Muslim leaders (such as Obama) do not approve of their wives (like Michelle) being showcased in public.

Paul B.Obama headed for the Middle East?  Please, anyone there willing to keep him?

Its Barack Obamas self made problem to get over not israels.

Is he bringing his best buddy...the Teleprompter?  Does Israel is already equipped and/or capable to handle the Teleprompter technology for our Campaigner in Chief while there?

It's the economy stupid,

HOPE HE DOES NOT COME BACK!he don't give a faq abut America, he works only for israel

More money wasted  that could be saved for something else. Jimmy Carter Jr is out of control...

Should the headline read,Middle east has low expectations on Obamas visit.

Obama's handlers and the corporate media sure have done a good job of getting you party loyalists to hate each other. Seems to be a pretty good distraction. The crony capitalist agenda continues unabated.

Funny how conservatives speak about the blame Bush. when, many in the GOP blames Bush. Romney wanted nothing to do with him. Even wouldn't have his picture taken with Chaney.

And The chicken goes home to roost.

#$%$ K Obama! He's a Clueless incompetent blatant a s s hole Idiot.

Why are so many comments blocked by the administrator?  What happened to freedom of speach?!! It tells me the administrator is an Obama loving communist...I pray Obama stops being deceived and stops deceiving others, and makes things right with Israel.  He needs to steo up against Iran and stop thier progress for a nuclear weapon, and he needs to come clean on Bengazhi...

Lowered expectations.That's all we can expect from either political party lately.Some thing has to change, or were going to become a third world nation.

I am not ure why he is going.  To go under the gloom of 'low expectations' indicates a wasted trip.  though Obama seems more comfortable in some Middle Eastern coutnries than in US States.  I am not sure he has even visited all 50 States other than on a campaign tour.Sure spend more money we do not have... this  guy is useless, another vacations on taxpayers money, the only thing he is gonna do is see how much more he can put us in debt.. what a waste.... while you are there .. STAY THERE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

The middle east is where Obama belongs... PLEASE don't come back!

To all Jihadist and radical Muslim extremists:Here's your chance, guys. Get him!!!!!

Yeah, with Obummo, low expectations seems to be the norm.  That's right, you just have to set the bar very low for him.  Curb your enthusiasm and have low expectations and you'll be all right.

Down payment, you will be lucky if you even get a written contract.

Most people not on the dole also have low expectations.

I hope he has a one way ticket.

The better the grade of Uranium, the better for nuclear energy. The USA lost thousands of American lives in Iran, got us in trillion dollar debt for going to a war with no budget, we lost billions to corruption, all based on no evidence.  Here in the USA, until we find one guilty, evidence, there is no crime.  We have no budget to go to war with Iran or justification unless we get duped again with false evidence.

Please stay,stay,stay!!!

America to play a good roll in palestinians and Isreales problem , should have people talking represent the will of two nations is said so, at the Isreal we real represtative of Isreales people a good democarcy , howevever on the side of Palestinians no real representative , America should request from Palestinian to have political parties and the arms be on localt military authority , tactical arsinal of arms must be on the hand of official authority , both Hamas and Fatah are not representing the will of Palestinians , it is an important to ligitmatize a system on the side of Palestinians , in the common both nations living without problems only those two organizations , so Obama need , to creat atmosphere encourage them to first see , the point of issues and admitted issues , that need long term of work specially on Palestinian side , on the side of Isreal , Isreal assume to help America to resolve this broblem .PROMOTE FAIRNESS, FREEDOM, JUSTICE, PEACE, HUMANITY, PRODUCTIVITY, WELL-BEING OF GENERAL PUBLIC.RESOLVE SOCIO- POLITICAL ISSUES,  BALANCING BUDGET. OPPOSE SO CALLED "FAIR ELECTION ACT" PUBLIC FINANCE MATCHING SMALL DONORS FUND- DO MORE HARM THAN GOOD, RESOUCES BENEFIT "BAD GUYS" AS USUAL.  TASKS:  TOP PRIORITIES: Society in vicious cycles as in need of revolution, we MUST act:

Obama heads to the middle east - Let's all pray he STAYS THERE

Thats O.K. Tho , We have  VERY low  expectations of our President , Raising Taxes and shoving healthcare down our throats(for  super substandard service thats WAY too expenciver for every  American) and  while we are at it , lets  send MORE of our tax dollars  over seas

"This is not about accomplishing anything now" - LOL, that defines his Presidency perfectly!

Bout time.....

Netanyahu recently changed his estimate of Iran's nuclear bomb capability to one week and said that the US should attack Iran now.  Netanyahu further promised that Israel will standby and watch the attack.  "Thank you very much,"  he concluded.

Netanyahu, "Welcome Mr. Obama, take this cross and shove it up URANUS."

Obama, "Ben I didn't come to see you.  I'm going to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, to announce to the world that I am the MESSIAH."

Drop him off and leave him there.

The story of Iran trying to obtain the bomb is of cloak and dagger, hide and seek, lie and deceive all in the name of achieving this ultimate goal of becoming a nuclear player, is no different from what Israel went through in the 50's and 60's in their pursuit of obtaining the bomb.  A documentary aired recently that showed how Israel obtained the nuclear know how and the process in which it developed the bomb, is no different from the way Iran is trying to achieve. Lies, misinformation, plausible deniability and time.  That's one reason why the Israelis are adamant on attacking Iran now before they have reached a point of no return in pursuit of the bomb.I'm sure that obama will find another way to make things worse in the middle east...and give away a few hundred million more dollars to some anti-American Al Qaeda base group.

that is the word COMRADE OBAMA = LOW EXPECTATIONS

"Uh, hey guys, sorry about that drone business and blowing up all your #$%$ and citizens from a far, but hey, I do the same thing in my own country too."  ...No wonder this moron doesn't have any expectations, prolly gonna give the Israel's PM a blowie while he's at it...

How could the performance of the last 4 years set up anything BUT low expectations?

This clown can't stand not spending money flying around the world.

Instead of being in the Middle East maybe he should be in the Oval Office with members of Congress trying to come up with a budget before March 27th

Homecoming! Those are nice....

The Middle East Awaits Obama With Low Expectations.There, fixed it for ya, Yahoo.

Another Vacation?

Why do we send our muslim leader???He's got low expectations because he's meeting with someone who isn't going to listen to his crapola. Obammy would have much better luck meeting with his homies in Iran.

They will dance in the streets and greet him with flowers.

I think the reason the Israeli's want to keep the press inside Israel while the President goes to see the Palestinian leaders, is so that the President has no press listening when he tells the Palestinians that the Israelis can kill them down to the last child and the US will not lift a finger to save them.

Just a question...was Obama invited by these other nations or did he invite himself?

I hope they keep him

Obama head of the corrupted government is  headed to the  middle east to look for more illegal aliens to give citizenship is what this article should say.

I heard he’s looking forward to being gang humped in Ramallah..

Obama will go ..... DOWN ..... in American History.

Would it not be a great time for the Israeli's to take out Iran's nuke facilities while BO is in Israel?

Obama,,, what a loser he is!Israel should lock-up hussein on touchdown; - as obamy is just as much a threat to Israeli security as is Al Queerda or the Talirags.

"The president also will look to boost his appeal to a skeptical Israeli public, as well as to frustrated Palestinians." - I was not aware that the Israeli's had to approve him being our president.  But as long as we keep giving them more money and weapons than we keep for ourselves, I think they will approve.

So...is Obama a dismal failure because he is black or because he is a radical Marxist who started out his political career with an announcement in the living room of a Domestic terrorist?

While Obama and Hillary were busy undermining america, GIVING our fighter aircraft, tanks, and BILLIONS of our tax dollars to Israel's enemies, Obama's Muslim Brotherhood, here's a quote from a patriotic WW II hero who would strongly disagree with them;"Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom."... John F. Kennedy

The doing nothing President.  Speech will be about how great it will be when...and how it could be if...

just send his head, they can dump the rest of him in Mooocheele fake garden to feed the plants. They  must need a lot of fertilizer , seeing how  they miraculously  produce  a bounty of  perfect delicious fruit and vegetables in just a  couple of weeks ! Must be that famous obama magic the press loves tell us about !

I hope he gets his jaws smacked when he calls him BeBi...

Perhaps he can have low expectations about his All Weapons Ban if he comes back.

Testosterone (natures way of thinning the herd). Stupid warring humans

Bibi, why can't you be our president?EVERYTHING this guy has anything to do with turns to cow dun...could they keep him...that would be cool...an extended VACATION...TAXPAYERS OFF THE HOOK...WORKS FOR ME!!!

A-Kyou know how we know you arabs are losing a debate?Simple, you are having one.

What's he looking at, a fly

We ( in the U.S. ) are not only producing assault weapons to sell but areprovoking smaller nations to buy them ! The industrial military complex inthis country is without any restraint at all...The world  is afraid of us and theyare forming alliances to protect themselves..

Low expectations on the budget, too.  What a waste.

Natty poo-poo always has that I need a laxative look about him? Wonder if he has the smell as well?

Can't help but wonder if his Mideast trip isn't just for show like his meetings with the Republicans this last week.

How's he gonna explain giving 50 million to Egypt? His intentions certainly are not aligned with Israel. In fact he has made more enemies than friends. Except for the muslin brotherhood they have jobs in national security. Gee, does he really need to be removed from the presidential seat of office for the greatest good of the entire planet.

Low expectations. Hallmark of Obama's administrations.

Think he's HOMEWARD BOUND:Tonight I'll sing my songs againI'll play the game and pretendBut all my words come back to meIn shades of mediocrityLike emptyness in harmonyI need someone to comfort meHomeward boundWith our is government facing another shut down in 11 days, could this trip be another Obama "hey, buddy, can you spare a dime" begging tour?  Will it end with Obama meeting with the Chinese like the last one did?

Why doen't air force one ever crash?

But he's real good buddies with muslim brotherhood.

Israel doesn't just want the military backing of this country, but demands the moral backing of its own illegal excursions.  Hope we don't sell our souls too!

I agree. If Obama has no expectations or plan to try to resolve some of the issues in the Middle East why go at all. It sounds like he is going there to be more of a tourist then the leader of the United States, and he is doing it on our tax dollars. Obama simply is not a leader at all. I can say this because I voted for him, (last time).  He simply is all show and a poor one at best. The people in the Middle East need to see a STRONG leader from the west. I live and work here in the Middle East and I hear this from the native populations. They see us as weak. People may say what about Pres. Clinton and Bush but at least the people here in Middle East knew that they were serious about resolving issues and trying to maintain some order of peace here.

Hey Obummer, don't forget your clubs!

That's good because when he was re-elected I had low expectations. Glad he knows the feeling.

This could very well be written as "Obama heads to Mid West with low expectations".

"Why don't you go on the Carnival Cruise Line?"

"I'm a traveling man who's made a lot of stops". not just a song any more, put the CHIMPO theme song." If I can't fix, blame somebody else, or misdirect all attention away from myself, I'll just make believe that I am doing something....why not you stupid liberals will pay for it...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA." -   BRICK OSAMAI hope every one made note of these comments in this article. Once again a president that does nothing, moves the issues and down the road someone else can deal with an evan larger problem,  what a true Statesman...??? Save my Legacy, at all costs !!His goal will be trying to keep the troubles, from Iran's suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians, from boiling over on his watch."This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip," said Aaron David Miller, an adviser

Four more years of NOTHING.

His first 2 speeches will be from "obama doubles" , just in case they have good snipers , there

That's great!  Maybe they will keep him!

He is not trying to accomplish anything...imagine that. I , for one, believe him this time.

Enjoy your trip to your motherland, Mr President!

Wipe that hatefilled ungodly smirk off your face Or I will just let you and Islam both self destruct

"...now weakened Netanyahu"-these writers don't pay much attention to what actually goes on in other countries, do they? They're too busy sniffing around Obama's rear end to realize that Netanyahu's government is actually more stable and solid that it was previously. But hey, don't let facts get in the way! They haven't yet with all the liberal whining, lies, and coverup!!!

Maybe he can go to Egypt and detail a few of the 200 new tanks that he gave to the Muslim Brotherhood.

He doesn't expect the Israelis' to understand his,Arming the Muslim BrotherhoodAnd disarming US citizensGod, I hope he stays there toes up.

Bye bye Netanyahu. See ya--wouldnt wanna be ya.

Can we get George Buush back, I miss him more every day.!

Headline should of read: "Middle East has low expectations for Obama"

I would encourage you to read what the Bible says about Israel and it's encounter with Iran (Persia)...Read Ezekiel 37-39....you may discount what the Bible says, you may laugh at it, ridicule the Bible....but read these chapters and look at what has happened in the MIddle East, what is happening, and what is going to happen. It is quite amazing at how true the Bible is when it comes to prophecy.

Lets hope he stops in Egypt and stays there.

Forget expectation, I hope the Israeli money extortion is low.

what it will take to get back to the negotiating table.For the people in the world to stop killing each other in the name of God.

I had low expectations from this socialist bozo from the start. Of course the media will make him a great preetzi wether he is or not

This story tries to soft-peddle the obvious that our fearless pantload and chief is about as useful as #$%$ on a bull. What a joke. Go ahead "the fix is in" noble prize you token.Good..get the idiot  out the u.s.Can't stand to look at that idiot  !!!Netanyahu should spit in his face..Giving morisi of egypt..muslim  brotherhoodour  f -16  fighter  jets.What an  idiot stupid  move  by the  idiot  in  the white  house !!!

Now he delivers his insults in person.  Way to go dummy.

I'm sure they have low expectations of him also. I know I do.

Tell Israel to quit killing babies.

I know this has nothing to do with the article, but Nethanyahu is damn creepy-looking.

Boycott Israel until Palestine is free! Don't buy anything that starts with the bar code: '729'!!

"Obama returns to Muslim Countries To Report Progress of USA Destruction to Terrorist Fractions". "Is given token for 1200 extra virgins upon his death by highest ranking Cleric".

"This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip,"  WHY is he going unless he is willing to open the White House???  He says it is the secret service budget which he is certainly increasing with all of these trips.  STAY home if you aren't going to accomplish anything please.

Lets sing a song? Ready? Here we go.. .Ohhohohooh ahahaha where ever the wind blows the Kenyan knows where to go, highs and lows, he doesn't know, the king of the world Mr. /\/@6r0 will have Paris, Rome, and go dancing, in a loin cloth with Jeronimo here's looking at scarlet fever and branded with mistakes in the HALL OF FAME:-D.

Hope he stays there!Is he taking his food taster along?

This is a good trip that is long overdue but why publish his complete itinerary when the president is headed to the most volatile region of the earth, this is not smart.

Obama somehow I dont see you having any trouble finding the mosque in the city of Jerusalem. Im sure your use to taking your shoes off by now.

Is the President delivering America's latest weaponry do Israel can defend itself against rock throwers?

Funny how the crazy right think leaders are only those who do for the rich and start libelous wars they don't fight themselves.

There is no end to the lowness that is Bibi the Nut. It's a bottomless pit.

Low expectations but lets see how much he spends over there. Billions to EVERYBODY.

Maybe if Obama sent Kerry first then expectations would be higher when he and Michelle showed up. Oh, that's right, Mishka can't come - she's working. On her tan. Oops! Sorry, I mean working on her golf swing. No, that can't be right - that's Barry. Well, she's taking a separate vacation somewhere else outside the country she finally is proud of.

Netanyahu would still like to have the US draw the "red line" with Iran so that when breached, it's the US's war not Israel's. Oh, they'd be there for us. But, it would be OUR war, not theirs. He's a dangerous man, with his let's go nuke everyone position.

If the SOB has low expectations then why is he going, he will meet with his muslime buddies and tell the how bad the US is.Bibi will have to really control his laughter while trying not to laugh in this pathetic president`s face.

It's his excuse to prolong the budget!  He don't give a rats #$%$ about anything!

The only thing Obama is good at is destroying the Constitution .

Note to Repubs:  Why don't you recognize "diplomacy" and it's vast importance.   Why do you think we have a Foreign Relations Committee?   You think that is a waste, also?

another multi million dollar vacation disguised as foreign policy.

Then why go; save the money, or send someone else with a more positive attitude .

Secret Service decides to close White House tours.

The Obama nutbag lickers keep trying to blame Bush for 9/11, BUT they lie and hide the fact that it was Bill Clinton who was given the oppurtunity to capture Obama Bin Laden; HE TURNED IT DOWN; Result ...3,000 Americans were killed on US soil.

His job approval rating dumped to 40% so out of the 60% that think he sucks how many do you think are praying that he doesn't come back? Last I checked freedom of speech and I am inquisitive in nature. Can we get a poll on this?

Sahra Palin makes obama look like a bafoon Thats because he is. Obama is a liar period.Drop Dead Obama!I wonder if he'll stay a night or two in Benghazi? If not why?

Will Obama bow down to Aqmadinijad like Carter did to the little AIDSTroll Yassir Arafat?

Hopefully he will stay over there or crash on the way back.

Where was the media with this headline last year?  Why low expectations now?  For me, I have NO expectations for this fool of a president.

Obama can deliver a message from the American Tax Payers. - "Cut off all Foreign Aid to Israel Terrorist State!!!"

Time for another pucker up session with Israel.

Maybe they will keep him?  Hopefully Hillary, Nancy, Diane, Harry, Barney, Eric, Rahm, etc. and whole bunch will be with him and they will grant them amnesty?

I hope he stays in the middle east

Quick! Check the silverware the Muslim is going home to roost!..Lets hope he takes uncle Biden with him

Why do the FOX watchin' booger eaters love Jews unless they're American?Didn't think any prez could be worse then Jimmy Carter......wrong!

Everytime he goes overseas, I do not like it, he donate our taxpayer money to foreign countries, let us see how much it is going to cost us, this time, up until now I have never seen any foreign country donating money to the U.S. We are almost broke as this time, that is why the national deficit must be increased again and our taxes also.

To kiss their butts!

Most likely it would end with a visit to his muslim brotherhood pals. maybe to give them a couple million dollars of our hard earned money.

Hope he stays.

I hope he freakin' stays there!!!

Here's a thought. Stay over there Barry. This country, was much better off without you.

"Hope he stays there" (as many have posted).  Obama doesn't like Jews and hates Netanyahu .... Egypt would suit Obama much better ... he could declare himself Pharaoh there and put Moo-chelle in a burka and  inspire a new musical callled: ..."Camelrot."

I think the statement "this is not about accomplishing anything now" should be a slogan for Obama's legacy.  He has accomplished nothing other than bringing our nation to the edge of economic collapse, demeaning America, and appealing to 18yr olds which indicates his level of intelligence in my opinion.  What a waste of our taxpayer money once again.  Will Michele take her kids on another vacation during his absence?

LATEST NEWS UPDATE!  The LOCUSTS  have just put on their little yamakas and are headed toward Jerusalem!!This is not about accomplishing anything now. "Yesterday Obama was reported say Iran is a year away from a nuclear bomb, then this knuckle head says :""This is not about accomplishing anything now.This is what I call a down payment trip," said Aaron David Miller, an adviser on Mideast peace to six secretaries of state who is now at the Woodrow Wilson International Center.Looks more like a hospice visit, before Israel is gone!

If were lucky he'll step on a landmine lets hope for the best

If we're lucky they"ll keep him.

Netanyahu, has a list of demand for Mr. Obama including one relinquish your power to me.

Some of you out there voted for this trickster!  Suck it up and enjoy the free ride ya all gave him.  Every day another shoe will drop on our heads .... LAME DUCK BARRY and QUEEN OOHGAMOOGA cannot leave soon enough ....

He should bow to everyone he meets... He's the greatest half egro president we ever had....

He has the cargo hold of Air force 1 loaded with cash for his jihadist family.

Obama's real purpose of visit is to buy a new praying mat and a gold Quran at taxpayers expense. Inshalala-Allalalalaaaa says Obama, as soon as he sees his Muslim homies at the slums of Palestine.

OBAMA, to Netanyahu: "I'll trade you Limbaugh, #$%$ and Ailes...for some soggy Falafel, a soiled Yarmulke, and a Yacov Smirnov VHS tape."NETANYAHU: "Throw in that cute Oriental China Doll Michelle Malkin...and it's a deal."OBAMA: "DONE!"

Let's hope he has a one-way ticket.