My mom would have used a word for this; she would have called it "stealing."

Congress will not give up their "perks" of insider trading.Government officials are nothing but legal criminals.We the people go to prison for the same things they do.But to them it's a "perk" that they voted for themselves.

Governments are getting out of control!  They run up debt and expect the families that have been thrifty to bail them out.  We need thrifty government.

Have you noticed how over the years the government and business have been pushing us off of having cash in hand and towards funds on deposit? I guess it's too much trouble to raid the mattresses.

Just a test run for Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece - then for the rest of Europe and then for the USA...

Just another day in the Euro Zone. Go to bed with $100,000 in savings and wake up with $90,000. Suprise!!!

I'm beginning to beleive the safest place for your money is under your mattress. You won't make anything on it, but you won't lose any either.

You can't run on the banks if they are closed for just that purpose like in this article. Anyone that says that can't happen here is a fool.

The Cypriot People should let their banks fail, leave the EU, repudiate the debt, reinstitute the Cypriot Pound, devalue the currency and give the EU the finger...

It called "stealing".  Oh wait! Is that not also what the USA did or is attempting to do  Social Security?

This is probably the most important story in the news and it took 2 days for the people in the US to even take the time to read it.Keep in mind, this is government taking YOUR money to give it to someone who did not earn it.At least the government of Cyprus is honest and upfront about taking saver's money. In the USA we print more and more money and just watch the value of our deposits go down and few say anything about it at all.

This should scare the bejeebers out of every person that has managed to tuck a few bucks aside.  "Isn't it fair that those that have more share with those that have less?"  "Isn't it greedy to have all that money and not help those in need?"  Get ready, the priming has begun!  Those of you (myself included) that have tirelessly worked and saved for retirement and have a little nest egg for that express purpose, watch out....they'll be coming for ours next.

There is something seriously wrong with a govenment that can reach into your bank account and take what they want with no legal recourse available to the citizens.

"The trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money."  --Margaret Thatcher

And when that money runs out then what?

Why do people say the Obama regime WILL DO  THIS too?   As if Washington wasn't already doing this to Savers and non-government-employee-retirees.   Fact is Washington via The Fed Reserve Manipulators and Politicians has already stolen far more of private industry employees savings.  You've been paid less than 1% on your bank deposit savings since 2008 Finan. Crash right?   It should have been minimum of 5% interest earned per year, was normal "min. bank interest" from 1960 - 2007. So you lost 4 to 5% interest on your money the past 5 years, even though the US$ goes down in value from inflation (caused by the Fed. Govern. Deficits) which means actually 20 - 25% of your money was CONFISCATED -- to pay the huge deficits of our government to subisdize illegal immigrants with $Xthousands Child Tax Credits and Earned Income Tax Credits of $5000 bonuses each the IRS pays them, despite most of Obama's people don't pay income taxes.

2 months ago I was called a right wing wacko when I mention that Ried and Pelosi were floating  how to get 401k money with 19 trillion sitting there. wake up

It wouldn't come as a surprise if members of the cabinet do not fall within the term "all people with money in Cypriot banks"

Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.

Any country can "nationalize" the banks and seize everything you own. It is much easier if the population is disarmed.Greece could use a good energy or environmental scam to boost their economy...

Coming here soon.

In Liberal Newspeak, this is known as people "paying their fair share".

Dammit!!  You can bet there are people in Washington, right now, trying to determine if they could do this here.

Only a test run for the rest of Europe...

This type of thing is exactly why our founders wrote the Second Amendment.This is the exact type of tyranny and trampling of the rights of the people they had in mind.There's no way something like this happens in the US as long as WE REMAIN ARMED!And our government knows it.The plan is to DISARM America and then the stealing of our money and austerity measures can progress with little interference from those pesky American citizens.

European Socialism at its best ??

Just to show how wrong this is, they've CLOSED the banks, not just in lueu of a vote, but to KEEP people from withdrawing their OWN money!!!  It's at THAT POINT that government has over-stepped it's boundaries and a revolt by the people is deemed necessary!!!

That is incredible... I wonder if our crooks in the U.S. have the stones to pull this on us.

Until politicians have the stones to go after the entitlement crowd, the U.S. will continue on a unsustainable spending spree that will lead to the demise of this once great nation. Unfortunately calling it like it is, is political suicide.Take illegals for instance. The media and politicians will NEVER give you the full scope of the amount of damage they cost our economy. Politicians need the Hispanic vote, and local media (ie: newspapers and network television) need their business. We're Effed!!!The world Government that protested commie ruled countries are now acting like commies. What right does any government have to take the money you have in a bank then give it to the same bank. Wait!!! This is what the US Government has done to Social Security, Medicare, and a lot of company stocks.

The idea of confiscating Americans' retirement accounts to fund Social Security has already been floated in Washington.Basically, the Fed would seize our IRAs, 401(k)s, etc. and then write us a check every month when we retire.

"The problem with socialism, is eventually running out of someone elses money" - Margaret Thatcher

But O thinks he can make leftist economics work here.Idiot.

And who isn't going to pull their cash out of the banks now.

How can they do that? The people didn't pay attention to what was going on in their government spending until it was to lateHow will it work? The government comes in and double taxes your money and you have no recorse or say so on it.Has this ever happened before? Yes, 1938 I believe, right before the third reich started telling people how much of everything , money food provisions, they could have in their home.Who does it effect? Last time it happened, the entire freaking world!

"Cyprus built its economy in recent years by becoming a financial center, much the way Ireland and Iceland before it did. Its banks offered Internet accounts to foreigners, were renowned for their service, provided substantial privacy to clients and had very low taxes."Ah... now I understand... another country where banks did their usual funny business simply with smoke and mirrors... I'm sure a little digging and the names of the usual suspects will pop out... Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, etc... etc...

This is beyond ignorant. If they did take a percentage of your money that was in the bank, would you not withdraw the rest of it and never put another dime in again??

It's called spreading the wealth. People with a few dollars should have to give their money to big banks. Ask our politicians.

Since Iceland arrested the bankers for their fraud and let the banks fail, the Icelandic economy has stabilized and grown since the 2008 crash. And their government's budget is nearly balanced.Cyprus the first domino in the New World Order. See what you voted in to Office Liberals

Coming to a country near you! the Glorious Leader has been studying seizing 401ks to be "Doled Out" in retirement payments,long after the government blows it on vote buying "REDISTRIBUTION !

The reason this has not yet happened in the us is because of 300 Million firearms floating around.

Use your local Credit Union. Way Mo Betta

Obamas eyes just had dollar signs appear in them

This kind of political garbage is EXACTLY why we want and need a 2nd amendment.  This is flat out stealing.

This is what happens when totalitarians run out of other people’s money. When they can no longer hide their greed and thievery behind the pretense of “equality” and “social justice” they have to take off their masks and expose themselves as the authoritarian thugs they are and grab from the useful idiots that gave them the power in the first place.

Still want to ban assault weapons and high capacity magazines? Your government does! Then they can rob you blind without fear of reprisal.

If that won't start a revolution nothing will.

I finally understand why gold is so expensive.Keep using your Debit, Credit Cards people go ahead!!

Hey Obama, read this and understand why we need to get our debt under control.

The people of Cypress need to lynch anybody in their government that votes for this #$%$, and if they tried this in the US wellWe have our guns so come and get it.

This is stealing from the people plain and simple.  After this happens who would want to ever keep their money in the bank?  What if they again decide they need more money and maybe take 40 or even 50%.  If this deal goes through I for one will take my money out, better safe than sorry.

The US is bankrupt just like Greece or Cyprus.  The only difference is the dollar.  Because it is the defacto world currency we have been able to print or devalue our way along for the last couple of years.  All bets are off when an alternative stable currency surfaces. Don't bet against that as China is promoting a gold backed currency, and the Japan Yen or Brazilian Real are gaining favor.

pelosi, reid and oblamer had dinner last night and salivated about the possibility of just taking money instead of trying to pass one of those pesky taxes again.

You know obama is looking at this and thinking "Why didn't I think of that"?

"On Tuesday, Cypriot lawmakers are scheduled to vote on a revised plan that would not be so burdensome for people with less than €100,000 in the bank."Remind you of something?  Oh right,it is less than $250,000. Guess they have a lower number over there to be rich.

Had Cyprus handled it the way Iceland did, they wouldn't be in this boat now.

The EU truly miscalculated in creating this crisis.  They thought that they could steal people's money in order to "stabilize" the Cypriot banks - when they should have gone after the bondholder like they do in any typical bankruptcy.  But since the ECB and IMF have purchased significant amount of Cyprian bank bonds, if the Cyprian banks failed, they would have had to write down those losses.  That is what they were trying to avoid.Instead the whole thing has backfired, weakening the entire banking system, Europe-wide...When you rob Peter to pay Paul, you never hear Paul complain!  To many politicians, this is a great idea. . .probably many in our government are seriously considering the same confiscation of private assets!

The 'fat lady' is warming up to sing.. in Europe and then on to..FYI. America did not just have a $1.3+ trillion deficit in 2012.. it also had a $6.5+ trillion unfunded liability. This is the added amount that has been promised to Social Security, Medicare and Pres Drug recipients. That total is a mind-boggling $123 trillion ($123,000,000,000,000). ~$1 million / taxpayer.

And so the run on banks will start.

All of us in the US will get the opportunity to bang on locked bank doors one day....Europe's just the preview.

When this comes home, it will be ugly for everyone. The cypriots are not as well armed as we are. This goverment would fall.

Wow! Their bankers are almost as bad as ours!

It is becoming more and more difficult to justify the progressive agenda...but then again, those of us who have studied history know that it has always been a house of cards.

1 key aspect of this story is that Cyprus lowered the rate for the under 100,000 Euro accounts. In other words, for the masses. Governments are still afraid of The People. It is well past time to give our own Government a reminder.

Remember we don't have a debt problem in the U.S. either. You should be proud of the morons you voted into office. You will be remembered for generations to come.

when will obama try this one.The people of Cyprus better revolt and stand up for their rights.  If they don't, this outrageous theft of taxpayer money could be viewed as an option by other inept politicians who cannot govern and control spending.

My cash, such as it is, I keep where I can get my hands on all of it in a moments notice. If there was a run on the banks here the FDIC would have to print an enormous amount of money just to cover the deposits for the insured amount. The spike that would cause in inflation would render your money near useless anyway.  People should prepare for the worst and hope for the best.

It will not be too much longer before we hear that's what Obama will do to pay for the debt he ran up in this country.

How long before this outrageous scenario is implemented in the United States?

Theft by G O V happening now Across America

It's false to call this a tax.  Taxes are on money earned not money saved that taxes have already been paid on.

Can you say Civil War....

This is one reason governements want gun control.  It's easier to take from you if your unarmed.

obama recently authorized government to have the power to look at our bank accounts----could taking part or all of our savings be in the back of his mind!???

I guess their leaders are happy all the people have is bottles and rocks, hey wait the demoRats want our guns here, I wonder if there is a coalition between the two???Think this won't happen in USA!?

This is the NWO; No personal property, no money, no borders, no guns, but mandated adherence to the 'law' that the global elites impose on us all.

America's future right there. This administration has already built class warfare despite touting Obama as the great uniter. We have a part of our society depemndant uopon Govt for their daily needs, and Govt cannot give to them what it does not first take from someone else. we alreadt have accepted different tax brackets based upon income, this will be an easy sale to those not affected by it. As a note I am not in the higher tax bracket but disagree with it, and disagree even more with what Cyprus is doing, sure seems like an easy step for our Govt to take next.

since the federal govt. is now part owner of our three biggest lending institutions ,how long before this happens to us???.....no wonder they are trying so hard to take our guns away!

Socialism at it's best!  Don't laugh, we (America) are headed in that direction!

This is exactly what happens when to spend more money than you bring in.  This is what happens when you ignore a problem too long and it finally becomes to big to fix.  They've taxed their citizens so much, stiffeling business so much that there's not enough income to tax.  So instead of cutting spend they are "raising revenue" the only way they can.  Our current leaders in the democratic party are following this model to a tee.

Here in the City of Houston 40+% of our budget goes to police enforcement and the police pension. We don't want to increase taxes but every year the budget for police enforcement and the pension plan increases. but we don"t want to increase taxes and every year the budget goes up. These countries should look into cutting police expenditures. Oh wait how stupid that is. The police unions negotiated those benefits. Can't touch that.

How is that liberal, socialist, EU thing working out for ya? This is the result of liberal policies, spending more money then you make...bankruptcy. Liberal policies = failure.

with eyes wide open you have placed in charge an administration who's sole intent is to financially equalize every man, woman and child.   So you're clearly the best positioned to  figure out  the lengths they're willing to go  to accomplish that scheme within four years, and how it will personally injure or benefit you...be sure to keep all possible options on the table, keeping in mind that their idiology is premised on shared pain, not shared pleasure

Odd how the wealthy do not distribute their money like they want us to dothe last thing you want to do is steal money from Russians

"Social Democracies" are half-baked smiley-face despotisms.

This type of thing is exactly why our founders wrote the Second Amendment. This is the exact type of tyranny and trampling of the rights of the people they had in mind. There's no way something like this happens in the US as long as we remain armed. And our government knows it.

AMERICA!!....welcome to your future!!

I am far right-----I want to keep everything I worked for. If we need a civil war to do it--so be

My mattress is safer than ANY bank ANY more!

It's called bank robbery.  We use a different twist in the USA and it is more effective.  Our bankers just steal the Bank and then get the public to pay them back for their "losses"

Quit putting your money in banks. We don't need them. They have made this dependency purposefully. Jeez, people this is coming here too. Let the #$%$ collapse. Purge the "controllers" let them starve, until they get a moral compass.

That will foster trust in the nation's govt and banking system....not.

Watch out we are next!Cyprus the Obama dream.

Let me explain something. When you purchase a security, (i.e. a government backed bond) you incur the risk of loss. Same as purchasing a stock, speculating on a commodity or purchasing a rare coin in hopes it will become a collectors item. Based on that explanation, what on earth would make you think that someone else should be responsible for covering your loss in the event the value of your item decreased?This is blatant theft of the people's money. Don't think for a second that it can't happen here or anywhere else in the world. It's been proven time and time again that when the banks get in a pinch, they will steal their depositors assets. Look up MF global if you don't believe me.

LOL if they do this, they have just made the problem worse.  Nobody in their right mind will ever put money in a european bank again.  I think all politicians everywhere are complete idiots and have NO clue what the effects of their disguised thievery will do to their countries in the future.

Nice way to reduce confidence in banking.  If Cyprus gets away with this look for other governments to do the same.

The socialist countries are falling like dominos, and the U.S. enthusiastically looks to join them. Well, it is very likely that this time, when another Hitler rises up over there as their entitlement societies crumble, the U.S. won't be in a position to provide military assistance, as we will be in the process of crumbling too.

I see this is a final act of desperation. Thought they refer to this as a "one-off", I see it as a strong possibility that the entire system will collapse. If they can do this once, they will do it over and over again across Europe. Just because they can.

Obama already stole 760 Billion from Medicare to pay for Obamacare.The Clintons Have proposed years ago the scheme of taking over all the IRA's,401k's and retirement accounts and allowing the governemnt to dole out the money to the tune of what they feel is necessary for you to live on.Calling ot redistribution of wealth.

Can you imagine the US Gov taking money from your private bank accounts. Wow..........uh.........hold on a second.............What?? Obamacare does EXACTLY that?? Uh oh.

Lets see..........Oblundercare gives the Feds access to citizens bank accounts.  Anyone see the upcoming withdrawal?? Stupid GD Democrats!!

Before the U.S. would start doing things like that they'd have to take our guns away first. Oh, wait a minute...I think the more important question is when will the US government due the same thing....

Time to overthrow this government.

Can anyone say California?

Looks like socialist Cypress finally ran out of money.

And people wonder why the United States' founding fathers ensured citizens' right to bear arms to protect themselves from tyrannical government.

Don't think it can't happen here. It already has. It came in the form of 20 new taxes in Obama Care. Taxes on "Cadillac health plans", "medical supplies", "no insurance tax" and more.

It's always a good move to remove all confidence in the banking institutions by seizing a percentage of the deposits- not!  Have they lost their bloody minds in Europe?

And now you know why I have been pulling my money out and hiding it ever since Obama was elected the first time.  His re-election was no surprise to me.If off-shore is good enough for Mitt, it's A-OK by me.

How about the politicians work for free until they balance the budget! ha......

And this is why people stuff cash in mattresses, and why I'm going to start.Coming soon to US banks as well if we keep running our debt up...Except it will be YOUR bank account then.Our banks already got bailed out before....

All those social policies cost money and have to  be paid for one way or another.  If a government has to steal from its citizens oh well, you asked for it now pay for it.

This looks really good to thug obama.  If any one out there is not afraid of our government now then you are a fool.

No difference between this and 'making the rich pay their fair share'. It's just how libs can steel and get away with it.

I cannot say this strongly enough. Most of my wealth has been invested in Oregon real estate, and I have watched as The State's central planning has done this same thing, piecemeal, to everyone who owns a square foot in Oregon. The 5th amendment has been ignored and twisted. They have done it, not to "profit" the State, but in the name of environment and social engineering, guiding, encouraging, and inhibiting "growth", ie: the State controlling the owners' usage of his own wages, his own wealth, his own property. 95% of the value of your property can be stripped away with impunity, regardless of your intentions, your Constitutional guarantees, or your family's generations of labor. The State, Local, and Federal Governments collude to grasp power over the fruits of people's labor, the wages of decades, of lifetimes, and family generations, throwing the citizen into de-facto slavery to The State.This State's Control of private property has metastasized into something truly malignant to real Freedom. It is based not on right, but on Power alone. It cannot be corrected from within Government. Because of Portland's narcissistic transient population of dreamers, a few families of power brokers have colluded to control the wealth of the State, and are doing quite well for themselves, spending Billions even against the specific votes, the expressed will of the People. Looking at the examples of all of the history of humanity, I do not see it being corrected by anything short of famine or blood.This little screed is thrown together quickly, without editing. It is not the polished, elegant, practiced delivery of a political "performer". It isn't like Martin Luther's '95 Theses' nailed to the Wittenburgh Church's door. It will not start the much needed changes. Others can (and bloody well should) say it better than me. But again, closing on 3/4 century of observation, one who loves both the land and his fellow man is telling you in subdued tones, this subset of local government, "protectors",  and socializing "educators" have got to go.Momento Mori, People. Make your life count. To go along is to be just another snowflake in the avalanche that is destroying our country. And not a single snowflake in that great, destructive slide, believes itself to be responsible.

Another "too big to fail".  Imagine American banking that is 8 times American GDP.  Those banks should never have  been allowed to get that big.  The little people pay, as usual.

There is already an executive order, signed by Obama in October, 2012, that basically allows our government to do the same thing.Burying in the back yard is getting more and more attractive.

The right to bear arms &amp; the obligation to bag some politicians if they pull some stuff like that here.  But not to worry Obama just does it more discreetly just print money until you devalue the savings people have spent their lives making, just so he can buy the deadbeat vote.

I personally saw this coming &amp; took steps to ensure my assets. I truly hope all you people who voted for Obama &amp; the Demoncrats get everything taken from you. It serves you right!!

LMAO!! that good ol slippery slope has turned into a Ski jump. Liberalism, the gift that takes.Too bad, no 2nd amendment.

We need to remember that is was the other EU members that made this suggestion to Crete. These are the same governments that Obama "wishes" we were more like. I suggest you keep an eye on this country and businesses. If you start hearing that businesses are emptying their bank accounts, even a rumor, that if you have savings you empty yours also.

It is absolutely certain that Obama is salivating over activities in Cyprus.  At some point, the Chinese will take the same tact that Germany did.  Mr. Obama, before we will loan you more money, we want you to look to Cyprus.  In a heartbeat, he will.

The short form of Monopoly."Players role dice to see who gets to be banker. He wins!

I tell people the U.S. is headed for a civil war. It will be a war between the producers and the takers-----The good point is the producers are the ones that are armed------

If this happens in America------LET THE CIVIL WAR BEGIN-----We can build gallows in front of the Capital building---- lock and load-----

The US government is already looking into taking over all 401k's. Their plan is to manage them for you, pay intrest on your fund and add it to your socilal security if you get any. Hey the Democrats know that there is about 3 trillion dollars tied up in 401's that they can manage better than you can. Watch and see.

If it's Socialism you want - you shall have the taxes to pay for it.

Actually, it is illegal under European Union laws. A bank account is owned by a private citizen, and the government cannot 'seize' any part of it without a change in legislation or a court decision justifying it. They haven't been to court, and there has been no parliamentary decision on this.

unbelieveable.Why are the citizens responsible for the massive Government debt ?! Same story every time in every country -- go after the citizens of the country, not the people who caused the problems in the first place. Ream the citizens, put them all in the poverty bracket. These governments are out of control, and here in the U.S. the democrats are exactly the same way. If someone else has money, it is THEIRS for the taking. And let's hurt all the honest hard working SAVERS at the same time. Heaven forbid a government "lawmaker" lose their job for being incompetent or causing panic, or coming up with DUMB catastrophic IDEAS. Let's punish the CITIZENS. Urrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh.Politicians mismanaged the money and now want to steal from their people...Absolutely pathetic.

Congress has been looking at 401K deposits in America since 2008, wanting to pull this kind of #$%$. It won't be allowed here.....

So, if the FDIC guarantees our money will we get it back when the democrats try this stunt on us?

This article is to feed you warm milk.  The theft of depositor money can and may cause a run on banks in any are all of the weaker European banks.  That in turn would sink the stronger European banks.  That would suck in the US, China and anyone else that sells anything to Europe.  The US can not afford to openly support Europe for fear of civil disorder at home.  Clandestine support through the IMF and World Bank has been blocked for now in Congress.Stay tuned, this is much bigger than your liberal media sources will tell you.

Another Liberal Socialist idea headed your way via BHO......if you think it cannot happen here, you are mistaken. Nationalization of banks is coming and then the Government can seize your assets at will. It is called redistribution of wealth......does that sound familiar??

Coming soon to the USA obama bail out money plan KEEP NONE OF YOUR SAVINGS IN A BANK ANY WHERE!!!!!! the fall will be world wide watch and see.......

Is there any thing fundamentally different from grabbing 10% of bank deposits than the levy of property tax. This action is mainly troublesome do to it being unanticipated - a surprise. Surprises in taxation and public policy is certainly not desirable.

Coming soon to a theater near you...Obamacare has a provision for the Federal Government to raid your bank account without your permission.

The EU a bunch of socialist lefty aristocrates without  a clue just want to seized private property and the white house has no comment... probably because they were thinking the same thing.

So all that means is Russia is gonna buy that country up for pennies on the dollar when it's all said and doneWow... talk about making it so people won't want to put ANY money into a bank in the future...Short term solution with long term (negative) implications...

Oh the devil in the WH would love to be able to do this in the US.

See what socialism brings....bankruptcy and government theft of your money. Too much government and they will do it here. Mark my words.

Watching this unfold and listening to Dems and obama say we dont have a debt crisis and Ryan is wrong for going for a balanced budget makes me fear our future!

Watch out the Dems are probably planning the same thing for here

I might add, the longer the banks are forced to stay closed the more likely there will be a deflationary spiral.

Obama is probably appointing a committee as you read this to see if he can do it here to pay down the debt while increasing givaways.

Good to see that everything is still so much better in Europe where everything is FREE than it is in the United States.

This is how socialism runs out of other peoples money.... get it?

with the help of our new "health-care" laws in the USA the IRS will have access to bank accounts ,,,  the government decides how much you will pay and makes sure you dothis shouldn't even be an issue!!!

Just a matter of time before Obama demands the same thing here, all the while calling it a "patriotic duty".

Next stop America.  I imagine Obama would have no problem doing the same thing.

I would bet that there is already in place, an executive order that allows our government to do the same thing.Remember, in the depression, they actually closed banks down. Depositors could not get their money out.

I read there is a provision in Obama-care that says our Government will be asking for our account numbers in the future in case they would need to be bailed out, yea yea i know won't ever happen here. Allot of people in this Country are in complete denial of what is going on.

Every nation around the world should learn to control spending. Almost every country in the world seems to be running in a deficit and just keeps borrowing more and more money that they can not pay back, and then they want the citizens to bail them out whether it be through seizing bank accounts or ever increasing taxes and fees. People all over the world are getting sick of their government crying the blues.

Do you believe that there was actually any REAL reform to our own banking system? Let me clue you in- the bankers wrote the reform provisions. They are still doing the same things that collapsed the entire world's economy. It is only a matter of time now.

HEY EVERYBODY take a good long look at this manipulation.Cause it's coming to a country near you...SOCIALISM 101...control the media,control the education system,control the unions,control energy,control markets.control the money supply.Be happy being poor cause Buttface and computer guy Bill aint gonna lose theirs just you little people.

Now, tell me again how growing and empowering inept, incompetent, and corrupt government with more authority and money, while depriving the people of their rights and possessions, one by one, is a good thing...?

Coming to a liberal state near you..Makes a pretty good case for stuffing your cash in a floor safe!

And if you think that can't happen here you are really delusional

Don't think for a second this couldn't happen here. I can just see this administration trying to justify to everyone why they shut down all banks to prevent people from accessing their money while they take what they need. All the while Obama and Biden will be laughing their #$%$ off and the poor left that support them won't give a #$%$ because they didn't save any money anyway. Get a safe and get some gold people. Make sure you are armed to protect your families. I never felt the need to own guns but am well trained while being in the military. I think it's time before its too late. The attack on our second amendment is here. And there is a reason why Biden wants you too all own shotguns. It will be easier for his troops to take you out if you have a simple shotgun when they have assault rifles.

Wait until personal 401K accounts become "pooled" and renamed GRA (government retirement account) to be (re)distributed "Fairly".  There already have been meetings on it chaired by Sen. Harken.  undre the guise this will be for the poor among us who couldn't have a chance to save for retirement.  THAT will be about an 18 Trillion dollar heist of personal property.  Just wait and watch.  Wait too long at your own peril...

This is what happens when you teach generations that everyone must get a trophy...

I am sure the Obama administration is thinking about this too. First he went after the Swiss account so that he can rope the rich back to the US.

Stealing from the poor to give to the rich. I hope they burn down the government.

This is the result of a country that keeps spending and keeps denying they have a debt problem, and which wants to "redistribute" wealth, and which sees "millionaires" and "billionaires" as the bad guys from whom we should take wealth and "give" to the government and to those who don't want to work.

Everyone should pull ALL their money out of the big banks. Whach them squirm and die...

I wonder how they'll sidestep the laws governing a citizen's deposit protection for up to 100,000 Euros.. You can't tax a deposit if the account holder is entitled to the money back..It can happen here in the US too. Makes you think hard about burying money in the backyard and flower pots.

I've been calling for parity in the exchange rate for the Euro and the Dollar for several years.  After this incident I think the exchange rate should be around $.75 per Euro instead of $1.25 per Euro.

This AM: ==Dems preserve US-Mexico food stamp 'partnership,' while USDA prepares for meat inspector furloughs==America, you have a prez who purposely seeks to punish those who DARE him.  Obama as Caesar, reclining in a royal box overlooking an arena, giving an order thumb up or down !

It's nothing but a government sponsored bank robbery. I only fear that this move has given our politicians a new idea as to how to take more of our money.

Cypress is an example of what will happen in the US in the coming years.  Spend more than you take in and someday you will have to pay for it. Keep giving to the takers and taking from those who work hard and save.  Paying your fair share is another way of saying take from those who work hard and give to thoise who don't want to work.

Thanks for this.  You just gave Obama a new idea on how to raise additional "revenue."

So I suspect the sale of personal home safes, mattresses, and other places to stash your cash will go up significantly.

Socialism: The government giveith - the government takeithHang on, America.  Voting has consequences.

We already have a redistribution of wealth going on in USA.  It is called a perpetual bad economy which brings with it low interest rates.Most retirees saved money (wealth) all their lives.  In the past, they could earn 5-7% interest on this principal and supplemnt social security.  They were able to live off of this interest year after year without really touching principal. Then when they died pass it on to their heirs.Now because of low interest rates people are having to spend their principal (wealth) now which is about the same as redistribute it from their estates

...and people think it can't happen here in the US, wake up!!! How do you think they are going to pay off $17,000,000,000,000.00 dollars......and counting?? Because they won't stop spending our tax dollars and make the cuts that need to happen....in ALL programs!!!Why do you think more and more people have been moving money in to gold and silver and other physical assets..?? Not only as a hedge against inflation (..its coming a lot worse than it already has) but also getting rid of the almighty dollar. Every day the federal reserve prints more dollars, yours are worth less!!!! (...if you are smart enough to buy gold/silver or whatever....make sure you take physical possession of it, no point in leaving it in a bank...??)This will back fire when the government discovers that those who paid tax's no longer will or will cheat to get their money back.

Comming to a bank near you!

If you think this can't happen in the United States, then you don't know liberals.  They are already considering doing this with your 401K.  And notice............raising taxes accomplished nothing to get their economy going.  In fact, it didn't even help with their government spending.  Obama told them they needed to control their spending and cut taxes but he won't do that here.  And that's amazing to me.

Pelosi has already said the government should go after 401K accounts.....

if you dont think it could happen here ,look again.odummer and his croanies are trying to find a way to get thier hands on peoples retirement funds.dont believe it? look it up.thier looking at billions of dollars in 401's,IRA,and roth accounts.using the guise of a gov.managed retirement system.wake up people,it can and will happen if you dont say and do something about it!!!!

Why left/liberal politicians want to take your guns... makes taking your wealth easier.

Does anyone here remember what plans the Dems were trying to hatch in either 2008 or 2010 regarding 401k plans here in the U.S?.  they wanted to penalize those who have saved for retirement by taking assets to help out those who have not saved for retirement. I am pretty sure they still have something in the works for us here in the U.S.

I wonder how many US politicians are thinking of hitting our 401K savings because "They aren't going to live that long anyway !". Marshall Law coming to your neighborhood soon.

US Congress is drooling at the idea .

Banks in Cyprus will remain shut until Thursday to give political leaders time to hash out a deal..... this is just to prevent a run on the banks.... one more way of screwing the working class....They should be worried about the Russian Mafia instead

Obama-Care is going to do the same thing!  When you sell your house?A 3+% Tax has been added in to pay for Obama-Care (Demo-Rats).Remember???The Demo-Rats own Obama-Care!

"...the European Central Bank is confident that the risk of a bank run elsewhere in the eurozone is low..." -- famous last words?

is this just the savings accounts?

governments run by idiots robbing the people taxing them to death maybe i should pull my money out of my bank just in case :)

Government, for the Government by the Government, and FUNDED by us. Its time....................

This is one of the reason our forefathers implemented the 2nd ammendment.  Sometimes it is necessary to overthrow an unjust government.

I think there's a word this. oh yeah, it's called STEALING!

The American government is basically doing the same thing by printing gobs of money to finance their deficit spending and making the money we have worth less and less every day.  There should be people protesting on every Main street in America, yet people are either too stupid or too numb to notice.

Its not your money silly rabbit it belongs to the GOVT. They give you the privelege of keeping some of the money you worked for it. You eventually run out of other peoples money that actually work. Welcome to America!!One does not have to travel very far back in time to find an example of tax increases that lost money. The 1990 budget deal was supposed to raise about $175 billion of new revenue from 1991 to 1995. Instead, tax revenues fell by more than $3 for every $1 the ill-fated deal was supposed to raise.As a  Joint Economic Committee report found, every dollar of higher taxes since 1947 has resulted in $1.59 of higher spending. And every tax increase of the past 12 years -- in 1982, 1984, 1987 and 1990 -- was followed the next year by an increase in the deficit, despite claims that the money would be used for deficit reduction. Nowhere in the Democrat's plans are there any proposals or mechanisms to counter this propensity of Congress to spend tax increases on more government programs.Higher taxes did not work for Herbert Hoover, Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter, George H. Bush, Bill Clinton or Barack Obama.Folks, if anything, higher taxes fuel more government spending. The more we let them have, the more they will spend!

Remember the yahoo article last week???? CIA looks into your banks accounts, don't put anything past this administation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

So they're rewarding people who don't save, and punishing those who do......

to all blood suckers, and lazy worthless parasites, get off your but and get to work !

Comming soon to you.This will be awesome to watch.I wouldn't leave your cash in any bank now.

cant trust attornies or bankers,or politicians !

Something a lot of people don't realize is that the money in their pockets and bank accounts is not legally their money. Our money is legal tender, not legal money. When banks were centralized, lawful or legal money was done away with. The central banks and governments have legal authority to call in their notes (Federal Reserve Notes, in the U.S.), Euros (European Central Bank). We all basically work for the company store.

It's funny, everyone freaks out when they actually take the money directly, but for some reason when our government just destroys the value of the dollar, no one seems quite as angry despite the end result being the same.

this is happening RIGHT NOW in California

This is a picture of what will happen in the US in a few years if our national debt is not addressed.  Too many takers and not enough makers.If they do this, every Euro bank will be in chaos, look out! the socialists will destroy Europe quicker than the #$%$.

Go back to 1993.  Bill Clinton has just been sworn in.  The Democrats are running the show.  They’ve passed a nice little tax increase – retroactive, mind you – and they feel encouraged.  Along comes a lady by the name of Alicia Munnell.  She’s been appointed by Clinton to be an Assistant Treasury Secretary for Economic Development.  Munnell proposes a plan to come up with some cash to shore up Social Security.  Not everyone, it seems, is “fortunate” enough to have a nice little IRA or 401k retirement account.  Why this just isn’t fair!  Everyone should have a comfortable retirement, not just the people who actually planned and worked for one!  So Munnell proposed to Clinton an idea!  Let’s just go out there and seize 15% of the outstanding balance of every IRA and 401k.  Seize that money and pump it into the Social Security system.  As it turns out, Munnell and Clinton never really had the chance to put their plan into action since the very next year the Republicans took control of the House and the Senate in the voter revolution of 1994.  Munnell hasn’t gone away though.  She now hatches her wealth seizure and redistribute schemes as the Director of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College.Never fear .. the idea is alive.  House and Senate Democrats are even now toying with various plots to seize retirement and pension plans and pour them into some grand new government operated and controlled pension system .. a system that would be “fair” to everyone.  This is just a perfect scenario for Obamian class warfare.  “Those rich people are enjoying their fat-cat retirements with the money that should have been used to pay workers a living wage.  They steal a comfortable retirement from the middle class and laugh at them from their yachts and private jets.”  Yeah … that works.  And as you should know, the government would certainly do a better job providing for American’s retirements than could free people interacting in a system of economic liberty.Cyprus?  I hope you enjoy that spectacle as it unfolds.  Shake your heads and tsk tsk all you like.  Just remember … the Democrat party is watching this episode and celebrating.  You’re next.

You were shocked!  SHOCKED, you say, at the very idea that the government of Cyprus would order banks to seize 10% of every bank account and hand the money over the government?Well … excuse me for being rude, but maybe if you had been spending a better part of the last 20 years paying attention to the atrocities that happen with nauseating regularity in Washington, instead of going into an annual swoon over March Madness and/or the Oscars, or blindly tuning in to Entertainment Tonight every evening rather than an actual newscast, you might have seen this money grab coming.  I’m no rocket surgeon, and I saw it coming .. in America, not Cyprus ... there have been warnings and all the signs are there.It’s simple. Taxing your income is simply not enough.  The left is coming after your wealth.  They’ll be satisfied with some of your retirement funds … for now.#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$*Nancy Pelosi proposes taxing stock transactions.Obama proposed a plan to assess a one-time tax of 10% of the total value of all American retirement plans, including both defined-contribution plans such as 401k and IRA plans and defined-benefit pension plans.Democrats in the U.S. House have been conducting hearings on proposals to confiscate workers’ personal retirement accounts — including 401(k)s and IRAs — and convert them to accounts managed by the Social Security Administration.#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$If you haven’t been paying attention to the Cyprus story, here’s your short version:  Cyprus is in financial trouble.  The Cypriot government is led by communists.  Trade unions are fighting austerity programs needed to erase huge deficits.  Sound familiar?  That is similar to the situation in the United States in more ways that you might imagine.  So Cyprus did what every other troubled Eurozone country is doing … went to the Eurozone finance commissioners for a bailout.  The commissioners said fine … but as a condition of the bailout Cyprus must levy a 10% tax against the outstanding balance in all depository accounts in Cyprus banks.  Call it a tax … call it stealing.  Either way, every Cypriot depositor loses 10% of their account.   The government screws up, the people pay.  Again, it sounds so very familiar.

The Germans run the show in the EU and they won't bail out the Russian mob deposits in Cyprus.

Keep it in gold; stuff it in your mattress...

Unwilling to raise the taxes needed to pay for ObamaCare, Obama decided to fund almost half the cost by robbing Medicare.  $716 billion over the next decade, but that's just the beginning.Shafting grannie won't save enough money to pay for the extra Medicaid expansion. So  Obama is going to limit the rate of increase in the ObamaCare subsidy for private health insurance. That will force all of us to purchase insurance whose cost is likely to grow at twice the rate of growth of our incomes.You can see what is coming - the most almighty train wreck you ever saw.

This is what you can expect. The cash will become worthless whether it is in a bank or not. Gold or silver will be siezed and you will be given worthless cash in its place.

Salmonella outbreaks. E. coli outbreaks. Millions of dollars in economic losses.These are among the scenarios the Obama warned about last month as it claimed the sequester would force the U.S. Department of Agriculture to furlough meat inspectors.Meanwhile as the Obama administration prepares to take that step, it continues to pursue a "partnership" with the Mexican government to "raise awareness" about food stamps among immigrants from that country.

Hey all you liberal #$%$, wait until your obama tries that in the usa. ahahahahaha

Americans better pay close attention. The dems look hungry for new taxes to save the banks that are too big to failAnd that is all this money grab is about, saving banks not the government.After I've read this article , gun control is a really bad idea, no government  is going to steal money from me without a serious fight..

Obama wants to do this here.

If you are not outraged, you are not paying attention.

Just shows that every govt can do what it wants.  Seize bank accounts, tax bank accounts, tax on health care, is there no end to their power over us?  And it is those we elect who do this to us.  They have no business messing in the economy because they cannot even spend ONLY the tax money they get.  Much money is wasted and their answer?  Tax more.

Americans need to take notice of what is occurring in Socialistic Europe.We are governed under a man of questionable character, who's disdain for Constitutional limits on his power, a quest for "change' and a vitriolic reaction to those who do not abide by HIS RULES...I DARE YOU !ObamaCare is a mega tax increase that will be paid by everyone from low income Americans and small businesses to gigantic corporations. It raises taxes on all Americans by approximately $500 billion.These are the facts.It does not matter if you support Obama or not , the new taxes are real and all Americans should understand their impact.

Coming SOON to America!(If you keep electing these leftists president)

It's happening here right now. the fed/fdic has manipulated the interest below the inflation. You are letting the banks pay back for the bailouts off of your money.

If it happened in the USA, there would be an immediate injunction from the courts and the lawyers would have a field day with the matter.  Still, our government is headed toward financial crisis by overspending and eventually the taxes are going to increase dramatically.

Swiss bank accounts, where most of Cyprus' wealthier residents keep their money, will be unaffected.

The ironic part of socialism is that the people who pay for the programs are not eligible for the benefits of the same program....taxation without representation???You know that during the Clinton Admin they wanted to sieze your 401k because you shouldn't be in control of your own retirement. When the banks implode again do you think that Obama and the Minions are keeping a close eye on this to make the citizens of Cyprus feel good or to se if Cyprus gets away with it as a test bed to what they can get away with it here with OUR accounts.

We have funds going to support this.  We are printing money the same way Greece got into the mess and when we go, no one can save us or the western world.

The EU concept was doomed to failure even before it was adopted- Why in the hell did anyone (but a few did get rich) think that the average worker would be better off with a larger  group of fools running a monetary system? Dumb #$%$ Europeans!

Coming to an america near you.Oh wait according to our own banking system, auto industry and govt....IT ALREADY HAS

This could never happen in America!Wanna buy a bridge?

Well, you voted for Socialism - this is what you get.  Pay up Greece.

When your president says that the national deficit is "not a problem" and that increased spending is the only way to improve the economy, HE IS ASSURING THIS WILL BE THE FUTURE FOR AMERICA !!! The citizens better wise up QUICKLY and remove the "progressives" from power, or resign themselves to a major collapse coming. UNAVOIDABLE.

Another domino falls in the chain of world economy. Greece impacted Cyprus. Cyprus impacts Russia. Russia impacts ???

Well, I don't remember that they were protesting some time ago when their socialist goverments spend money without restrain. Now it's too late to protest. Just pay your debts.

You KNOW that Obama is watching this closely.  At least for people with more than xxx dollars in the bank.Isn't that just the goverment's "fair share"??

I'm sure obungo has already thought about doing this here.

Odumbo will soon put this into effect here in the US.

If you don't think Barack Obama would love to do the same thing to your bank account, you better wake up.  Obama's goal is to emulate the socialist model of government like Greece, Cyprus, Spain, France, Italy, etc....

I want yo money!

So, the government is going broke because they will not control their own spending. Solution! take the citizens money. That is bright. They may get away with it one time, but you know that anyone there will immediately go to their bank and withdraw every bit of money they have deposited. Then the banks will have no money, they go under. Then the government cannot take the money a second time. What happens then? If they do it once, they will do it again.

Do a little research and see for yourself, that banks in America, at least, can loan up to 90% of all cash on hand in accounts. This means that when there is a run on the banks..they can never give everyone back their money..it's not there..it's all loaned out to make profit. If they garner 10% of all bank accounts in Greece, or wherever, that is like saying they will take ALL of the cash from the bank..and then only floating loans will be bank "collateral". Effectively emptying the banking system.Every wonder why the bank has to "hold" a check for ten days, but the teller at 7-11 can deny your card in 15 seconds ?

If Obama could, he would do the same.

In America this is done through quantitative easing.  If you don't think it is the same thing you need to do a little research.  At least in Cyprus they know what it is actually costing them.

our politcians coulndnt beat themselves out of wet paper bag , what worthless sissies !  Exspecially our great divider(bama) !Coming soon to America, unless you get the free spending socialists and the right wing war mongers out of office. But who am I kidding, Americans aren't smart enough to do that.

"...Banks have already acted to seal off a 6.75 percent tax on deposits under €100,000 and 9.9 percent on those above, so depositors can't access the money..."The Clintons wanted something like this since 1993 with 401(k) accounts and more recently, Hillary wanted to tax all mature savings bonds whether they had been cashed or not.As you can see, it this happens here, it will be done in such a way that you can't avoid losing whatever percentage they determine is your "fair share".

Let the rush to gold begin.

You can bet that there is going to be a bank run as soon as they re-open and nobody in the country will ever deposit money in banks again, knowing this could happen any time.

And they will call it a TAX ....onamacare the tip of the shaft bend over and pray for grease

Obummer - "Dang, why did I think of that?"

I would be at the bank and withdraw EVERY penny in my accounts and at the point of a gun if necessary!!!  I would also see some politicians leaving town real quick or on a rail!!!

Residents of Greece, Portugal and Ireland — all bailout recipients — have seen their tax bills skyrocket in recent years as those countries tried to reduce their debts.  ---------------------------------------------------They must have the world's stupidest financial people in the world. Everybody knows that raising taxes will not solve their problems yet every country does it to get out of financial debt. We know better. Here in the USA we know. Cut spending - that's the way out. Not tax increases needed, just cuts. Ask any T Party, GOP Republican minion, or conservative. Cut spending and give the 1% a much needed tax cut so that you can get JOBS.

Banks will remain shut. That's so you can't withdraw any of the money the socialists claim as their own. You may have deposited it, but the socialists can take it, on Cyprus or in America. Socialists are all the same.

This could be the  "Kiss of Death" for Cyprus banks, and could even hurt other EU banks.  If it goes thru no one will trust the EU banking system. Switzerland and non EU banks will become safer havens.This is why they want to outlaw guns. First the guns, then they will grab your bank account.

OBAMA economics!

And that is why I keep my money at home. Coming soon to a country near you!!!

Writing NO on your hand has always been a great way to deter politicians from stealing your money.

The "mattress" is sounding better by the day

Obama's appointee's have said that S.S. and medicare is unsustainable. Boehner has said we don't have a immediate problem. He was asked how long do we have to fix it? He says, "no one knows, it could be a yr. or two or three." The President said we don't have a debt problem. America is allowing these people to take us down the road to Cyprus. It will be immediate when they close the banks. Boehner says he trust Obama. This is why I say Rand Paul or Ted Cruz for President.

Grandma was right,  hide your money and don't tell anyone you have it. and put just enough in the bank to cover your expenses.   Their are other ways to make profit on your money than putting it in a house of cards.

Remember America, now that its legal to be financially punished for not buying something (healthcare), don't be surprised at what comes next.

Coming to your 401k's maybe sooner than you think. Some lawmakers have already talked about everything from making the contributions post tax instead of pretax like they are now to actually taking our 401k's and IRA's and in exchange giving us government guarantees of retirement income matching what they took, just like they have done with Social Security. Based on the government's current track record with Social Security and Medicare I don't think that the future looks too bright for any of us if they are allowed to succeed with any attempt to get hold of the money that is in our retirement accounts.

The oldest game on earth is kicking citizens just a little, so they don't notice right away.  Raise money with just a few drops of blood at a time. That's the American Dem Party way toward Socialism..The Cypriots will take a pint and leave you a thank you note.Take your pick.  The blood level drops either way.Coincidental that our government wanted to give more to the IMF recently?

I would imagine the Obama Adminstration is watching this unfold with great interest and putting together a new committee to see how they can do this here.

Did anyone see the celebration of communism/socialism in Vietnam during "The Amazing Race"?

Wow, this is a clear illustration of Socialism in action. I'm sure our president &amp; his henchmen are taking careful notes.

I sure hope Obama is not paying attention to what Cyprus is trying to do to it's citizens. I would not put it past Obama to steal from those that have, so he can give it those too lazy to work, like his 'brothers' and 'sisters' in the 'hood.

The rule should be if you take 10% of  our money then 10% of the bank's board/lawmakers are randomly selected to be beheaded.  Sounds fair to me.  Call it a head tax.

Our country is well on it's way instead of taking it from our bank accounts they printed money bailed out the banks and raised our taxes to cover the cost

The left in this nation is watching and trying to find a way to do it here against those who have more than $250k in 401k, stocks or cash.

What should concern everyone is that this creates precedence that will allow for further and greater confiscation.

Welcome to the new world order. Coming to a bank near you. And soon.Uh, why is this article under the "science" tab?

LONDON (Reuters) - The surprise decision by euro zone leaders to part-fund a bailout of Cyprus by taxing bank deposits sent shockwaves through financial markets on Monday, with shares, the euro and the bonds of struggling euro zone governments all tumbling.Robbing bank accounts, taking guns. coming soon to a town near you. This is the liberal solution. Maybe this is why obama needs huge amounts of hollow point ammo, the building of detention camps, light armoured vehicles and of course drones. This insane spending by America will not end pretty. Either welfare cut dramatically or rob peoples bank accounts/ raise taxes (same difference). I have been begging for balanced budgets and debt reduction for 25 YEARS. America is bankrupt financially and spiritually.

Cyprus can't do like the Federal Reserve does...Just get the ole printing machine out &amp; start printing those Dollas.

USA does the same by inflating the dollar

some years ago, Honduras did the same thing, the country had borrowed a lot, and the bankers made the country take part of savings. if you had more than a certain amount in savings, they said you probably stole it, and confiscated it. the same thing happened when the former soviet union colapsed, the bankers got the govt to take part of everyones savings to pay them off.

More Government is always the cure ,NOT .Wake up America !

I have zero cent's in the bank let them take it.

"has been met with fury and it has raised concern"...as it should, but are we here in America that far from it?  We have a pres. who doesn't think we have a spending problem, a congress who won't cut spending and rising debt to creditor countries.  How long until they see OUR bank accounts as fruit ready for the picking???

I guess Cyprus ran out of other people's money to support their own welfare.  Imagine that, socialism not working.  Doesn't king ombama what us to be more like Europe?  First he has to take away our guns, arm FEMA and kick out military personel who won't shoot Americans.  Looks like he has at least 2 of these done and he is working on the guns.

The Democrats when Al Gore was running for President talked of taking up to 15% of our 401K's and IRA's off of the total balance and apply up to a 15% tax on all future deposits! Wake the heck up America!I'd rather dance inside a hornets nest than deal with angry Cypriots. Good luck with that!

you just have to hope obama is not reading this

Coming soon to the U.S. if the Marxist masquerading as our President gets his way.

Obama is trying to sign into law that every spy agency in the U.S. will have access to your bank account information...Wake up people.

One reason I've been liquidating my assets in the US.....won't be long the Obama government will attempt the same thing. With 16 trillion in debt, who do you think pay's?

Will the U.S. be next?? Adding a trillion dollars a year to the deficit can't lead us anywhere but into trouble.

I bet after hearing this a bell went off in Obamas head. I'm sure this sounds like a good idea to him.

Never in my long life have I seen an American president purpusely inflict pain upon  U.S. Citizens in order to gain political advantage the way Obama has. The Cyprus bank grab does not sound so far fetched in light of what this divider-in-chief has done with his Obama sequester, targeting our soldiers and frightening the daylights out of our elderly. Shame!!!

SOOO I guess the freebee will stop soon, can't see the forest through the trees...elections have consequences

Believe it!  All socialist politicians are now watching Cyprus as a mini experiment to see what happens to the politicians careers and if the public goes into chaos etc. - it could be coming to a country near you.Clinton wanted to raid IRA's and 401K's back in the early 1990's with a 15% tax across the board.  Once they take it, you know they will be back for more, again and again, untillit is all gone.Pay attention America..  China may choose this same option to force the US to pay off Obama's proliferate spending.

I have heard about our government thinking about taken our 401k and IRA's money no lie google it. Government taken over 401k and IRA's

Youtube videoOur money is a joke.

Anyone care to guess which animal In Animal Farm Obama wants to be?? LMAO!!

Why did America re-elected a person that believes in the western Europe model as the only fair way?  We are doomed!

The problem with socialism, is that eventually you run out of other peoples' money. So, after they plug the hole by stealing....then what? Eventually there will be nothing left to steal. Then the fun begins.

Obama and Holder and taking meticulous notes...its every liberal's dream to attach and take your 401k

It is ILLEGAL in any nation to seize the private bank assets of those who have commited no crime.  This should be the lead story- it is astounding that any government would consider such a move.  The government ministers who proposed this should be removed immediately.

In the US the government will just you taxation to seize land from the owners.

one word''''crooks'',,,,i stash my money and not in any financial institution,,it's safe from crooksSSHHHH don't give OBAMA anymore ideas!

It does not matter what they decide now, their fate is sealed.  The money deposited in their banks will be withdrawn and they will fail.  People know that even if they decide not to this time, they likely will in the future and they will eave in droves. If they decide to go ahead, people will so angry they will leave in droves.

OBAMA THINKS LIKE A GREEK-IMPEACH HIM NOW!!!

See, pretty soon the Socialist's run out of Rich peoples money and come after everyone's money. But they would have a hard time trying it with an Armed society who might object.

I don't understand this business of turning hand-springs to prop up failing institutions.  It does not pay off in the long run... it is merely triage.  Let them fail and grow something new from the ashes.  Sure, people get hurt in the process... but it's like pulling off a bandage.  It only hurts for a little while.  Bailouts go on and on hurting.

"Cyprus built its economy in recent years by becoming a financial center"Well you can kiss that goodbye if you go through with this. You aren't a tax haven if your government randomly seizes money from people's bank accounts. Every foreign investor is going to yank whatever money is left in their account and send it to the Cayman Islands or some other tax evasion stronghold instead.

This is exactly that, seizure, theft, corruption.  Jail EVERYONE of the politicians who propsed this.  Those accounts are taxed already.  AND the banks took on much of the countries debt.  Damn politicians deserved to be tared and fethered!

The gov't robbing 10% out of people's bank accounts? Reminiscent of what happened when the #$%$ took over Germany. We may have to stuff our money, what little we have, under the mattress!

Government thieves and Banksters conspirer to steal money from the people.... and now it's also happening in Cyprus.

Why would you have much money in a bank right now anyway? They aren't paying much of anything for interest, so there is no reason to let them use it.This action will really encourage investment in Cypress.It will also make people eager to put every dime they have in Cypriot banks.

"Banks in Cyprus will remain shut until Thursday to give political leaders time to hash out a deal. "So I guess there will not be a run on the banks there. The government passes a law, takes the money. When the banks reopen, it's too late, you've been robbed already.i hope Americans are watching this...

This is going to hurt banks worldwide.  People used to believe that their money was safe and secure in the bank, but now they are seeing that banks can just shut down, limiting your access to your money, while they are deciding whether or not to seize part of your money to solve their orthe government's financial crisis.  Might be time to go back hiding money in the mattress!

A plan that will be coming to a country near you soon. I'm amazed that our government hasn't done this already, then again it's done to us by way of taxes.

God, please don't give our government any more ideas on how to steal our money.  They're doing quite well by themselves.

Obama supporters love this junk

well they already did it in America in 2009 .. the difference is that the Treasury printed the Money to be Paid back by our kids !

In the US they have another way to take your money. They just print more therefore making what you have in the bank, 401k and stock worth less. Cyprus cannot do that so they take the money of their people instead.

Great.  Just what we didn't need.  Somebody giving Obama some new ideas on how to take more money from those who work and save.

This is NOT a tax this is confiscation of people's money. Look up the definition of tax.  A dangerous precedent will be set which means any bank and any government can do the same to YOUR savings. Another reason not to trust banks, keep your money out of them.The Obama administration did NOT oppose or condemn such actions!  Coming to America!

Gee---  Think things like this can't happen here ?   Check out what the state of California is doing to business's that were created in California and later sold !  They are going back 5 years and sending out billings for retro-active taxes that weren't even due at the time of the sale!   California is desperate !  Their BK !

Wake up all u dumb buts !

Think this can't happen here? Congress has already been talking about "borrowing" from people's 401Ks. Look how well they "borrowed" from Social Security; think you'll ever see that money again if their plan comes to fruition?

Are the bank CEOs still getting their golden parachutes and fat salaries?

"Why didn't I think of that?..." Barack Husein Obama.

How many Democrats who think the rich have have gotten away with to few taxes would love to do something like that here with bank and stock holdings?

I love how actual news stories about serious topics like this get barely mentioned and buried beneath all the entertainment #$%$ or pseudo political stories.  They truly believe if people don't see it here they'll never hear about it.  Broke Governments raiding peoples' bank accounts?  Naw, that's not news.

What an awesome reward for saving hard-earned money. Wake up, America...this can't be too far down the road for us.

isn't this what the dems want to doAnd this is what obama wants the us to turn in to?Moron

Raising taxes will not solve their financial problem. So they get a bailout loan from lenders who expect them to "raise taxes" to pay for the loan they provide. Increasing taxes will not help the countries out of their financial problems but if a bank gives them a loan the banks will indirectly want the countries to increases taxes to pay for the loan they provide. uhmmmm Why not increase taxes and cut spending. Bad idea. Ask any GOP minion.

to raise the rates on larger depositors is simply penalizing many frugal persons who probably inherited money.  We have friends there who inherited 200,000 Euro, paid the inheritance tax and have the money in a 2 month roll over CD.  They intend to buy a home.  If the Government takes 10% or more, their only plan is to withdrawal whats left of their money, exchange it into USD, and put it in a US Bank where of course they'll draw no interest, but, regardless of the comments here they and I don't believe this could occur in the US.

The truth is like in America, the rich-mafia-Romney types hide their cash in places like Switzerland, Cayman Islands, Bahamas etc. Cyprus' government is touching the untouchables' cash. That is the real cause for the uproar here. The media is too controlled to report this.

Something is rotten in Denmark!

Get used to it people. Seizures, I mean "taxes," can and will be levied against your bank accounts and retirement accounts. By the way, the politicians and bankers are exempt. Let's see, Hank Paulson, Ben Bernanke, and most of our financial elitists were executives with Goldman Sachs. Anyone see a pattern emerging?

Obama and the Commiecrats are going to be doing this to American's savings, IRAs, 401k, private pension plans, etc. Everything will all be confiscated to pay for the Commiecrat's bankrupt Socialist Security Ponzi scheme.

Well, Greeks surely give bad example to the other World Countries as to how "NOT" to fix their own financial messes. Taking over people deposit money??? How much anyone want to bet ( EURO or USD) that as soon as the Banks open, their will be a HUGE RUN on deposits. If Cyprus was in the BIG HOLE before, now it will be a BOTTOMLESS ABYSS!!!!Δεν υπάρχει θεραπεία για την ηλιθιότητα!

now that we all understand why you cannot trust a "lawmaker" -- i.e., especially an elected politician - at any level Federal, State or Local. Corrupt and clueless and out of control.Everything you own is THEIRS. In their mind.This has been a real eye opener.Everyone will withdraw their money from the banks come Thursday, so even if Cyprus doesn't go "bankrupt" the financial system will collapse most likely. GREAT IDEA, DEMOCRATS!

i just found out that Cyprus has stolen from the Russian Mafiya. Big mistake. Those guys are bad news.Someone said it's time for a Run On Washington!

Look at Europe and see what results from big government. Notice too that the politicians are all rich. The American People cannot possibly be stupid enough to allow the US to follow in Europe's path. Time to clean out washington and reign in the monster that government has become.

Cyprus is just a smaller Greece, 77% of Cyprus' population is Greek. It an island of 1.2 million people.  They should have just done what Iceland did, default.  They will eventually default anyway.

Greece siezed bank accounts, now Cyprus is looking at taking money from its citizens,  if you think this cannot happen here in American you're an idiot.Obama will do anything to fund his Socialist agenda...............

@Savthefishes: "All those social policies cost money and have to be paid for one way or another. If a government has to steal from its citizens oh well, you asked for it now pay for it."The Egyptians elected The Muslim BrotherhoodThey got the government they wantedThey deserve itThe Europeans elect Socialism over and overThey have the government they electedThey deserve itThe United States re-elected Barack ObamaThey have the government they electedThey deserve himWhat the "H" is so hard to understand?

This type of thing is exactly why our founders wrote the Second Amendment.This is the exact type of tyranny and trampling of the rights of the people they had in mind.There's no way something like this happens in the US as long as WE REMAIN ARMED!And our government knows it.The plan is to DISARM America and then the stealing of our money and austerity measures can progress with little interference from those pesky American citizens.REMEMBER...gun control measures have NOTHING to do with protecting the children and schools it is all about .........PEOPLE CONTROL!!!!Do NOT believe for one second that the reason the DHS is stockpiling ammo is for 'target practice'.........PEOPLE will be the TARGETS!! Unruly, angry people that our money has been stolen, forced austerity measures, giving what WE EARNED to those who refuse to work ...........Socialism.WAKE UP AMERICA!!

Pure Liberalism. My fellow Americans want this.

Hmmm they closed the banks to prevent people from taking their money and running.  This makes me wonder how safe my money is in our banks.  I won't buy gold because the government took it away from everybody once already and there is nothing I am aware of that will stop that from happening again.

Watch this America, socialism turns into communism....

This is what I would call a government sponsored reversed Robin Hood.What's to stop them from just seizing the tariff and then opening the banks in 2 days. It's already afternoon over there and the vote hasn't gone through.  But they could announce that they voted at say 2:00pm and they seize the money at 2:01pm.  Tough luck people.

Socialism at work!

Banker's incomes are outstripping the incomes of depositers.  We must continue to subsidize and prop up the Bank's bad investments.  Reward Mediocrity!...   This could only be true in Government, Public Education and Finance.

Look what happens to a country that spends more than it takes in.  Anyone for dumping Keynesian economics?

Obama stops WH tours, the FDA threatens to furlough meat inspectors, yet, there was  money to dye the White House South Lawn 'kelly'  green all day on St Patrick’s Day.In Communist Russia, the people were standing in line for toilet paper, the elites still went on their jaunts to resorts...

This is like a liberal dream come true.

Someone stated on on of these articles that Nancy Pelosi had suggested this some time back as way that WE could pay down the National Debt.   Hide it from the Feds, folks.

This is when people would rise up, grab their arms, and have a revolution. Too bad the liberals over there gladly gave up their guns.  I bet they wish they could put guns in their hands right about now instead of just being able to write the word "No" on them. Yeah, that'll stop them! (Not!)

It can definitely happen here.  Our government keeps the class warfare going, so they can always have a reason to "soak it to the rich".  Well it is coming down to anyone with a bank account is "rich".

This country is next. 17 trillion in debt with no end in sight. Pull out your 401k's and savings, buy gold, and bury it in your back yard.We as Americans can stop most of the madness by electing Conservatives ,take back the Senate &amp; impeach Obama in 2014.

Gotta pay for the womb-to-tomb Socialism some how.

Wake up America it has already happened here!... No not on Bank Accounts but on "Unearned Income" when you go to sell your house you will be charged a 3.8% Obamacare "Medicare Tax" So lets say you worked your whole life paid your taxes and now you are ready to retire,you are in your early 60's the kids are grown and gone and you are ready to downsize to that little 2 bedroom condo you bought in Florida a few years back. Your house is worth $500,000 which you were planning to help subsidize you Social Security so you are counting on that money to live,well now you will have to hand the government  about $19,000! OK doesn't sound like you? How about this....Your Mom is in her 80's and in failing health, she really needs to be in a care facility but it is expensive so the plan is to sell the family home and use the proceeds to fund it, you sell it for $600,000... you know what happens....need more? You have inherited a house from you late parents which you sell for $400,000 now according to Federal Law it is under the 1 Million Dollar maximum so you don't have to pay Federal Inheritance Tax, however now the estate will have to pay a 3.8% Medicare Tax which is really just a Sales Tax but "Medicare Tax" just sounds better. So it is really just a seizure of private assets by the government even if just a partial one.

taking 10% of a persons savings without consent, is a recipe for revolution...lots of dead politicians....

We can only hope the people of Cyprus are armed so they can fight back against the government theives

The current taxes I pay:Federal Income TaxState Income TaxLocal Income TaxProperty TaxSales TaxHidden taxes like tolls, fuel tax, etc...Now tell me again that I need to be taxed more...

Obama must be licking his chops... It's coming, obamanation

The world needs a government overhaul....time for big boy panties and responsibility

The banks screw up, lose money, and YOU pay for it - coming here soon!

Cue background music from Jaws....Opening scene, Obama sneaking in the back door of your bank.After a brief gory battle, he slithers out of the bank and you are left on your knees, crying, holding your bank statement and the camera does a close up of your balance, 0.00.Is this another example of "shared sacrifice" that Obama keeps preaching about?

The United States does this too. The only difference is they steal it before you can even get it with income taxes. Social Security, Medicare, Income, Property, and Sales.

hey obama,write them a check !!! just add it to the 16 trillion we owe already !!!

The slow hand of collectivism...of which our POTUS is an advocate.

Obama taken notes so he can do the same

This what "progressivism" will get you.

Pay all bills and get out of cash!  Buy gold and hide it. Don't trust the 529 education plans. THEY ARE FAILING NOW!!

What do you expect? its Socialism 101.

Obama steals from savers to provide med. Care to illegals.  obamacare is a greek welfare state program.

An idea coming to your DUMB DEM Government here.Today's "democrat" wants us to be more like them...and the majority of us voted for this in the last election.  Bring back freedom &amp; then PRESERVE it!

Obama has done it already you just did not realize it. Thanks to our  " Media" !

The mattress sounds like a safer place to keep money than a euro bank.

Why is it whenever government screws up, are so incredibly fiscally irresponsible, the people always end up paying somehow.  I wish there was a universal law that said if the lawmakers, the goverment, overspends it comes out of THEIR savings first, then their salaries!

These people need to mount an armed attack on the govt.

Have gun------will travel

The international bankers always win. We must destroy the system of predatory bankers. Instead, Obama and all the rest bail them out. Never store your money in their system. Make most of gold and silver and yes, keep it in your own safe.

WE are next !!!!!!!!!!!  oweBLAMERS... AGENDA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Pay attention sheep in the USA.....wake up!

In a free society, you must deal with the risk/reward of being free.  That means you are free to succeed or fail by your own actions.  If the government then steps in and rescues the ones that fail, then they also punish those that succeed.The US, however, is much more astute.  If they owe a trillion bucks, rather than overtly hitting the responsible citizens with savings, they just print dollar bills and throw them around to the Wall Streeters every week so that the trillion becomes worth a fraction of it, and there are a lot of happy millionaires who pocketed the QE money.

The price of gold should go back up.

Obama and the dems are watching, a new revenue stream, tax savings, just steal it right out of their bank accounts.

European law clearly states that, "You scraew the little one" first.  Cypriots are great hardworking people, been there to claim so....

Obama (washington) has already been looking at ways to seize our 401k.

and thanks to Obama.....this will be coming to a state near you.this is SOCIALISM AT IT'S FINEST

Don't let Obama see this, he will think this is a good way for the government to get "revenues"

All i need is a stick to beat the government into a reminder of whom is boss.

The U.S. government has racked up so much debt  thanks primarily to Bush and Obama ($16,500,000,000,000.00) that it would take $55,000 from every man, woman and child in America to pay it off.  This bailout in Cypress only amounts to about $1,333 for every resident.  The U.S. debt equals the value of all of the companies in the Dow 30 and the S&amp;P 500 combined!

How can they do that?Yes, indeed.The Euro was a huge mistake - you will have countries that have no financial responsibilities bringing down the entire European economy!

Money in the mattress is not bad idea after all.

Them damned Cypriot politicians, letting the cat out of the bag that way.  Substitute "tax" for "seize bank accounts" and you pretty much have what every government, everywhere at every level does.  Its a real shame that people are too stupid to understand that most taxation is simple confiscation dressed up with some bs about "the greater good."

Time to remove your money from the Banks! They create the problems with their poor decisions and expect the people to bail them out. When they make profit, it is not giving to the people. But they will damn sure take from the people when there is debt!

It's just like playing the Slot Machines in Vegas!

If all this Money disappeared ,SOMEONE HAS IT! WHO??? The Fed?????

They make your money disappear just like YAHOO makes Post Disappear!

Obama dreams of this.

To those of you who are Socialist sympathizers who are trying to run down anyone who blames this on Socialism; sorry, but it is Socialism at it's worst.1) Who regulates the banks in Cyprus and elsewhere?  The government.2) Who is proposing this tax/theft in Cyprus?  Read the first three words in this article about the tax/theft, "Lawmakers in Cyprus.....".3) Of the Cyprus citizens (not the foreigners), who will be punished by this tax/theft?  The producers, the savers, the "haves" who will be taken from, then have their money given to the government for redistribution to government regulated banks and the "have nots".The non-producers will NOT feel this pinch at all because they have not made good decisions, gone to school, they waste their money on drugs and alcohol and tobacco, have babies out of wedlock, live on the dole, don't work, and have no money in the banks.  It is only the producers who will have their savings/money "spread"."From each according to their ability, to each according to their need."  Karl Marx 1875 from "Critique of the Gotha Program".It is a basic tenent of Socialism.  Coming soon to a country near you.

I bet Obama is thinking, hummm, maybe I should do this and give the money to green energy.Gota love Socialism!!!!

Obama is almost certainly salivating about the possibilities of being able to directly tax people's bank accounts...

And the debt is no big deal under Obama. Wake up democrats!

How demoKKKrat of them.The fat hag, hilary, suggested a "ONE TIME" 15% theft of all 401(k)'s and savings when her rapist hubby was in office.

Get ready USA.  This gov't we have in place now will pull the same sort of tricks.  Again, I suggest reading 1984.  Since it was written in 1949 some of the tech stuff is a bit silly but it is dead on with the things that I see in the news everyday.  People are told white is black...wrong is right....evil is good. Just like our present day media.  People are herded around like sheep and those that refuse to swallow the #$%$ are called proles and considered almost as dumb as animals.

Coming 'SOON' to America.

One of the main tenants of communism- NO PRIVATE PROPERTY ....... "IMAGINE" THAT!!!

Oh great! Another idea that our campaigner-in-chief will want to try!

some one on tv said this will spread to Italy Spain Greece... she said its the Eurozone plan she is part of the Cyprus congress i was watching Bloomberg Int Business its to late theres going to be bank runs all over Euro and it will spread to the US it did in the 1930's too it has nothing to do with debt but has everything to do with trust.

Politicians should have no rights to make financial decisions.Yesterday, Obama's "press" secretary, Jay Carney, was asked by a reporter if the US would do anything like this.  His first reaction was to say "Ask the Treasury."  Then he admitted, "We are watching this..."  Be aware, America, this is just the kind of financial "remedy" this administration wants.  True wealth redistribution.  But of course, they would only do it if absolutely necessary, right?  With the statement "We are all in this together!"  or "We just want everyone to pay their fair share..."

Sounds like something Obama and his liberal coheres would do, just to spend. Not very far from reality either. Remember the first bills:2004-H.R. 37592005-H.R.16062007-H.R.21302010 H.R.4646and recently H.R.1125. I'd start getting ready for a fight. The Democrats will do anything for a money grab.

Disgusting. Steel from the people bc you wont stop spending. Hey America, take notice. Oh, Obama doesnt care.

rothschild the intl #$%$ created the central banks..they own 57% of our fed i bet you didnt know that.--almost all wars in the last 150 years was done for banking..in fact if you listened to the news only a few days after libya was taken over they installed the central bank..qadaffi didnt use it..neither did saddam now you know what during arab spring only 1 country was invaded by force.And we all know of the lies to go to war over iraq. wake up the #$%$ bankers are ruining the country and the world

The revenue from taxation of financial assets is difficult to measure because of the complexity of the instruments. Conceptually, revenue is the product of the assets taxes and the tax rate. Such a simple computation is just not feasible, however, when the main instruments of taxation are only implicitly defined. Four problems arise in measuring the revenue of implicit financial taxation : to define the position of " no taxation, " to reconcile the cash flows to the government and the burden on individuals, to determine the impact of expectations on inflation, and to account for the revenues in economies in which financial institutions absorb some of the government debt. The first three appear in economies with or without financial intermediation.These issues can be illustrated by looking at the simple case of an economy without financial intermediation and with a constant inflation rate. Assume first that the price level is stable and that the economy is growing. Seigniorage , as defined as the revenue from money creation, is positive because currency is issued at the same rate as the real growth rate. Are these revenues taxes ? It seems that the answer is " no " since there is no " tax " on money. But according to Friedman ( 1969 ) that money should pay a return as capital, if government could finance this policy through lump-sum taxation. ( The proposition can be extended in an economy with distortionary taxation .) If we follow this definition of the " no tax " position, the tax wedge on money should be defined as the sum of the inflation rate and the real rate of return on capital .When the growth rate of the economy is lower than the real rate of return, which is required in the long run for efficiency, this tax wedge is smaller than the rate of money creation. This definition implies, therefore, that the implicit tax on money is greater than the level of seigniorage.

Why isn't this front page news? Tiger Woods dating life is more important?Wake up people.. Now do you see why  gun control is such a priority?

Just when is all this government borrowing and spending i.e. investing in the future of the country  supposed to pay off?  "For three [now 5] decades now we have sought to solve the problems of unemployment through government planning, and the more the plans fail, the more the planners plan...Well, now if government and welfare had the answer - and they've had almost thirty [now fifty] years of it - shouldn't we expect government to read the score to us once in a while? Shouldn't they be telling us about the decline each year in the number of people needing help? And the reduction in the need for public housing? But the reverse is true." -- Reagan

The menu of financial assets in many developing economies is limited to currency, demand and time deposits, and in some cases deposits at specialized institutions such as merchant banks or savings institutions. Stock markets are embryonic even in the most developed of these countries, as in Nigeria, where trading is thin and price quotes on some of the main stocks remain unchanged for weeks. Government bonds, which could provide the best risk guarantee and liquidity, are not owned by individuals ; financial institutions hold most of the government debt outside of the central bank. Therefore in many low- to middle- income countries, the main base for financial taxation is the extended definition of money.

There are three sources for financing public sector expenditure beyond revenues from the regular tax system : monetization, domestic interest-bearing debt, and external borrowing. The revenue from each source can be combined into the calculation of a financeable deficit. A financeable deficit does not require more financing than is compatible with sustainable external borrowing, existing targets for inflation and growth in output, and a sustainable policy on internal debt. If the actual deficit equals the financeable deficit, fiscal policy is consistent with macroeconomic assumptions and targets. Of course, consistency with macroeconomic targets does not guarantee that they can or will be achieved ; it implies only that the fiscal deficit is not inconsistent with them.A simple model of the financial sector that incorporates reserve requirements and other bank regulatory policies is used to derive the demand for reserves by commercial banks. The demand for currency is derived from a model describing private portfolio choice as a function of inflation , output, and interest rates. The demand for reserves and the demand for currency are combined to estimate the total demand for base money, which is used to derive total revenue from monetization , net of interest payments on reserves , for different output growth rates, interest and inflation rates, and regulatory policies.

This is another example of the failure of Socialism. These banks were taking in large deposits of money from Russia and they needed a place to invest that money. They invested it in Greece. Socialism has wrecked the Greek economy as well as many others.“There's no such thing as a free lunch.”― Milton Friedmana few of Cyprus politicians heads on display may help the rest of them to rethink stealing peoples money to give to the banks.

Man i am so happy that i have no money  nothing to worry about.

None of this matters because we are all fu(ked!  As long as we let bankers and corporations determine everything in society, we as humans will never progress, only regress.

Coming to the U.S.soon...

Coming to a Continent near you! The global push to form a North American Union will bring with it all these unintended consequences and beyond that, all the global elites will buy up all the land and resources. NWO on the move...

The will be President Obama's future move as well. Why?   Because it always has always been the final move or one of the final moves of every socialist just before they totally embrace massl tyrany as a dictato to impose their will. From Nero in Rome down thru the ages to include Stalin, Hitler , Castro and Chavez and evetually Socialist cheerleader in chief Obama. If you knew hiostory or were numbers literate you would know these facts.

let me see here how this logic works:We bail out the banks who have no stake except to keep making money off the the borrowed funds from deposits from consumers they lent out to million dollar projects of dubious distinctions to friends, family, and business acquaintances?Am i reading this correctly?Bail out the consumer idiots!!!

MSNBC hosts are watching Cyprus while doing a circle jerk...that includes Maddow (I think she is Peyton Manning in drag)...

to all moochers, go back to your prospective countries and leave U.S.A.

Obama is drooling at the thought of doing that.  Is Soros behind all this?  He hates capitalism and would like to see us fall too.  REally makes me want to get my $$$ out of the bank.   Not getting decent interest anyway.  Thank you Fed. for NOTHING.California politicians did the same thing.  They confiscated, by way of tax, money that had already been taxed in the previous year.  Bill Maher, the great LIBERAL, is mad.  Funny he didn't care until it affected him.  Typical LIBERAL.

The greedy Democrats (and some greedy Republicans) are in bed with the Bansksters and will do their best to bring that tactic here.  Why else do you think DHS is stocking up on billions of bullets and buying urban warfare tanks?

It's almost sounding familiar, but without the riots.....yet.More taxes are grrrrrerrrreat! Right, liberals?

This would never happen in the US.  All those fatcat liberals would rather tax earnings instead of THIER nest egg.

If we continue advancing Obama's liberal socialist aggenda the same thing could happen here. The lefts answer to everything is bigger and more powerful government that has more and more control of your life while chipping away our liberties.

this is going to happen here in the USA

All the Governmants of the world need to be over-thrown.

This is why America has a 2nd Amendment (guns) and a 5th ("...nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law;...") that is enforced by the 2nd.  Why left/liberals want to take our guns... they're running out of other people's money to give away and need more.

Once they take the 10% or whatever, do they expect anyone to leave a single cent in the bank? Watch for a run right after they steal the money and the banks re-open.

That's what you get when you enbrace SOCIALISM.  Looks like it is time to start a lynch mob, out to get the politicians and bankers.  If the banks are shut down, surround them with pitch forks, knifes and clubs (you do not have guns because they were banned by the Socialists politicians) and demand they be opened or there will be riots with politicians hanging from telephone poles.  Those police who attack you should be disarmed, now you have guns, put them to use......Now do you believe that you are not in control of what happens.

Coming to the United States by Barack Obama.

hey bondholders....remember GM?  Obama stands ready....and his flying ape Holder too

Obama on Cyprus' move to seize bank deposits: "Can we do that?"

EU opened Pandoras box when they overplayed their hand and tried to sieze Russian mob money. If this "tax" passes you'll see top bureaucrats turning up dead.

Sarah and AP, you bird-brains just don't get it! Cyprus is an offshore banking center for Russian mobsters. Sieze $5 billion in mafia money and you end up dead. EU bureacrats are now running scared, backpeddlings and crying like babies. Their artless power play opened the gates of hades.

This is what happens when you spend 50+ years living the entitled lifestyle! Retire at 55 with full government provided pensions, free healthcare, 6 hour work days, 4 day work weeks, 3 month paid vacations per year, two hour lunch breaks, the list goes on.Someone has to PAY FOR IT ALL. Someone has to WORK!

"A look at Cyprus' move to seize bank deposits"So the investors deposits the funds in Cyprus to be confiscated for payment of debt to EU.

Any how you paint it, it is still stealing. The difference this time it is stealing money that already survived the government stealing on the earning and now it is stealing part of what was saved. If this was the bank or and investiture adviser, the government would be looking to throw him in jail.

I wonder why the price of gold keeps going up, at a time when people's private savings are being confiscated to fuel corruption?If I lived there and they did that? I would in the streets with gun!

I bet Robinhood Obama is watching to see how this plays out and thinking what a great way to take from the savers and give it to the non-savers. Hmmm! Wealth equalization 101.

If this happens here in the US, this country will burn to the ground.

Hold on to your butts - this is how it starts

they need to do is cut their pay, including raises,bonuses. and extravagant cruises/trips.

With all this talk about bailing out banks, you'd think they were 'Non Profit Agencies' ... which clearly they should be! Once upon a time, they were. And then the business of 'usury' became the norm.

Once again the bankers need a bailout to save themselves. If the bankers are guilty they bshould be punished not the people who trusted them. This very well can occur here and like the bank problems here the same people are incharge now that were incharge back then.

How to make government happy:The three steps for government happiness:Step 1 --government must close the banks to keep people from withdrawing their moniesStep 2 --the government takes the savings of the peopleStep 3 --all government employees are now required to smile knowing that they got the money!

I am going to write NO on my hands and cover up the President's mouth with it!

Can someone please tell me how banks are allowed to go to the table, place everything on 23 red, lose, and then demand you give them all the money THEY lost?  Do banks pay for the money I lose? No, so why should I pay when they lose!  You want that money, go after the executives that made millions by securing those bad investments.America is going to do this too.  Why do you think they are doing everything they can to prevent you from buying weapons to defend yourself and what is rightfully yours!

Lots of bad loans then bailed out and now a bigger problem requiring the common man to bail them out.  Were have I heard that before?

I think it's time to start having public hangings of politicians and the heads of gov't agencies around the world... it's time to hold these imbecils accountable from all governments...

Notice how they're defining "The Rich"They're siezing assets of over $25,000.Did any of you ever hope to ever retire?

Senator "Chiefess" Warren is mad she didn't think of it.

Please don't read the "writing on the wall" folks...

I must say, I would be #$%$ if they did that to me.  I would accept it if a #$%$ load of people that economically ruined the country went to jail; then, I would accept losing 6 to 9 percent of my savings, but they would have to go and stay in jail for a long time, but I would still be #$%$.

This kinda seams like what our Government is doing.

Corruption...pure and simple. Justify the means to steal the people's money. In the U.S. the government is no different, they feed the poor by taxing the rich with a higher tax bracket and the poor in their blindness think it's only fair. Government is way out of control.

Guess we'll have to bury money in the back yard like our grandparents did for so many years.FACT: What O'Bungole &amp; Co. are doing to us is TREASON, leading to what's happening in Europe! CALL 202-225-0600 AND DEMAND IMPEACHMENT!

Welcome to how slavery works.

Welcome to our future, if Obama's madness continues. A "person of interest" reports that "all the 401 K's are just sitting there, not getting taxed."

Quite while the fights on, .....i.e.........Our fearful leader Baraack Hussein Obama, is monitoiring this vary closely.........  gets some pointers to creat his legacy,

The banks are raping us as bad as the goverment

The taking your 401k, retirement nest eggs and savings is coming here too.  Redistribution of wealth is inevitable under any marxist system.   Sit there and do nothing like you are currently doing, and watch!

Personally, I'd just call it theft.

Our govt is stealing our money,,and giving it to others,,did we forget that?

Socialism at it's finest!  Americans be warned, they'll do this here soon, and the complicit media will celebrate it on tv with fake polls, and fake shots of cheering crowds around "the Leader".

Beware America.  This would sound like a pretty good idea to Mr. obama.Coming to a country near you. And why do you think this administration is trying so hard to take away gun rights?

Just stop working - if you do, what you earn is just going to be taken away to pay those who dont work.  Why work when you can get it for free?

This totally blindsided me..this is something Obama would think up..bet he's mad too.

Obviously you people here in the good ol US of A don't read enough. Obama has already put it on the table to tax EVERY type of money transaction 1%. Transfer $1000 dollars from checking to savings, pay $10 to him. Cash a $1000 pay check, pay him $10. Take out $500 from ATM, pay him $5. Buy $100 worth of hotdogs, pay him a $1. $50 worth of gas, he gets $0.50. Every money transaction folks. Pay your water, lights, rent, mortgage, car payments, kids lunch money, pack of smokes, 12 pk of beer, gas, and you get the picture. EVERY MONEY TRANSACTION. Now after state, fed, and SS comes out of your check, plus sales taxes at the store, and now this proposed money tax, I figure we get to keep about 15% of our money to save and pay bills. All we are is SLAVES to what they have snowballed you in to believing is freedom.

this is why smart people with money keep it in Switzerland.

Those on the left here in America talk all the time about the desire to seize wealth. As long as people keep electing them we're not far behind.

Watch the movie 2016...and the left said it was nonsense...

Remember, it is 10% this time...and when the problem isn't solved, how much next time?

Obama is not far behind. Be ready.By the way, ObamaCare is a TAX, not a Program.

welcome to our Obama future . . .don't think so?1% of the sale of any house . .get seized for Obama carethat is just 1% of the 2600 pages of the health care bill . .never heard that from the liberal media did you ?Pitiful. Without the right to own guns the Cypriot protesters are left to write “No” on their hands.

They should just vote someone like Obama into office who can assure them they don't have a debt problem. Problem solved! Being a liberal is fun! And easy!

Remember when governments steal money it's not called theft. it's called "redistribution". Just ask President Class Warrior. He'll tell you its ok.

I'm sure Obama's inwardly agrees to all this...To him, it isn't stealing money ...just passing it around for votes...He probably angry they did it there first...

Will happen in America soon.Thanks for nothing Obama

The Myth - Redistribution of Wealth.  No.  The Elite's Absolute Power corrupts.

Coming soon to America... Democrats have to keep their supporters in "free" phones and benefits.

Liberalism = the religion of Idiots

Just print more money. That's what Obama does.

It is time to march on Washington and demand our country back...This ripoff of ordinary depositors is a test case to see what the banksters and rich can get away with. They've turned the business of banking into a casino and now are trying to weasel out any solution that costs them nothing while bankrupting commoners.

Central Banks are testing the waters before they invade our bank accounts and 401k accounts.   These bankers plan on creating the New World Order by taking your hard earn wealth.  Once we are all poor and the middle class is gone they will have their one world government.

The pen may be mightier than the sword, but the ink they use to print money is worthless

The money i have in my bank is from hard work, sweat and blood...Dont even think about it...Mr. President.

Our Liberals would NEVER do that to us in America, would they?

This is guaranteed to happen in America under Obama.  Wake up.

This is the beginning of the international taxation system, and American leaders are deliberately pushing us towards insolvency so that we can join them. The more they can funnel off the common man, the more we become slaves, just working on a larger plantation.

Don't want health insurance?? Too bad, the US Gov says YOU HAVE TO. Can't pay for insurance?? The US Gov will take it from your bank account. Don't have enough?? The US Gov will then TAX you for being broke. Still can't pay?? Obamacare sends you to JAIL! All thanks to Obama, Pelosi &amp; Reid.

Comming soon to a government near you.

The real story: EU bureaucrats overplayed their hand by trying to sieze Russian mob money from Cyprus banks. Now trying to leave the table and save face but its too late...Look for several top EU officials to end up dead. Also look for more Russian arms to reach Syria. Huge blunder by EU/ NATO with far-reaching consequences.i wonder if the banks are going to pay this money back to the people they should make a law or give ownership to the people they are about to rob

I fear our bank accounts are next! It was already talked about last summer. Your good buddy Nancy Pelosi believes our accounts should be taxed..not hers of course..they know just how to protect their accounts. Yet we still vote the idiots in office.

This Cyprus money theft is the trial ballon for the rest of Europe and then the US

Isn't that already happening here under the guise of "inflation"? The government "prints" massive amounts of money, diluting our currency every year by about 4%. Four % right off the top of our savings. All to spread around and buy votes.

Cookie jar has been available to politicians far to long. Can you emagine how well we could be doing if they ::: dealt with the Border :::: Stop giving away to other countries :::: Stealing and wasting our money? ? ? ? ? ?

So, the beginning of the end has finally arrived! Do you have enough food stored, yet?

OBAMA = WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING!!!!!!

Coming at a block near you...

"...tax banked deposits before...."So the Libertarians who say that taxes are theft have been proven correct. To have property taken from its owner without approval is theft. To call it a tax does not change that fact.

Watch for the next "crisis" to facilitate the nationalizing of our 401 accounts. It has been the topic of discussions  sponsored by Treasury and Labor Departments.Even the Devil gets hosed working with liberals.

Let Obamacare continue and we will be there as well.  We cannot afford to continue with out of control social spending.  Please, please, please pay attention to what is happening in Europe and KNOW that we are only a heartbeat away from the same fate.

If ever there were a time for blood in the streets, this is it. Arm yourselves and reclaim what is yours.

Lots of people cheat on taxes from low income all the way to the richest....government too lazy to look or another loophole law allows the cheating.

Obama is contemplating a plan to attach Roth IRAs. These pots of tax-free assets are in the billions and he is licking his fat lips as he deceptively works to tax them. All assets of the working American is "fair" game in Obama's eyes as a source for redistribution to his inner city, entitlement recipient underclass of laggards, addicts and bums.

I guess they didn't build that, according to government...

When capitalism ruled, bondholders who lent money to unworthy borrowers paid for their mistake by losing their principal. In the new fascist system it is okay for the IMF and the EU, aided by local banks and government to steal from the people instead of letting the German banks and bondholders take their losses...

Soon ,...Governments around the world will be doing the same thing . Of course its already done by taxes ,..but taxes no longer prop up massive gov. waste , spending and embezzlement ,..at a fast enough rate . Now their just going to come in and take it from hard working individuals .  After they take the 10 /7% in Cypress ,..they will devalue their currency and instead of taking 10% ,..it will be like they stole 35% .

This is an early warning for the USA, it could happen here. Obama and his Liberals are planning the same thing with our personal 401K/IRA's. Ever here of the GRA?

How much you want to bet that the Lawmakers in Cyprus don't have their money in the Country?"How can they do that" is not the question.  We know most governments can take whatever they please from the people.  The question is "Why did they do that"; the answer:  because they can't steal money from U.S. banks.  This should be a warning to you in the U.S.--as soon as your Executive branch thinks it can get away with doing so, they will raid your bank accounts.

coming to a country near you soon

anyone who avoids the main stream media bull and has been listening and learning from the real experts like Peter Schiff, Mark Farber  and Gerald Celente..etc knows that this is just the start of very bad things for all of us. Celente said over a year ago that the "Bank Holidays " would start in the EU as they rob the deposits to pay for bailouts that did not work. Total economic collapse is coming....get your zhit together folks.

Revolution time! We the people are powerful in numbers.

American Politicians just spend the money and then raise prices on  services and goods...called inflation.  It's stealing all the same.

Imagine you wake up the next morning, and the government has seized 10% of your company's work force, and told them to go home because they donated their paychecks to foreign aid, welfare lazy whom spent it on lottery, cigs, alcohol, drugs, and consumables.

What a simple analysis meant for the simple minded.  You don't think there will be a run on banks throughout the EU?  Tell me, if you have money in a Greece bank, what would you do?  Keep it there or pull it out and buy gold or create a Swiss bank account?  Will any forienger put money into a Cyprus bank?  Will any foriegner put money into a Greece bank after this.  You can probably add at least 5 other EU countries to this list.  If you worked for a Cyprus bank, would you feel confident you will have a future job or will your start looking for another profession?  Since the EU and Cyprus know that the Cyprus economy will be destroyed, do your think there is some alterior motive for this?  For instance, EU has wanted to tax directly since it's creation.  Don't you think you will hear why EU should levy a small tax on everyone to share the burden in such a situation so you don't have a country's economy collapse.    Finally, ask yourself, why doesn't the media give a full analysis when it comes to greater central control (socialism or communism)

The Obama regime and or another socialist / communist regimes will do this in the U.S. eventually.The money won't move as long as they are there so they will just rob the banks to get the "old money"?Gentlemen place your bets!Nothing you have earned or saved is safe as long as the progressive liberals have power!

Didn't I just read yesterday where BoA made over $75 Billion and paid $0 taxes?  And needed a bail-out? I am pretty darn sure the top executives paid less than Warren Buffett too so the book-cookers on the local street corner, with Government oversight and approval, guided by Lawyer in Chief will get what they want!

Don't be surprised if that happens here, when all the illegals they grant amnesty to make the country bankrupt with all their anchor babies and nasty disease.In the USA the government is using the Fed to steal peoples' savings by printing excessive amounts of money thus lowering the purchasing power of their savings. Cyprus is just doing it by a more open means. It's the government taking from the common man to bail out their connected friends. One way is as bad as the other.

What is the difference between taking 10% from your bank or sending SS Gestapo stormtroopers to break down the front door and steal your jewelry and silver?

We should all have learned from the history of Argentina...............once they know they can, they rarely will not.

"for people with less than €100,000 in the bank" - so once again let skrew the people that have managed to save and act responsibly within their means in order to bail out the government so they can keep funding their socialist hand outs. Coming soon to the US of A...

Yahoo---Please, please, please--take this off the web before Obumma sees it! I'm sure he'd be interested! Of couse he'd be sure to grab ONLY those accounts that are held by working people!!!Alkl other government "assisted" people would be granted anmnesty. Who could POSSIBLY be against that?  (SARCASM)

its obummers fault

If I remember correctly the Cypriot banks are a haven for Russian mafia and international arms traders and the like.  What do you think they will do if you skim off 10% of their deposits.

Shhhhhhh...... Don't give Obama any ideas.

Can Osama Bin Obama be far behind in siezing retirement accounts and then bank accounts. Get your $$$$$ out of the country now. Costa Rica and Panama are dollar denominated and there are tremendous opportunities in Panama with the InsidePanama people, and with credit unions who pay 8 times on savings than they pay here. And its a stable country because it has the most valuable asset on the planet, the canal.. (No, you Obama minions, its not Obama). $1.8 trillion in new debt is not sustainable here and no one wants to buy our debt.

What The F, just call O'Bungole ,he'll pint it for you!This is why we have most of our savings precious metals, physical bars you can hold in your hand.  My husband starting buying gold about 1 ounce per 1-2 months when he was single, back in the 80's.  That's just when it started going up, and once he turned $400 into $800 in just one month, he was hooked.  He kept buying, slowly, at any price.  It went up and down, but he saw the way politicians across the world were mismanaging money.  Today much of what he bought for $400-1000 is now worth $1600.Back when I was working for him as a programmer, there was one Christmas where he gave everyone a 10-ounce silver bullion bar as a gift, and he offered to start paying us partially in precious metals.  Some took him up on that, and I definitely did.  It was after-tax, no different than paying you cash, your paycheck was less but you got a bunch of 10-ounce bars and maybe a 100-ounce bar with your paycheck.  It was cool, and after a couple of paychecks you didn't miss the cash.  And before you know it, you have a little safe with growing stacks of shiny silver bars.You pay a little transaction fee from the brokers, so that's an immediate loss, but over time, that's easily made up in actual value gains.  At one point during Obama, my silver doubled in value.  Now it is around 70%.  Find me a bank with that kind of interest rate.  You're lucky if you get 1% or 2% at the most by locking it up and letting them capitalize off your money.The actions by Greece are going to spread across the globe.  The smartest thing you can do RIGHT NOW is start buying precious metals.  Gold is out of reach for most, but silver is still under $30 a ounce, an easy way to get started.  And a 10-ounce bar for under $300 feels nice, has some good weight to it.  Northwest Territorial Mint and others.  Coins or bars.  Bars are more fun.  And UPS/Fedex deliver it right to your doorstep in a nice heavy box that you sign for.The day will come when you will be glad you did.

This is what happens when you borrow too much rather than just say NO.

More socialist governments will go this way because socialists never change or learn.

The Cyprus banks could tip banks all over the euro zone.  And if this happens, it is foolish to think it could not happen in and would not spread to the US.  Anyway, if you are a cypriot, your near-term goal is to move your funds -no matter what the government decides.

sound familiar....?...banks and govt....!!!!

So, let me get this straight... Cypriot banks began to prosper when they opened their accounts to the Russians, without looking how the money got there in the first place. Then used the proceeds to bail out Greek banks and then used Russian money to plug their own holes?

Too bad the people in Cyprus don't have a 2nd Amendment to replace their tyrannical government.

The first thing Lenin did was to tax the rich by taking the property of the nobility.The crowds of citizens cheered because they didn't like the filthy rich. Then he took the land from rich land owners and factories from the capitalists. The crowd cheered for it will now be fair.Then he took all land and all property, the crowd did not cheer but it was too late. What followed was 70 years of poverty and starvation for everyone. this is how socialism turn into communism. It works little by little. America be forewarned.

Pandora's box

This actually happen nearly 80 years ago.  The recession hit and everything just bottom out.  We are looking at it again.  Mark my words.  If countries do not get there problems corrected.  We will be seeing a new recession.  It will be worse than the 30's.Sounds like something they will try here after they have dearmed 90% of the population.

Pay close attention folks...if you think this can't happen in the US you're in for a rude awakening.And keep stories like this in mind when you hear how the govt is buying billions of bullets.

My mattress just became my new bank.

Time to teach ALL banks in EVERY country a lesson. ALL deposits should be withdrawn, all at the same timne, to force banks to fail. You screw me, I #$%$ back should be the motto of the 21st century.

Treatment accorded third world countries by the international money system is finally coming home to Europe.  Now humanity must decide - the bankers or the people?

Or, maybe you caught the JP Morgan Chase "London Whale" hearings with Carl Levin and John McCain.  maybe not.  No one ever goes to jail anyway.  Do you notice that there is one  country that is always missing in these stories.  It's Canada whereby people were bright enough to stay away from  these scammers.

Thank goodness the Cayman Islands are so beautiful this time of year!This is also in odumbo's game plan to redistribute the wealth to those to lazy to work!

Thanks to Obamacare It's already here in the U.S.3.8 % surtax on home sales.Just the same as taking it out of your bank account.

Ah.  Call a bank holiday and openly rob The People.  These banksters are getting pretty brazen.

If it happens in the US... then they should only take money from the Obama supporters since this is what they wanted.... it's only a matter of time.Gee, whats next, nationalizing banks and auto companies? Oops, did i say that!

A look at Cyprus' move to seize bank deposits. Quote Stay tuned U.S., this move is coming soon!!!

the days of money in general are limited.. trust in that ..

Obama wants to shut Fox News down (1st amendment), then take away our guns (2nd amendment) and then confiscate wealth (easy without the first 2 amendments).

Obama stole my father's preferred GMC stock  from his retirement account.

Think about this for a second:  Obama during his first campaign says that it is unpatriotic to put the country in so much debt...then he gets into office and his first two moves are: 1)  $1T stimulus package and 2)  Obamacare.  How many sides does this man's face have?

This is where America is heading folks.Just keep voting in radically liberal Socialists, and we will be there, VERY shortly!!!

This is my red flag warning! I will start to take all my monies out of banks starting today! I will not wait for the rush that is coming!The way the libs. want to emulate the EU is suicidal!

Take a good look all you clueless Americans who voted against freedom in this last election...and won.  You just moved us closer to this.

Obama's dream of globalism will bring this idea home to the USA.  Don't fool yourself into thinking it cant' happen here.Lets not give King obama any more idiotic ideas than he has already!

The domino's are starting to fall, Obama-worshippers laughed off this scenario, the boy-king was going to fix everything, you sheep have no clue, hope that sand tastes good, it's all you'll have to eat when your fiat currency collapses!

There is no such thing as being "partially free"...

The ones screaming "No" are the same ones who have been sitting on their laxy axxes and stealing from the real tax payers for years. Why not just take back from the "takers".

Wait till it comes to America...

I may be off base here, but are the banks going to charge you money for saving money? Why bother saving any money when the interest you would have earned will not even cover the fees; you would actually lose money by trying to save it.

How is this different from Obama "taxing the rich"?

Yahoo---Please, please, please--take this off the web before Obumma sees it! I'm sure he'd be interested! Of couse he'd be sure to grab ONLY those accounts that are held by working people!!!Alkl other government "assisted" people would be granted anmnesty. Who could POSSIBLY be against that? (SARCASM)

Expropriation of expropriators! Marxism is alive and kicking!

They are doing the same thing here. Nearly the same with inflation. What is the inflation rate in Cyprus?I'm suprised they didn't do what our US govt. did. Bail out the banks, and bill it to the taxpayers. Of course if they tried to do here, what they are doing in Cyprus, we would have another revolution. People in Cyprus don't own guns, so the banks and govt. can do what they want and get away with it. Here, not so much. They have to be a lot more craftier to get past/around, the constitution.

As an example O DumBo announced that a cut in the budget was important. What it amounted to was me cutting my budget of $2,000 to only $1,999.94... Yes only $.06That is how ridiculous our leaders are.

I would just start burning banks down

Has Obama prosecuted any bankers responsible for the real estate collaspe.....NO not one.Why?????

This was the fall of many nations in the past, history will be repeating soon.

This is the price of socialist governments and run away welfare programs.     Every dollar paid out in social/welfare programs is stolen out a working persons pay check.   Or in this case a workers saving account.        If you like Obamacare and his other ideals, just look to Europe to see the results.

The U.S. is thinking ahead for such a move in the future, hence the reason for gun control. They know if seizing money were to happen here, which I don't think is too far fetched, it would commence the second revolution.

"Banks will remain closed until Thursday to avoid a rush of withdrawals."  BECAUSE IF PEOPLE COULD AVOID YOU FROM STEALING THERE MONEY, THEY WOULD!!!  This is un-F#CKING forgivable.  And what you do want to get that there isn't a single politician who currently uses that bank for their money?

I don't have direct deposit and no longer have a bank account since they now want $11 a month fee. That is outrageous IMO.

I can't think of any other way to describe this without using the word Theft.This is what the progressive Keynesian Roosevelt did –so don’t think Obama and his minions won’t do the same with a 16 trillion dollar debt—watch ou they are already talking about grabbing your 401K----Executive Order 6102 required all persons to deliver on or before May 1, 1933, all but a small amount of gold coin, gold bullion, and gold certificates owned by them to the Federal Reserve, in exchange for $20.67 (equivalent to $371.10 today[3]) per troy ounce. Under the Trading With the Enemy Act of 1917, as amended by the recently passed Emergency Banking Act of March 9, 1933, violation of the order was punishable by fine up to $10,000 (equivalent to $180 thousand today[3]) or up to ten years in prison, or both. Most citizens who owned large amounts of gold had it transferred to countries such as Switzerland

The only difference between Cyprus and the US is that because of the single Euro currency Cyprus did not have the option to print / devalue its own currency but in the end whether you take the money from bank accounts or print, you are robbing your citizens all the same... :)

How long before the broke US government pulls the same stunt on us?  Maybe great-great grandma's strategy of keeping cash inside the mattress wasn't such a bad idea after all.

Recipe for engineering a banking panic:Pass legislation that haircuts depositor accounts retroactively, where depositors have no ability to move their funds prior to the haircut.Do these idiots really believe there will not be serious repercussions from this? Watch the remaining deposits flee Cyprus...

Soooo, if the value of paper money is based on confidence, how does this not cause a total financial collapse?

America's next! Oh wait the progressives will never believe that. Obama loves you and is only worried about your best interests!

The majority of the citizens of the USA deserve the same outcome as Cyprus.  When I say  the majority, I am referring to you citizens of the USA that voted for Obama as he is the author of the largest debt worldwide.

screw them! This the price those people can pay for all of the entitlements they expect from the government. It will be the same here in the US, if the democrats continue their path.

They should cut spending instead of robbing money from bank acccounts.

Note to Cyprus: The Russians are comming, The Russians are comming. !Talk to the hand!

Exactly why we need to fight to keep our guns.

And the American left is watching with envy.

Now Obama will have Cyprus and the sequestration to blame the economic woes on...and the wheels on the bus go round and round.

WHY ARE THEY CALLING THIS A TAX INSTEAD OF THEFT?

Outrage over "paying their fair share".

The world MONETARY system is 1 million percent based off The USA BANKING SYSTEM made in 1913 by primitive apes dead and stinking in the graves right now...However the creeps ie Politicians ,Big Wall Street Crooks, and other assorted creeps CEOs of Big Corporations live like kings ie just look at TRUMP's JET and you shall see? ..they live like kings off this system and will never ever change it to a fair and PRODUCTIVE SYSTEM while they are --------ALIVE&lt;&lt;&lt;?

This is a test run by the banksters to see how people react. If it blows up, they will back off.. if they get away with it, then the rest of Europe is next.It is a big scam. Stand up for yourself and fight the "money changers".

It does not matter that Cyprus is small. If the Governments believe they can step in and steal money out of banks everytime they screw up no deposits will be safe and banking will cease to be functional. Aside from that stealing foriegners money is a good way to make enemies. As this is being driven by Germany and is targeting Russia it is a good bet if this passes that economic warfare will ensue followed by physical warfare. Leave it to Germany to start another world war.

The Government and banks must be held accountable for losses to any depositor,s. "I,"say this in simple terms,as follows.All Governments regulated banks  in one form areAnother,by regulator,s.The banks have for years have used the depositors money on highrick investments, like trash bonds/derivatives,both are like Balloon,once its has more airinto it and the pressure of forces is applied,it burst. Excessive,spending and trading causesany bank and Government/Governments to fail or fall. Until there is a change and stiffsentences to include mandatory prison time and loss income,to people who Knowinglyhid or defraud the depositors,or spending money,to shore up other failed investment,s mustbe a sentences so sever that,people in trust position,s would think,before using some oneelse,s money for personal gain and profit.No Depositors should have to pay for failure ofBanks.America is the last real bastion of freedom and we see it slipping away.  It's time for Americans to get informed.  Listen to a Dr. Ben Carson if you won't to hear someone of substance.  He loves his country and has some great ideas.

So... The government of cypress has run the country into the ground with its welfare state mentality, like the United States where government has seized 40 cents of every dollar earned by every middle class citizen for more than 50 years to pay for the so called "great society", and now they've proven once again that socialism doesn't work and the government wants to seize another 10% from the frugal, thrifty, responsible citizen to clean up the mess! This is a crime against humanity and needs to be prosecuted!  The only true law of nature for man is the law of property!

Cyprus is a small nation, if they tried this in say Greece or Italy on the same scale there would be politicians hanging from the trees.

It's already happening in the US, they are simply slicker here, they hide the same tax inside a dozen other taxes.

"Banks have already acted"Well, now, those are 4 little words of education, aren't they.  The law isn't passed (and, thus, isn't a law) but the banks already took your money.  Interesting how that worked.  So much for "insured" deposits.  FDIC, anyone?

Government says, "Let's waste more money, take away their guns, raise taxes, and then steal their savings...nothing will happen, right?"

Italy is also thinking the same. WHEN WILL AMERICAN'S WAKE UP AND SEE WHERE A LIBERAL/SOCIALISTIC GOVERNMENT LEADS ITS PEOPLE. Its right in front of us and  so many don't see it. Unreal

If my bank siezed my funds because they needed a bailout someone would be getting shot.

This is stealing, pure and simple. And if you don't think it can happen here,you're dreaming. There have already been proposals made to nationalize 401k's.

Don't save it, spend it! Can I recommend shotguns and can goods! Lets see, governments start stealing citizens money, citizens riot, countries declare marshal law, individual freedoms suspended, world is now under control. Nah, never happen, way too far-fetched?!?!?!Arms floating around? It has not happened in the UK, or Australia. They kill each other with blunt objects, and knives.

True Bonnie, that is what they are trying to do, but keep in mind that many, many, many Americans were earning money by working for it. That was before their livliehood and incomes were taken away with their JOBS. Had that not happened, or there been enough jobs to cover the 50 million that were outsourced, or eliminated, the government wouldnt be baknrupt either.

Our white collar thieve banksters get their bail out from the taxpayers forced by the banksters accomplishes in DC. Crime pays very well in the money hustlers world and in government.

Its coming to USA...at a  theatre near you

So now when you hear a liberal say "Debt doesn't matter." You can point to Cypress.  Open your eyes, think for yourself.  The magician, like this President, uses words and actions to decieve.

Buy a safe. The common thief is not as dangerous as bankers.

Friday from beforeitsnews, report not confirmed BUT NOT DENIED, Hillary Clinton &amp; former CEO Citicorp house arrested on charges of FINANCIAL TREASON by US Military..    Saturday,US Senate’s subcommittee on investigations says JP Morgan Chase misled regulators and investors about a $6.2 billion trading loss last year  ABC NEWS

oh God, this article was written to make you help swallow the bitter pills, this article in short: "well, it's been done before, but maybe not this large, but most of that foreign money to Cyprus is probably laundered somehow and besides they're moving to stave of to helping depositors under 100,000 euros". I love the irony to pay for a bailout, how does one pay for a bailout?  the largest damage this will do is in confidence of those keeping their money in Cyprus heard of that big return to Iceland banks? neither did I.

If Obama tried something like this or congress, there would be a run on banks with civil unrest and riots and probably civil war. Asking taxpayers to pay more to cover the debts caused by the social programs for the 47% would not fly as we already pay for their fleecing of our hard earned money paid in taxes. Nor for all those programs an people within government which our dead wood but kept around as the rule is spend all or more of your budget and never spend less or you might not get more the next time.

Coming soon to a theater near you!Don't even think that it can't happen here in the good old USA.  It can and it will as long as we keep those liberal spendthrifts in office. They're using our money to pad their nests and when it runs short they WILL steal it from us

This is a great move. See it's easy to say raise the taxes when it's someone else paying the bill. But as will happen here in America when you run out of people to steal money from then they come after you. You got what you had coming to you. Now shut up and at take it.

Don't give Obama any ideas!

This could cause a World Run on the Euro banks its a dangerous move by any Goverment I think they should back off as the depositor was not part of the problem.Germany is not using their head. Will it eroad peoples confidence and will they ever trust the banks we have seen this before.I think it could cause a panic threw out the system.We will see what happens but nothing good I bet.

this sounds like something the Obama cabal would come up. Make the people who actually earn a living, live within their means and save money pay for a government that is unable to do the same thing because they are giving money away to those who are unable or unwilling to live a thrifty and responsible lifestyle and expect to live by entitlements. This is liberal progressive socialist class warfare and wealth redistribution at its worst...

Socialism XXXL.

So the banks weren't through stealing the people's money.  I guess there was still a little bit left to take.Honestly, try that here and that is when the guns come out for real.Hear that GOP!  THE GUNS COME OUT FOR REAL!

For some reason yahoo block me from putting this comment in response to a comment on a statement that I made.Let me ask you something, Markis215. What are you considering corporate welfare? Is it the little tax incentives they get for hiring over a certain amount of people to give them a break on what they pay just in order to keep them working? Is it the little tax incentives on what they pay for products that they use in order to create the products that they sell allowing them to produce more and expand their operations to employ more people? Is it the fact that they were paying a lower rate on their obligations to meet what their employees are paying in on social security taxes? I am having a hard time trying to figure out just what you are calling "Corporate Welfare" because, after all of what I just wrote not to mention that most corporations pay for most of their employees health care they also pay cooperate taxes and earned income taxes on personal income.As for the war in the Mideast, it was a decision brought forth by a republican president and a democratic controlled house and senate so, to say the republicans are the only ones to blame for these two wars in a time when people were screaming for justis is just plan ignorant and uninformed but, judging from your statement it is easy to see that you are very uninformed and need to look at a more over all view of things before you pass judgment on anyone that is doing everything they can to stay in business to not only take care of them and their families to get the most they can out of life but also taking people with them along the way that would otherwise be lost in the field of unemployment or at some dead end job where the need to be on subsidized government support just to make it in the world.You people that vote for these socialist pigs in washington have no clue to what you are talking about because you have no idea what it takes in order to risk everything to take a chance in life at becoming the best you can because you are conditioned to a life style that is afforded to you by the very people you curse for being successful because they will not give up more of what they make so you can sit back and waste your life in utter dis-pare of ignorants.Instead of becoming part of a system where you advance yourself through being creative meeting all the challenges that it has to offer, you would rather squeeze it until the brink of almost collapse because after all it is a life you were bread into and once conditioned into this life it is almost impossible to break this chain but, it is not impossible. I have nothing against giving someone a hand up in life if they are willing to see this as a starting point instead of a solution to a problem that as far as I can see is just starting out with nothing in life.I started my own business with borrowed tools and already in debt without anyway of getting help with start up expenses only taking a chance of losing everything by working hard and waiting until the job was done in order to buy my own tools and pay my bills. I went from barely getting by in life to building a business that generated almost $300,000.00 a year with eight employees that were proud of what they were doing because as my business grew I was able to pass that onto them with more in pay and other ways that help them in their personal life. I was in business for over 10 years and in just two years under this president's radical policies I watched it dwindle down to just me again barely paying my bills and getting by so, you can take your socialist dependency ideas and push somewhere else. Maybe you should go to Europe where it is impossible to be in business for yourself due to the high cost of staying in business because of the taxes they impose on the people that are in business.

"Cyprus' banks held a lot of Greek debt" ... The government didn't go broke, the banks did. It's the Banksters and the 1%ers that need to take the hit, not ordinary depositors. It's happening all over the world. Without government to protect their butts, these banks fold. Let 'em go down, then nationalize them for good so they can make reasonable loans to local businesses, like banks used to do.

Socilaism has been tried everywhere.AND IT HAS FAILED EVERYWHERE IT'S BEEN TRIED.ASK GREECEWe are headed down this road. Our nation spends way more than it brings in and still have no budget!

Nancy Piglosi and the Obama administration are already trying to figure out how to get your 401k.

If you voted "Dem" you voted for exactly the same thing here in the USA.  Get ready - it's coming.

If you do not own gold and silver, you are just asking to lose all your money.

The Euro was doomed the minute they allowed socialist countries in..  Stupid, stupid, stupid!

The measuring of the revenue from financial taxation is not a simple task. The efficiency cost of financial taxation is unambiguously large in terms of the revenue collected when the rate of taxation is more than 30 percent. Tax rates of less than 20 percent seem to have, in proportion to revenue, a much smaller effect on assets and efficiency cost.And although it is difficult to detect the impact of small tax rates on the level of deposits at commercial banks, there may be other significant distortions even when the observed interest elasticity of financial assets is equal to zero.Financial taxation also has an adverse impact on future expectations about taxation and thus affects the development of the financial system. These long-term effects cannot be measured very well by standard time series methods. A comparison of financial taxation in the Sub-Saharan countries indicates that the long-term effects may be significant . As countries develop a larger menu of assets , the possibilities for substitution increase, and the efficiency cost of financial taxation rises.The efficiency cost of financial taxation thus depends on the stage of development.The analysis of the efficiency costs was limited to a partial equilibrium framework.

Thank God we still have a Constitution and a Supreme Court in the United States. I still haven't heard any condemnation from the Obama Administration.

If this were being tried in the US, bankers would no longer be able to go outdoors. I am a gun control advocate and opposed to violence but I have to admit, I would own a .243 Win and start stalking banksters. I'm not a great shot but the round will arrive well before the report.

How long before the socialist obama tries to do the same thing???

Obama and company are drooling, this is a great idea for them.  No, lets hide the same thing into taxes and fees.  What a joke.That is known as STEALING where I come from. Plain and clear, THEFT no matter how you look at it .     Deplorable and dispicable,,   trust NOT the Government!!!

Creditors and investors should take a loss before depositors.

Thats the problem when governments get to big and in trouble they go back to the people and try to take more money from them

The US did this in an indirect way called Social Security..  Obama will be the one to take it directly from your account.  Get your guns, silver and gold and buy a safe to store them.  Very dark days are ahead for America.

Inflation includes not only what you have in the Bank; but any cash you have not in the bank. Here that is about 5% every year. ( It is all Stealing, however you cut it.)

Oh come on...just take a lesson from the US Bailouts...just tax the citizens. We have an 11.6 trillion dollar deficit...yours is peanuts to ours.

oops! pay attention kids those tales about the mattress&amp;cash were for real ask gray m and grampa they were there

I would like to believe that this would not be tolerated in the USA.  Makes me want to withdraw my savings immediately.  Who cares if I don't get the 0.25% interest, big friggin deal!

News story today says " Stock market brushed off Cyprus. They can only sweep this under the rug until they trip over it. Greece, Italy, Spain, Greece again Etc. This is all part of a Huge story not many little ones

Hmmmmm, maybe my wife and I should go get our $28 out of the savings at the bank BEFORE our government decides to follow suit.  God Help America.Don't you know the president of the United States is hacked off that he didn't think of this first. Hold onto your wallets.

future of america thank you unions and government entitlements and dont forget your president

They're now considering exempting people with smaller savings in order to gain support. That's exactly the way they'll do it here.

one word, 'Iceland'..

Not sure why so many seem to find this funny. Because of the Euro Cyprus did not have the option to print/devalue so they stole money from they own people. In the US the Fed money printing is eroding the value of the USD so money is stolen from americans too... It just isn't as obvious... :)

These bankers are the same bankers that control our finances.  Push to get rid of them as Iceland did...

People writing #$%$ on their hands and putting skittle wrappers on their faces are total tools and definitely ignorant morons

Ob1, don't even go there!

This is the first time I seen agreement between both parties in the U.S.,but what bothers me is that one party trusts the government with theirs and their childrens lives, but not with their money.

It can happen anywhere...Suddenly grandpa's habit of hiding his cash under the mattress doesn't sound as stupid as it used to.

When my grandmother died this year, we found thousands of dollars in cash hidden throughout her house. My aunts said she was crazy, but I don't think so. I inherited a lace tablecloth she had made. Took it home to wash it and out flew 20 $100 bills! They were so old that the grocery store auto-cash register didn't recognize them! She had been stashing cash for decades. It took forever to go through her stuff, and we are sure we missed some money, but at least the banks and the government didn't get it!

So how many people do you think will use banks now?

Wake up Americans! you don't think it can't happen here? 17 trillion and rising deficit and with the talk of removing the cap totally just imagine the inflation will go through the roof. We are being systematically bankrupted just like the rest of the world.

Buy gold

Just think about all the money sitting around in 401(k) accounts.  Hmmmmm.

This is what happens when socialism takes over. Things to come here at home in the USA if lawmakers do not get a handle on what is going on. This extremist nut-job of a president is already proposing a tax increase as a part to pay for the sudden increase of social programs and the over spending that he says we needed because of the sudden lay offs that followed due to the mismanagement of the housing market. The democratic party has already put an over 3% tax on all sales of real estate in this country through this health care law. This nut-job extremist is proposing new taxes in a time when they have already taxed us at an alarming rate through the every day goods we buy causing inflation to go through the roof with gas prices climbing back up to over $4.00 a gallon. These every day items are not only subject to federal tax but also a state tax. We are due to see these products increase at another alarming rate if they due away with the Louisiana state income tax.I wonder how long before they start closing the banks here to start stealing money from hard working Americans to pay for obligations they have made and cannot meet. Oh, wait they are going after the one program that people are obligated to pay into (social security) and once again they are cutting it because after all they cannot cut welfare and food stamps because there is no tax revenue dedicated for that they can steal to put somewhere other than what it was meant for.For some time now I have been trying to figure out why this nut-job extremist of a president and the democratic party wants to follow the path of socialism and I keep coming back to one conclusion. They want this country to fall to a point where they can take over and not have to answer to a people that cannot take care of themselves. After all, why would they come up with a plan that only conditions people to a life of dependence? Why would they write in laws allowing them to take control of all natural resources of this country in a time of peace? Why would they need to buy over 2 billion rounds of ammunition and 2700 light armored vehicles for homeland security that I might add answers to and works for the government. This law that was written in giving the white house the right to use drones on the American people without due process, all this is a part of enforcing government control that they are pushing through legislation in taking more control over our every day lives.But, getting back to this article no, they do not have the right to block control of other people's money in this matter.

its stuff like this that starts revolutions.

So now what, cash your check and deal only in cash?

So the short story is that the Cypriot banks used their depositor's funds to buy Greek debt (which was an insane move).  Then the banks were forced to "forgive" the Greek debt they bought.  The Euro finance ministers are playing "hot potato" with the euro debt and Cyprus just caught the hot potato.Here is an idea, default like Iceland did. The debt does not belong to the people, it belongs to the bankers.

All governments are now are a monkey on peoples backs.....

Political leaders create problems, they write checks they want us to then pay for. They foster dependence on them with all of their 'PROGRAMS". Look what happens though if you have something. The government wants to take it away. You have rights, the government wants those. You have money, the government wants that. You have independence. The government wants that. Look at how over the years more and more politicians have made more and more Americans dependent. Stand up for yourselves. We do better as a country when we work together, not divided as we have become the last decade. America's strength has been in coming together.

That will start a civil war there...  Some politicans will end up 6 foot under

The U.S. is next...Don't think it can't happen here under the current socialist regime...

This is a dream come true for Obama.

I wonder how many of our thieving politicians got wind of this and moved their bank accounts to yet another country to avoid paying taxes in the country they rule?

The game is rigged and we ain't in on it....George Carlin.....Banks: Heads they win; Tails you lose!!!

The Germans can force the implentation and the Russians are going after their Gas natural gas rights. Guess what If Americans think they are immune to this with China think again. The Bumbling oafes in Congress ,the President ,all of them know this is coming to the US and they won't for a minute change their behavior. In fact they are arming DHS to the hilt. 1.6 billion rounds 7000 armored vehicles. They told the people in Cyprus 2 weeks ago this would never happen. Instead of the media reporting what is coming to the US they are talking about Lindsey Lohan Tiger woods. Good show Sheeple!

the EU did this to test what they will do in most member countries that are in over their heads to debt...if it goes rather smooth, then many more countries savers will be stolen from..."for the greater good"    yes for the greater good of the Bankers of course...it will happen in the USA also at appointed time...FDIC insured deposits?  haircut time is comingwhy do people put up with this sh/t?

Iceland told the banksters and the euro zone youre NOT getting repaid your debt ridden money! Look it up on youtube. This article lies about what really happened. Tax? Since when is taking a citizens money from their own bank account a legit tax? This all part of the elites plan to rule the world and notice how healthcare in the U.S. is being called a tax. Wake up sheeple! This "tax" scheme is already affecting most of the world!!!

Do you think that this could happen in usa.? you better believe it. the banks are stealing your money everyday. the banks will charge you for cutting a fart.they control wash. they control the us economy.

You liberals are destroying  the responsible people all around the world.  got to love socialism!!  cant wait to see if Obama and Bloomburg think this is fair or not.  since they led by telling us how to live and all.

Theft 101 you have to steal money from someone who has money.

So let me see if I get this straight; when you deposit money in a bank in Cyprus you also have to give the bank a toaster?!?

More ammo procurement for DHS - CheckMRAP vehicle procurement for DHS - CheckCan't happen in the US?  Yeah.

Remeber when we thought the crazy people hid their money under the mattress?

Obama is not above doing something like this. Liberals would support it too.

Europe is such a mess because of leftism and marxism, instead of true capitalism which is NOT corporatism, but individual liberty.  We're fast losing liberty in the USA, to a power obsessed and dangerous federal entity and it's alphabet soup of gestapo agencies, so Europe is a preview of what the USA will look like in 30 years, obama willing.Soon coming to a bank near you America. So go and play another video game, watch another reality tv show. Everything is fine.

This is just the start.  If you have large deposits of money laying around I would turn them to gold and silver asap.  When the SHTF paper money will only be good for lighting fires to stay warm.

Scary

This could be the US some day! Wake up people!

Give our Great Leader Obama no term limits and this type of banking will happen here. In the view of liberals, everything should be fair. So anyone actually making a decent living should pay for Obama phones, Obama elect cars, Obama vacations, Obama EBT cards, etc. how is it possible that I saw person with the fattest Latino accent buying red bulls with EBT card. I work 60 hours per week and a red bull is a luxury item I buy once in a while.

So... I think the word is that they (Cyprus)  now are not going to confiscate money/levy tax against accounts holding less than 100K.Sounds like another Robin Hood story.  Isn't that what U.S is doing...... just in another way?  Redistributing wealth?

Oh heck. This is not different than what the US does. Except the US plans an attack on it's people, then blames the target of choice and   &lt;Vwalaaaah!&gt;  The money they need for the cause.   I applaud Cyprus for at least having the guts to say "I'm taking your money. 10% and I hope we don't need more."

Dickbama will be doing this soon here in America.

don't give oblamo more ideas?yes it can happen here,look at social security and now higher taxes to pay for all of the rulers social programs??

This bailout tax is supposed to keep the two major cypress banks from collapsing. But you know everyone is going to move their money as soon as they can and never bring it back, so the banks are going to collapse anyhow. You know they are going to put in place limitations on how fast you can withdraw your money and some people will lose a lot more than 10%.  I believe the euro dollar is going to collapse. Countries are going to start leaving like dominos falling.its coming to the US...what makes it worse is that the 47% will support it.

ain't socialism great libs?....

Just wondering................ what would the fed do........ if all of a sudden the masses in the U.S. started closing their bank accounts!The Home Safe companies would have a field day!!! :)

further evidence that A) socialism doesn't work. B) keynsian economics doesn't work. C)the EU is a failed concept. D)any country that outsources the control of its currency is doomed. And the result is the working people get f'd

Finally the rich will be paying their fair share in Cyprus !!!

Wow! seizing bank account of ordinary people!   Holy Moly, i better pull all my money out fast and emmegrate to USA!!! Fast. EU is sinking fast

They say they only want the big money from the wealthy rich but to get it they must take it from everyone - sounds just like the dumocrat's tax plan here in the US - we all should buy big fireproof safes to keep our money in at home - anyway there's not much interest paid by the bank.

if lawmakers are willing to do this, why not do it in a straightforward way. put on some ski masks and walk into the banks with assault rifles and simply order the tellers to put 10% of all the accounts deposits into a burlap sack.

American Union?... You also inherit their debt as well... Plus their re-occurring annual debt, which has been in existence since most of the South American countries have been in their existence... You can actually bank on Civil War in the U.S. if government, ever tries to Unionize Alliance with other under developed/achieved Western Countries!... Period!  Asia has already drained our free enterprise incentives and Patriotism!... Afterall, look who is not the GOP!... Socialists!...

Gov. / Banksters collude to take everything.  Give some  'Instant Karma'  to help the Cypriots overcome the evil trying to take over the world.  We seem to have common enemiesDon't think it can never happen in the USA.  They once seized the gold of US citizens.

legal theft.   This is just a notice to you all, that my account is getting low so I will be withdrawing 10% from all your accounts.  It's got to be legal, because that's what the politicians and governments do.   Ya,  that hardly seems legit.

This is just the beginning of it. If you think we are safe here in the US,,,,think again

The end of our so called civilization is near....

The company I work for does not give us the option of receiving a check.  You have two choices:1.  Direct deposit2.  Money cardI'm beginning to not like that idea very much.

10 yrs and the Goverment will have this place to where the 47% will bear arms.  They will figure out that they have been lied too!

We are doomed!

Just wait until our dollar falls and you notices the stock market is nice and juicy.  guess what folks, someone is making lots of money and sure not the average joe blow or middle class american families.   did i say, middle class.  gee, where are they.   they sure knew about the housing bubble, lay offs etc.   very sad, but we can take back this country and too many people believe in the freedom of what this country stands for.   what people do not realize it is not capitalism it is about the crony capitalism that not right and makes capitalism look bad.   free market is free society.  they want to enslave the world and nobody can conquer the world it is just impossible you can tried but the good wonder will not ever let you.

They want to bring everyone to their knees and many are going to die.  sorry for the bad news but we walk around with our heads in the clouds allow things to pass without batting eyelashe.   they know they can get away with it and who fault is it.   ours, and we need to wake up.   good old benjamin franklin and people asked what type of government and he said american republic if you can keep it.     bascially, we have not kept it and we are losing our rights.

It is all about getting the new world order intact and can be stop if americans and europeans know this can happen look what happening in america with the gun issue.   also the euro issue and so many events are just happening around the world.  it is called chaos and cause and effect.  like divide and conquer and be doing that since day one.0.005 in interest and the govt may take up to 10%.  Gramma's mattress is looking profitable. Good thing I live here.....I think

Are those people allowed guns?

And now we see why the big corporate people were snatching up gold and silver.  As usual, the middle class will bear the brunt of the pain.  While the politically-connected elite and the brainwashed poor serfs who obey without question are immune.  All liberty is being erased, and now the moves are coming faster and faster, setting precedents that every nation will then point to as reason why they can do it too.

I see commies here are all for taking people's private properties away.  Would someone, obama, come out and say this will never happen to US citizens?  No comment from White House.  Enough said.

You cannot seize was is not there, if such actions took place here (U.S.) conspiracy theorists, the rich would just offshore. Even in this fantasy scenario the poor and middle class take the beating.

"Bank holiday" and Emergency Banking Act of 1933 closed US Banks. It has happened here. Do you trust Caesar Obustus with your money?

This happens all over the world actually. Per year, between 3 and 4% of your savings are robbed. It's called currency inflation. The more of something there is, the less value it has. Your being robbed blind, but because it's gradual and indirect, no one bats an eye.The only difference here is they are being upfront and honest about the theft.

It's a unique case.... where have I heard that before .....

When a countries National Debt gets big enough - Anything goes.  This is definitely in line with President Obama's policy - Tax the rich - in this case the ones who have bank accounts - and disregard any hard work or personal budgeting that may have resulted in a bank account.

so they want to tax deposits? not the interest on the deposit?... its that even legal?... and to the Cypriots who hold accounts in Cyprus, like savings... would they not have paid taxes on those funds already when it was earned?.... man, I hope this proposal does not make it......Same thing happening here in the US. Just going about it a different way.

Obama is having an orgasm at the release of this news.. Hey I can do that too he said to Joe Biden

just take the money back from the snakes who created the mess in the first place i'm sure they gave them selves really nice bonuses

The One World Goverment is in place...One World Currency! One World Leader! One World Religion! and it Will be Run From the Un...and the Eu...Hello World Wake up to this Fact..God Word is comming to Pass...

Obummer is trying to figure out how to do this to America !

Tax on deposits .... so how are u going to teach your children that saving is a virtue ??? and IMF and the ECB formally endorse it ... what kind of clowns are these people ???

so this is why our president wants to join the euro

Get ready people..The DNC and Obama are watching this to see the outcome. if this goes over there I can tell you the Obama admin along with the progressive democrats in this country will try to do the same to us.......bend over and get ready to take it up the a(s)s once again by Obama and the democrats.

No wonder the US govt. has bought up all the .223 and 7.62 ammo.  Won't be long the same or something similar will happen in the US.

"There could be legal - and political - challenges" REALLY? WOW! Who wrote this for real? Chris Chase?They wrote "NO" on their palms. I wonder if the ink come off their pen%$#3is. Just thinking. uhmmm

Thank goodness my money isn't in a Cypriot bank!  That could have cost me as much #$%$

And when this reaches America will Obama be sucessful in blaming ther Republucans?

Proof nothing is free. Low taxes on keeping money there has surely paid off.

Stealing is stealing!

Please don't give Obomao and the tax and spendaholic dimotraitors any ideas

Back a few centuries ago the Greeks and Cyprians use to be creative and inventive and artist and cultural innovist.  Now they are just plain lazy and corrupt.    We in the USA should take a lesson from them..look forward to a future like they are going through.Someone should take all this in and write a book...HOW TO SURVIVE THE UP AND COMING FINANCIAL COLLAPSE AND LIVE OKAY.   It's coming and it's going to be very very rough for most..unless you are prepared.   Gold, silver, weed, percodans, pharmacueticals, some type of medical insurance to get you covered on all your scripts.Food should be okay but you want zero expenses.

Why are they so mad? They are only being asked to pay their FAIR SHARE.....

Are we next!!!!!

Iceland — another island with an outsized financial sector, although worse weather . What does the weather have to do with any of this?The press is filled with MORONS!16.5 TRILLION &amp; running on the debt clock, &amp; that's not including our true debt w/social program mismanagement. Not even close. Can it happen here?...U betcha sweet petuttie. First they'll want to steal your guns before they steal your savings...."for your own good" of course. Remember..FEMA has plenty of "space" for those who fight back.

don't use a bank you won't have to worry,use a sock or put it under the mattress.this is not the smartest thing to do with your money but it will be effective

"You didn't build that, the government helped make that happen" ...Obama seizes 10% of all savings accounts, and 70% of all jobs left, and furloughs mondays and fridays for everyone.

They take away your assault riffles, and then try to take your savings accounts?!?!!! Time to fight back!

Coming to an America near you!!  Destruction by design.

I bet they used to say ( this will never happen here ) We here in the US, need to learn  and prepare for something like this happening here.I know that I will go ahead and buy a large safe and start keeping extra cash at home,,and only keep whats needed tp pay bills in a bank account.

This is just one more step toward a cashless world currency economy.  And tyranny in America.

This not much different than the way it would go in the US. FDIC only insures up to $250,000. Any deposits over that amount are lost when a bank fails and they often offer less than 100% on the amount insured as well.... depending on how fast you need your money.

maybe the US should take a hint. drop taxes and allow businesses the certainty to hire people. maybe this is why Obama is being a gun grabber... maybe, they know something like this is coming?

Why would anyone in Amerika keep that much cash in a bank where it earns such a miniscule amount of interest, and you are taxed on that little bit of interest? You are losing purchasing power! I keep just enuf in my bank account to pay bills. Now I'll keep some under my mattress. The rest of my money goes into stocks paying at least 3% (with dividend reinvestment) and to gold &amp; silver bullion, especially when gold &amp; silver prices dip like now. Starve the beast!The banks themselves will NOT lose any money at all.  The money will got from the depositor's account to the government and from there to the banks which hold government debt.  Sweet deal for the banks.

Obama is paying attention to this because he and his socialist cronies want to do this here.

people, pull all your money out of the BANK(s) now, before the government steals it from you.

Sorry.  All you people that have a house and wanted Obamacare will be paying 3.8% of your home sale price to uncle sam.But all the people on government assistance won't pay anything because they don't own anything.  I mean Leaches.

Patrick: "Anyone who has ove 130,000 in the bank can afford it and look what we've become with our capitalism... It's much better in Europe."Karl Marx summed it up  “from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.”Marxists insist life is only about proper distribution of wealth. Only two classes matter: rich and poor. The poor are pure, but the rich diabolical, since they effectively steal wealth via Capitalism.

Move to seize bank depositsYou don't seem to understand who WE are !!!WE are.... The OBAMA Cartel.WE will TAKE your bank account if WEFEEL like it. Your 401K too....FORWARD &gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;To ONLY government; ALL the timeNow let's ALL sing Hymn # 3Our Government is an Awesome Government

Obama is taking notes.

How about that Mars land rover?  Lets build 100 more.  Lol..

So!  Isn't it about time to hold politicians responsible for their actions?

Do those idiots in Cypress not know about online banking?Cyprus should distinguish between 1) a "tax" on foreign deposits that represent attempts to avoid taxation elsewhere: 2) a penalty for domestic tax evasion; and 3) double taxation on previously tax-paid domestic income. The last is hard to justify, but a case can be made for the first two. In countries like Italy and Greece, tax evasion on a massive scale is practiced by ordinary people via the underground economy. There, a case by case recovery of taxes that should have been paid would be impractical.

"The trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money." --Margaret Thatcher"The problem with Capitalism is that Socialism is always the preferred system of the wealthiest Capitalists"--Me

So funny, live within your means --- what the he!!!

Liberals everywhere are salivating . . .

How nice, the government will simply seize your money! And this is to give to those who do NOTHING to earn their own money. Sounds like the welfare system!Anyone LIVID about our welfare system yet???

How long until Barack Obama attempts the same thing?

Wake up people, this WILL happen in all countries eventually. Just have a look around the world, look how many countries have spent them selves into a hole and will be looking to steal your money to "pay' for it. Fact is...these debts will never be paid for.....it will be used as a continual enslavement of all people.Its time to cast these governments and international banks(all legalized mobs) aside and start over.The two enemies of the people are criminals and government, so let us tie the second down with the chains of the Constitution so the second will not become the legalized version of the first. ~ Thomas Jefferson ~

Coming to the U.S. soon Thanks Obama

Americans: Here is your future because you want the government to take control of your lives just like they do in Europe!

What is the difference when government seizes part of our savings and when part of savings is lost account of government created inflation?Coming to America soon under Obamacare 2.0 act.

This is the future of the US if the Democratic Party enacts all of its policies.

You have stack of chips at the casino and the pit boss says "Sorry sir we're taking 10% of that"  You going back there?  Once word gets out will others continue to go?   These idiots are just like Obama.   No brains!

Coming to America in your lifetime. Politicians have come to the opinion that we are pawns in their game.  First we are taxed on our income or investments. When we save enough to buy a home or property they tax that. When we spend money on food clothing or fuel they tax that. Now it seems that the strategy has become: If you don't spend your money, we will. (On golfing trips or multimillion dollar meetings)

Sounds like the preliminary stages are being set for civil war.  Now lets see how far this spreads to Europe.  Once governments begin to expand their stealing from the society it is time for people to seriously contemplate action.  This is very disturbing news.  People should find other ways to hide their money.  China should consider making itself a Switzerland Banking System in allowing world-wide customers to open secret accounts there. I am sure the Chinese won't allow themselves to be bullied by the US or Europe into disclosing information.  Can it be anymore apparent that governments are the enemies of the people?  The world is headed for a major political correction.

90% of the account holders are american politicians hiding their money so they dont have to pay taxes here in the country they reside. Ask the Kennedys how the grandpappy made his half a billion. He got it from evading taxes on alcohol in the prohibition days. He bought ships to sail to France to bring back liquor so he wouldn';t have to pay Uncle Sam a cent.

No place is truly safe for your money, and since you cannot take it with you to the grave, why worry.

I'm way ahead of the government. I keep my cash in my mattress. The interest rate is almost the same as the bank's. And, I can't lose the principle. Sexual Intercourse Capitalism.

How difficult was it to see the "Overbuilding" that all governments and private developers were doing before the crash?  Simple demographics and 2.6 people per home equation, simple retail market power and demand.  Stupid behavioral economics thought that it would last forever and borrowed and borrowed because the banks make commissions on doling out other people's money.

And now you wonder why they want to disarm our country?  Trust me folks, these same steps are not far away for our country.Obama is thinking..."That's a good idea, if it wasn't for those obstructionist Republicans in the House.  Hmmm...an executive order just might work!"

A government big enough to giveyou everything you want, isstrong enough to take everythingyou have.

Just saying...wouldn't cutting government spending be the better answer? Just saying

So basicly they will steal the money, the only differance is they are telling about it first.

Coming to a country near you. .....Obama tax

Hey Warren Buffett, here's one you don't have in your portfolio.

Thanks to oblama and the demoncrats this action will be happening soon in America.

If this ever happened in America, who would propose it and enact it?The Republicans or the Democrats?

Take heed,If you have money in the bank it is coming.Our Government has already proven it does not care about the common working class,thry are already stealing from us and giving to those who will not work.When they(the government) run out of money to give free-loaders and other countries their coming for what you got, ARM YOURSELF

I'm sure Obama has his eyes on this one to see how it plays out. If you have savings, he wants it!Another example of a welfare state collapsing... and the citizen crying foul when the government needs help paying for the benefits the citizens have been getting... and this is the direction Americans wants to go?......  Charlie.. the governments are running up debts for programs for citizens plus taking a little for themselves off the top....  Governments that were voted in= the Citizenry getting exactly what they deserve...  Its like no one understands that eventually, "someone" has to pay for it...

Coming to a bank near you – brought to you by the Obama administration

Obama is going to tax employer paid health insurance as regular income soon to pay for Obamacare. Your savings accounts will be next.

People beware. Obama's welfare spending in now well over a trillion per year and Obamacare cost estimates are soaring. Obama and libs are looking for more ways to get your money.

I am buying a mattress warehouse! And spreading my pennies amongst different jars.

The best investment today is ammunition. If you had bought 10K worth five years ago you could have doubled your money today.

I hear that mattresses are paying better rates of interest nowadays and allow for instant access with no risk of government larceny.

Certainly, they can tax deposits above the insured limit of 100,000 euros as much as they wish- if the government of Cyprus do not accept the bailout, the banks will be insolvent anyway, so that money will no longer exist. Losing 10% is much less bad than losing everything over 100K.Taxing under the limit is the worst policy they could devise, though. People put money into insured accounts in banks because it is absolutely, utterly safe. If they wanted to risk losses, they could get better returns doing virtually anything else with it. If you wanted to devise a recipe for bank runs and financial panic every time a Euro-zone country needs a bailout in the future, it's hard to imagine a better one than this. It's lunacy.

I would be curious to see what the Lawmakers in Cyprus have done with their savings and investments over the last few months. You think they have left in the banks to be taken or moved it somewhere else before they decided to do this?

Our worldly governments are quickly becoming the enemy of the people.  WHAT RIGHT DO THEY HAVE TO TAKE MONEY FROM PEOPLE'S BANK DEPOSITS?Take note America, $100,001 in the bank is the new definition of wealthy. How do y'all feel about that? Remember that neither life, liberty nor property are safe while the legislature is in session.

Whoops......just gave obama an idea.....look out folks, it's coming our way!!

Sounds like U.S. Banks.  The taxpayers bailed the banks out and now the banks are screwing Americans by restricting bank loans and services.  Guess we can't blame banks or bankers for their debt but try to get a Bankruptcy decision without paying banks.

Socialism never works.

Take heed America. Do not assume that we are safe from this mentality. The very same "discussions" in Congress about "reforming entitlement programs" IS EVERY BIT THE SAME AS PILFERING PEOPLE'S DEPOSITS. The words have been altered to protect the guilty, but criminals and guilty cockroaches they are. The Euros allowed criminals to govern them. WE allow 545 people in Washington to make a mockery of "government for the people". America's credit rating was lowered and we sank into a recession caused by the very bankers that we had to bail out. And to this day no one has been prosecuted. Our national debt alone could bail out the Euro Zone 3x over. Now those very banks that put us in recession and that we were forced to bail out are back on the path to record profits as thousands of families still struggle to recover from foreclosures, job layoffs and ever increasing taxes and prices.  And we let the cockroaches thrive. "My fellow Americans..." their words always start out.How can you tell a politician is lying??  Answer:  His lips are moving.

Profligate socialists are always looking for other people's assets to seize...just like the Bolshevik-in-Chief has done right here!

In this world, don't trust anyone!  Put your cash in a mayonaise jar and bury it in the back yard like they did during the Depression!  Let the Government come and try and find that!

This is why we have the 2nd amendment.

They better limit people from withdrawing money when they open again or they will have a bank run on their hands.  Get the rest of the money out while you can will be the theme.

No it's not stealing, I'm trying to help you and for best interest of our country. Come on, steal is steal! No question but they r bigger boys than we are :-(don't think we are far from this happening here in our country! it is in the health scare bill,no doubt penned by Pelosi &amp; Reid and yours truly! keep your money somewhere else,banks are failing everyday! they aren't paying hardly anything on your money,not even on cd's!

Dont look now ,the beginning of world rebelion is starting. Take your money whats next.Dont give up your guns we will neeed them to take back our goverment from the thives in washington!

Slippery slope.  When one country does it, others get ideas.  It's hard to get rid of policies once they are in place.  Fight like heck with your governments and hit the street if you even get a hint that something like this is being thought about.  I have enough hands in my check already.

This just shows no bank account is safe.

I hope the citizens take all of their money out of the banks after the gov steals some of it and end the banks once and for all.  Stealing from the poor to make up for the rich's stupidity...#$%$

America's future under obama &amp; obamacare &amp; energy regulations &amp; climate change (lie) &amp; education reform &amp; trade policy &amp; ...  anything he touches!  Because his philosophy is backwards!

“When a government is dependent upon bankers for money, they and not the leaders of the government control the situation, since the hand that gives is above the hand that takes. Money has no motherland; financiers are without patriotism and without decency; their sole object is gain.”Napoleon Bonaparte

I find it very interesting that this starts to come about after my job, and alot of my friends jobs, require you to have direct deposit. I didn't want it, but was told " that is the only way you will be paid." Couldn't figure out why until reading this story. This will be here (U.S.A.) before you know it.

"A government big enough to give you everything you want, is big enough to take away everything you have." Thomas Jeffersonhint, hint, to you Obamatards.

hows that voting for the slob that promises the most working in cyprus. same in america but the democrats cant read what happened in cyprus and to stupid to realize the fascism is a direct result of socialism they demanded.Its making obumma voters think now, I bet he is thinking golf money now,An muicho new wigs.

News flash one year from now...  "Cypress Banking System in Shambles Again"  Since we started taxing deposits no one wants to put their money here anymore, and we still don't know why....  Dumb is as dumb does....

The enemy from within.

Be afraid it's coming to the USA if our fiscal house isn't put in order, the difference here is that the populace is armed, though the libs and the left are doing their best to change that.

The banks are  1/2 the reason you are in that situation. And you still trust them with YOUR MONEY? "people are so stupid." Get your money out and show them who really runs the show! You don't have to have a bank! Fight Back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Probably time to buy a shovel and start saving the empty coffee cans.

People are do not understand: 90% of the bank account there are linked to the mob (Russian,chinese,narco etc..) it is not a big deal..You can tell by the fact that Poutin is freaking out! lol!

America,watch and learn, Cyprus coming to a town near you.

There are 2 ways to look at this. One is people complain that the wealthier countries are bailing out the bankrupt countries. How else could you make citizens pay for allowing their politicians bankrupt a country. Or do you feel that when citizens allow politicians to promise the moon and keep spending that no one is responsible.

Well if it was really the EU going after only the Oligarchs money, then all they have to do is tax non citizen accounts. Why are they punishing this little country and let Greece, Spain and Ireland off the hook? There is information that is missing.it seems that the european bank has now turned into a ROBIN HOOD bank..rob the rich [ prudent ] give to the [ people who do not save for their future ] these UNELECTED faceless people will bring the whole system down with their politics of envy..whatever happened to the christian principal of the three wise virgins as described in the bible..luton lurcher..

This is not a "one-off deal" as Heather Conley reports in the last paragraph.  If they get this enacted, then it will set a precedent and it will happen again.  We in the U.S. have our own version of this with ObamaCare.  Starting in 2014, there will be a 3.8 percent health care tax on assets like the sale of a home.  On a house of $200,000, a very modest home in most parts of the country, that's $7600 dollars.  Governments need to stop being everything to everybody.  People need to be responsible for their own well-being and only rely on public expenditures as a last resort.

Cypress and Greece have been run by liberals for years. This is what happens. You can bet if Dems stay in power in the USA, it will happen here.

I have an idea... don't bail out the banks in the first place.  Let them deal with the consequences of their actions.

And you can bet your bank account obamacare is taking notes on this one.

If people in the US don't think this could ever happen here.. guess again.  This is exactly what Obama believes.  He believes that "your money" is not really yours. It's the government's and the government will let you have what the government sees thinks you should have.  Everything else belongs to the government and they can use it the way they see fit.When you think about it that's kind of how it works now actually.  The deadbeats and welfare scammers that don't work just take whatever Santa-Obama and the government gives them and just expect that to keep coming their way.  They have no bank account to take anything from so they're in no jeopardy of having the government take a dime from them.  And where does the government get the money they dole out?  From those that actually produce things and create wealth.  But again that matters not to the dependent class Obama and the government want to rule for life.  Sad really.

"D@mn, I like how the Gov of Cyprus rolls!"- Barry O

Wonder why passing gun legislation is so important to this administration?

dont give the Democrats any ideals.

Why not make the banks pay up instead of taking people's savings ? Oh right I forgot banks can do no wrong and if the banks were made to pay they would just steal it from their depositors somehow anywaySo the government is just going to STEEL the peoples money

They name countries as Russia having their contraband in Cyprus banks. Don't the wealthy and corrupt politicians do the same in the US?

That  sure sounds like something obama would pull  with Nancy Pelosi standing behind him smiling , shaking her head and clapping  ..... but he would  do if differently and  say something like.  Let me be clear .  I want  to help the middle class  and make them stronger  and  the  right thing to do is socking  it to the power companies  with a carbon tax .Since  they can't do anything about it and they have a  lot of cash stolen  off the backs of hard working americans trying to put food on their table  .   We can raise billions of dollars  and  maybe trillions of dollars a year  to help cover  spending and balance the budget   without   raising  taxes on  the middle class 1 single dime............as all the people cheer   and obama says yes we can

I expect the Dems to start floating a similar idea here,.................wait, they will have access to our banks accounts with Ocare

Get ready it's coming here. Democrats have been eying up IRA's and 401K's for a withdrawal. Oh, they only want to do a onetime tax of 15%. You know there is just too much money in private retirement accounts. We need to make it fair. Steal from the rich, give to the poor! "Robber from the HOOD".

No mention of Goldman Sachs's role in the ransacking of European economies. You may swallow the libertarian economic ideas, but they are creating a global group of oligarchs picking our pockets. The answer is not neutering governments but giving them to citizen control.

This is exactly what the Kings and Queens of the European Union of the rich and powerful have been looking to happen throughout Europe.  Drive the countries poor into deeper poverty while they dine on lobster and champagne.

Cyprus is only rejecting what obama has ALREADY done to America !!! obama care is going to access / rape American's bank accounts. You have to READ the bill to KNOW what's IN the bill. Low informed voters ,those that did not vote and the LAME stream media  you did this to America !

Coming soon to the US !

Obammy would love to do this here. For liberals in general this is a wet dream.So hows that socialist way of life treating you folks in Cyprus?

This is disgusting! Pay Attention people! This is why people that lived through the Great Depression never trusted banks. I am glad I am not in Cyprus.

If there is money out there somewhere, liberals want it.

Obama drama gave how many trillions away to support Midde East Companies$$$$$$ goverment is out of control and into to many pockets of the people.  did we get any thing ? YES the bill with all the trillions given away no one in America should have to pay any -thing !! including drugs! This ADMINISTRATION is OUT OF CONTROL. ROME to big to FAIL?they are for NEW WORLD ORDER means a no cash world  everybody then has the chipped and it is a controled majorityof people!!!! all about power ! and UN is the head of this! there are suttel hint like  the navey commercials  NOT USA but GLOBAL AMERICA???NAVEY!!

Making his victim's familys pay for his continued existence is cruel and inhumane punishment.Any "life sentence" is out-and-out perversion!

All citizen from around the world should take note $100,001 in the bank is the new definition of wealthy. Or at least that's all there is separating the upper class from poverty and being on the dole. It makes me wonder why I ever worked, bought a home, raised a family or participated in the economy as it is apparent that I will not be allowed to take anything with me into government funded retirement. Making me no better than the least in our society. Say good bye to the middle class, the first casualty in any collective, and if I recall correctly one of Karl Marx's top priorities in the list of things to do!

Obama Administration ? no comment .

They cannot raise $7-8 billion?

This story is pure propaganda trying to justify unadulterated theft of private property.  Banks are criminal enterprises.  Bankers - especially large banks - need to be prosecuted under RICO statutes and thrown in jail for a long, long time.  Cypress is all about a trial balloon by the bankers to see how stupid and apathetic the people are.  If a bank has gotten itself in trouble - it needs to go bankrupt - plain and simple.  Providing banksters "bailouts' does not cure the problem.  It just encourages more of the same in the future.  Bankruptcy solves the problem by throwing the involved banksters on the street.  Better to let the fallout occur and take steps to make whole the depositors who are affected by the bankruptcy.  This is sheer madness !

The writer forgot to mention that the proper context to view this story in is that Republicans are greedy racists and that Obama says the US does not have a spending problem.IMF and WERLD BANK=LOAN SHARKZany ???'z

Well, if the article is accurate (BIG IF), then the Cypriots are more a victim of Greece's socialism than their own... it was Greece's economic collapse that ruined the Cypriot banks which were holding Greek debt.  If I were China, I would be worrying about the American economy and our relentless drive toward socialism because they are holding the majority of our debt, which makes the Greek debt look like my kids lunch money account.  Bottom line is that the socialists can only steal from the earning classes for so long until their ponzi schemes fail... no economy can prop up an entire nation of corrupt politicians and freeloading citizenry.

Lmao, future of American within 20 years guaranteed. Time to buy a good fire proof safe and convert currency to something valuable because it will be nothing but toilet paper.

try in a small country then larger then? coming to America and a bank near YOU

The Best Way to Speak to any Politican...and Banks is to Close Your Bank Account...dont bye what you Want...Bye what you Need...this will speak so loud and Clear...and get off the public welfare..this is the way to control you...we ask for it by taken from them..the less you take the less they control..get the drift yet..

Dollar is worthess..due to its huge deficeit, that is reality. And the Federal Bank has its own plans in the works.

Look at our finances 16+ trillion in debt, unfunded liability many times that, we borrow 47 cents of every dollar, the Federal reserve has printed Bernake bucks equal to our debt, the value of the dollar sucks, its why gas and groceries have gone up and the actual unemployment rate is still 13%, if the our creditors decide we aren't a good risk the party's over. But don't worry confiscating 401ks or pension funds or bank deposits, that can't happen here. We just owe a lot and might not be able to pay it back.

Those day it is called steal and they think steal don't mean anything than 20 years ago that steal is a big deal serious.

And all you sheep people think it cant happen here.

Helicopter Ben Bernanke and the Federal Reserve are printing fiat money out of thin air like there is no tomorrow.  A massive run on the banks in the USA happened in the Great Depression that no one in today's media wants to acknowledge.  Millions of people lost all their money forever during the Depression in the USA.  It can happen again!The Federal Reserve does not include food or energy prices in the consumer price index. Food and energy prices have risen for decades. Politicians and Centralized Bankers = liars and thieves whether in the USA, Cyprus, Italy, Greece, Iceland, Portugal, Ireland, Spain, Russia, China, India, Germany or anywhere else on the planet. Tax, spend and print is what all these corrupt thieves do best.The only people who thought the Depression was Great were the gangster bankster  thieves at the Federal Reserve as they did great at plundering and pillaging the US Economy after October 29, 1929 throughout the 1930's and again from mid 2006 - early 2010. The Federal Reserve is as "Federal" as Federal Express and has no reserves other than the fiat money they print out of thin air.It's the same everywhere, government tyranny, government foolishly spending taxes, government taking from citizens, government bringing home huge paychecks.

Buy Gold and arms.  For unless you are armed you will not keep your gold.*******                                                      *****Gold is for the mistress -- silver for the maid --Copper for the craftsman cunning at his trade.""Good!" said the King, sitting in his hall,"But Iron -- Cold Iron -- is master of them all."

Cyprus people got what they voted for and the American people will to.

Yep, this is a great reason to covert to a cashless society using debit cards. One computer hacker, one EMP, one illegal government siezure and you're broke. Hide your cash.

Cypress takes it more openly, but this is already happening worldwide:  taking the peoples' money without consent.  It's just that in most countries it's more shrouded.  What do you think the other bailouts were?  Did you give your consent for your money to be taken to bail out the world financial institutions?  They took your money anyway, though.It's this way worldwide really. They take it one way or another. They have to prop up their faulty financial system that doesn't work.You can thank the World Bank, IMF, and central banking system for this worldwide. The whole financial system is faulty.They really have us all over a barrel. The currencies are based on nothing but thin air. They control it worldwide. You leave it in, they take it like this or through taxation to prop up their faulty financial system. You take it out and hide it, they debase it or it falls and is worth less than toilet paper.

it probably will not happen if the politicians ever want to feel safe.  This is theft on a whole new level.

Where are their guns?

the only reason it hasn't happen here is    the Hebrew printing presses  ( AKA the FED) running 24/7 .........stop a think about it its all worthless

The old addage about the mattress is looking better all the time!

After reading some posts--most of you do not get it ! The government in Greece is taking the money to pay for the social programs in the country.. Ya, know--food stamps, huge unemployment, benefits (which are paid by someone else), etc..... Use some common sense here... Why would you get up everyday and go to work--just to pay for someone that chose's to sleep till noon, not bother to look for a job and ride the entitlement train ? Silly liberals !start stuffing the mattress,its heading our way, Wake up People !

Comming to a bank/theater near you

I still don't understand why a country feels compelled to shift the burden of poor business actions by bankers, on to the average, everyday working slave, I mean, citizen. It has already happened here in the US, just not as outright theft. It was called a bail out. The time is near for another bail out, this time for the government. WE THE PEOPLE need to RESET our government, and it's relationships with big corporations.

Just let the banks to close down

Wouldn't such a plan -to take people's money according to their bank balances -cause a run on the banks as people take their money out and stuff it in mattresses?

It happened when Hitler was in power and also seized everything else....Never trust a bank or some goverments.

If people get hit with taxes on deposits, they will stop making them (esp when interest rates are 0.01% on deposits).  This will lower bank reserve deposits and limit their ability to make loans due to the laws of the fractional reserve system.  Then the common people (most everyone) will go to a cash economy and this will be very bad for the economic engine as cash doesn't flow very quickly, and without loans the money supply can't grow.

Socialism does not work. Proven once again. The only people that benefits from it is the career politician. Wake up America. Let put time limit on our elected officials and no retirement package.

I don't understand how this even works, taking 10% of someone with only 1000 could be the difference between them eating that month and not ...

You can all thank the World Bank, IMF, and the central banking system.  Our financial systems are an illusion.  Our money is nothing.It doesn't work.On the one hand, they can take your money whenever they want to bail out their failing financial systems.  On the other hand, if they don't, your money is worthless anyway.That is what happens when you vote for nitwits, did I just say nitwits? Well look to Washington DC and that is about what you see and don't think for one minute they would do this to your bank account if they thought they could.

Why the outrage? Obama uses quantitative easing (a fancy method of printing money) and the overbearing, and middle class burdening Obamacare, to achieve the same goals.

The whole system is falling a part.  Scrap it.   So many zero's with nothing to back it up.An illusion, whose time has come to an end.

instead of raise tax, it 's toolog, they (Government) rob the bank money, it's quick ! Genius.

We are next... argue with me if you think we are not.

Every few hours they extend Cyprus bank openings by a day. Now Cyprus banks won't open until Thursday. By tomorrow, they will be closed until next week. Perhaps they will never reopen?

If people think that this will have no effect on how people view banks as a safe or unsafe place to keep their money they are dead wrong.  After this deal is finalized there will be at least a small run on banks in the eurozone.  In the end this will do more harm than good to the overall Euro economy.  Think of it this way, if this deal causes even 1% of depositers to take out their money it's a huge amount of money.

What very small fraction of Obama voters know where Cyprus is and what fraction of that realize what this means.

coming to a country near you.....usa....don't doubt it....oblowzo and the dems are already on it....

THIS will be Obama's legacy!liberal Socialists and you want more?

I agree, more than disagree, but the needs of the many, outweigh the needs of the few.The many cant bail out anybody if we have no savings. We have no savings when our jobs went to india, Mexico, and China.

It is time for a fundamental change in the way humans live!  It is time to drop money and create a global resource based economy where there would be no poor and no wealthy.  Where everybody would have access to everything.  Where people could be educated in multiple fields instead of focusing on one so that you can get that specific job.  I would like to suggest people learn a little bit about The Venus Project.

Wonder why they would srite "NO" in English when they speak Turkish and Greek and the Turkish word is something like 'hic' and the Greek word is something else...way to go Yahoo.

Bush and Congress raided the treasury to bail out the "job creators." Your tax dollars.

The government of Cyprus prematurely let the cat out of the bag. You can be assured the "redistributionists" in this country have already considered tapping our savings accounts.

Stop giving Obama ideas.  Then again, he probably has this on his laundry list for his grand socialist plan.  BTW, now that we paid for Pelosi to go to the Vatican, the deal is that she doesn't come back here!  That was my deal and she took it!

Cyprus confiscating (i.e., "taxing") bank accounts of savers is a wonderful way for governments to get $, says my son?Of course, the flip side is government can run its affairs in a fiscally responsible &amp; conservative way?

Hey Barry--don't get any smart ideas.  And FYI this is all because of overspending by the government-understand????

It is for the greater good of everyone if the government seizes all your assets and gives them to the less fortunate. Soon you will see the wino on the corner driving your convertible down the road with the top down screaming "woo hoo!!!!!".  Again, it's for the greater good if you didn't know.Depositors propping up the banks they put their money in? How about making the taxpayers prop up the banks instead. Oh my! Which one is more socialist?

Heads up, the same is coming to a US city near you.

This is why I keep my money in a secure place in my home and own 5 guns.....want either one....try and get it!!

The comments here only show how little Americans know about Cyprus. Try doing some reading on what actually happened rather then repeat rhetoric that is not applicable.

"European officials are promising that Cyprus is a unique case,..."  Oh so I guess it's different this time!!

Just an idea they borrowed from the current white house administration. Remember Obama's failed plan to tax  "idle" money sitting in savings acconunts ?

The govt owns you lock, stock, and barrel. It allows you to keep some of your money. It allows you to keep some of your freedom. It doesn't want you to know it can take all away from you at any time.Is it stealing if it's already the govts?

Why do you think Odumba and his proggresive drones are going after your rights ?Retardz because there is no cure for liberal/Democraps !

for those LOW info democrat voters...this has already been done and the socialist clintons eyed the opportunity heavily in the 90's.....

I know how much you FauxFarks hate facts, but there aren't versions of the truth. Its simply true that obama has raised spending the least of any president since Eisenhower. Dont take my word for it look it up theres tons of verifiable data out there if only because republicans have been claiming the exact opposite for years.Read it and weep republitards.......annualized growth of federal spending in %.Reagan '82-85------------------8.7Reagan '86-89----------4.9Bush I '90-93-----------5.4Clinton '94-97------3.2Clinton '98-01--------3.9Bush II '02-05---------------7.3Bush II '06-09----------------8.1Obama'09-13----1.4There are some weird people in Cyprus. They are probably some sub species of humans. Just look at those mismatched hands. I'd wear gloves if my hands were like that. Then I would have to use a "post it" piece of paper to write "NO".

Cyprus built its economy in recent years by becoming a financial center. GEE that sounds just like a country I know about, WE got screwed too.Out of this mine they got the gold and we got the shaft. ( RIP USA )

I am sure that Ojerkoff can send them the 7.5 billion of our tax money, that's less than a days interest on our debt.

5.8 billion euros is literally one day of Obama spending.  How about we just cut them a check?

i bet the high yellow is drooling over this one. he is pacing the oval orifice trying to figure out how to do this, go see tigers whor$ again and avoid michelles phat aze.

do not pay the dept, what they going to do take your country.  No in you bill of right if like U.S.  they start over fresh, everybody 0 balance and work and get new money going.

banks worldwide run trillions of dollars in drug money through each year....mostly british and chinese....its not hard information to access.....take some of those bucks

Liberal freeloaders are very creative about taking our money. Won't be long before they do something like this in the USA.

Obama is taking notes on this. Hide your money.

The French president is Obama's mentor!!Let's hope our copycat president don't try such stupid stunt.Before this happen here we need to impeach Obama.Oh Snap! Is this why the government wants our guns!?

Not really any different than what the Obaminator and his left-side lackies are doing here.

Whoops......just gave the "T" clones an idea.....look out folks, it's coming our way!!

Trying to discredit Obama with lies didn't work in '08. It didn't work in '12. And he won't be runnintg for president again. What the hell is wrong with you people? Seriously. Is it mental illness. A lack of education? DSeep-rooted ignorance. Racial hatred? Whatever it is, get help. You people sound like the type who kill innocent school children.

This is nothing, wait until they devalue all currency by 40%

Call it the KGB Putin Oligarch tax!  Cypress has been a laundromat for KGB Putin's Cabal!  Put a REASONABLE threshold on what deposits are subject to the tax...check the number of deposits over $100k, perhaps $500k!  This is like the US debate over tax rates on the 1% or 2%!  MOST in the USA or Cypress DO NOT HAVE $100k in their bank account!  A tax on laundered Russian Oligarchs deposits is a GOOD thing!  DO IT!

This is why our Government wants to disarm us.

Coming soon to an American bank near you.

Thats how the govts going to pay for obamacare, you fools!

When will people and Nations learn, if you dont have the cash for it you cant afford it.Cashes the check, takes the cash home..

All those who voted for Obama take note.  This is what you voted for, dont be surprised if this comes to the USA.  Dont act so shocked that actions have consequenes.When a country spends way more than it takes in it loses soverignty which includes rights of the people being taken away.

I have heard Putin come out against this but not our government. Bizzare

Now they get to go to the bank on Thursday, withdrawl all their money -10% that the bank will be keeping to save itself. When they get their money home their taxes will skyrocket and the rest will be taken. What did the average person in Cyprus do to cause this? Allow privately owned central banks to exist. We are all guilty.

People you have nothing to lose except for the chains of the progressive socialist  academic elites.

Governments built on the strength of banks are the problem. While I believe it's illegal to blatantly steal people's money to sort out a government's debt, they might just do it. It could happen anywhere, even here. What typically short sighted politicians don't get is that people will find other ways to keep their money, and hide it from those governments. Banks are privately owned by small groups of very wealthy people (including the Federal Reserve). Let them pay of their business problems, or let their rich owners go broke. Individuals' money is what governments should be protecting, but it doesn't always work that way. Governments that protect banks deserve to be overthrown.... every one of them.

The US government will be a little more sly.....I predict the government will raise taxes on 401K disbursements to 50% by the time I retire.

So they just STEAL the money for its people, I think its time to start removing my money from the US banks before they get the same idea and hid it some where else. You would be a fool to think it could not also happen here, my advice get the money out before it is claimed by the government

I am 60 years old and i have never heard of this country called Cyprus.Where the hell is it.

Raising taxes, while unpopular, is far more even and fair.  This plan simply punishes those who've saved regardless of their financial situation as those who've spent years being responsible will carry the burden while those who blow every last cent will see little to no impact.the corrupt bankers and all the fricking schemes and now the EU makes the citizens to pay for there crimes... just protecting the bond holders

The IMF and the Banksters have sold and bartered your debt until there is no one left to buy it... the world is $700,000,000,000     SEVEN HUNDRED TRILLION IN DEBT!!!Unless aliens come down to bail the world out... kiss your assets goodbye

Nothing like liberal policies at work. This is exactly what is going to happen under the Odumbo administration.

They should have given more information about Iceland, especially since the reason their financial system fell apart (like ALL of our systems currently are) is because of corrupt central banks that are stealing everyone's money.  They continue to gamble by making bad investments which have the potential for huge outcomes.  The problem is when the pay out isn't there, they don't lose money, they take YOURS.  Why?  Well, according to the US Attorney General, "they are too big to prosecute," and too big to fail.  Therefore, a bailout for the banking systems are in need at OUR expense.  Google Iceland Revolution and see how they dealt with corrupt bankers, then see the magnificent turn around they have made in 4 years after the corruption was removed.

GREAT, These countries, and others e. g., the U.S. have squandered the tax monies they have taken from citizens for centuries, but for this instance (decades) and now !!! they have exercised such poor stewardship of the funds they have taken over time and are now forcing their own citizens to pay for their mistakes by (Robbing) them.What is a pillar rule of decision making ??? For everyone ??? YOU must pay for your mistakes, and in doing so !! you make a sacrafice, independently. You get a DUI, you pay a fine, singularly, you commit a worse crime, you pay for it accordingly, YOU take out a loan, you are independently responsible, not your neighbor, YOU, so this topic is no different, government or not ... Those responsible should simply sacrafice !, do without, until they can recover themselves, regardless of what the cost is.  This is called paying for your OWN mistake/s, don't lay it on those that had no input, say, or control of the repercussions and decisions that caused the fail, demise, fall-out, or Ooops that has came from the mistakes made...

What's the difference between a bank robber and a politician looking for revenue? Wait a minute, still thinking.

Can a chain of events create a like environment here in the good ole USA? You better know it! Don't be fooled America, Europe is closer to us than we think. This third rock from the sun is getting smaller every day. Time to reach out for the Son...

It can happen here in the U.S. as well. Who do you think is going to lower our $14 trillion in debt? Obama? No, the tax payers are going to fork the bill for our unpaid debt.

Moral of the story.... Banks are bad!

Anyone, after this, who keeps their money in banks that participate in the theft of their deposits deserves to have it stolen again in the future.I'm not a man of many words, but guillotine is one of them.

sounds like our senate at work. love the socialists.............

Coming to a town near you soon

Well now they've put the idea out there worldwide to all depositors that it can happen to them too.Most countries do it already through taxation, but at least they don't take it directly out of your account yet without paperwork or permission ... kind of.  People at least have the illusion that their money is safe.They are causing worse than they feared would happen.  Let the banks fall already.  End too big to fail.  The financial system is a worldwide house of cards, and I see a wind coming if this sort of thing continues.Think about it ... on the one hand, they can take your money at any time to bail out the faulty financial system.  On the other, if it falls (or when) the money is worthless anyway.

Save , save, so the government can take what you save, its the same here, only the u.s. govern creates a mortgage crisis, or bank fiasco. To manipulate the stock market funds, where most people have their savings. People will rebel.

Wake up America – seizure of bank deposits is coming to a bank near you…. Keep as much cash stashed as reasonably possible….

Federal Law states that US banks are forbidden to be closed for 3 days straight. 2 days is the max.

Obama has been trying to think of a way to tax the babyboomers 401K in the name of fairness of course. The world is waiting to see if the people of Cypress stand and fight or go like sheeple into the slaughterhouse. You better hope they fight. I'm buying more silver and gold coins.

At the rate our Government is spending we will be here in just a few years.  Being one of the forgotten people who actually pay taxes, I'd really like for the country to get back to proportional governmental spending (say no more than 10% of GDP at the Federal level including debt re-payment).  Because of the size of the current debt, a surtax should be levied on everyone for the next 25 years to pay down the debt.  Taxes should be proportional as well (on all citizens).  This might be through a Federal sales or VAT tax.  The dole needs to be scaled back to cover assistance for a year or less and then some sort of workfare.  Social security should be converted into a real pension plan.  Portable Medical IRA's, with catastrophic medical insurance plans, should be encouraged on all American families (tax deductable employer payments in welcome).  K-12 education assistance, transportation assistance, food stamps, unemployment assistance, etc. should not be administered by the Federal government but distributed to the states for administration as grants.  Disaster relief can be administered through grants to charities.  Charitable donations should be legitimate tax deductions at the lower of cost or current appraised value.  College loans and grants should be limited to only degrees in the trades, sciences, business/economics, medicine, and engineering and should be funded strictly from funds received in current college loans.  Because of this privatization push, go ahead and beef up the investigory services to crack down on fraud by those agencies receiving the funds through the Government.

All these comments from the peanut gallery without understanding anything.Let's clarify this. If the banks go bust, then no one gets their money and half the country looses its job, that's option ONE.Option TWO, everyone looses a little so that everyone gets to keep 95% of what they saved.These are the options given to them by the Euro Bank. You see the citizens of Germany don't like to bail out tards in Cyprus, when they over spend and can't cover their debts. Just like Americans wouldn't bail out the Cyprus banks either, without everyone taking a hit and not just the US citizens.Governing outlaws!!!!!!!!!! Maybe Europe would like to end like Syria???

I don't live in europe but I'm still going to reduce the amount of money in my bank.  This is ludicrous, it's theft plain and simple.  I'm not really sure where else to put it..stocks?  (maybe ruger) commodities? (metal, oil, rubber) this really sucks because I'd rather gain interest in my savings (ch'yea!) but the precedent is criminal.  How can I trust them not to steal my money?  I didn't gamble on wall street, I work.

In the end, the conservative philosophy never wins. If it did win we would continue to have segregated drinking fountains, children working 12 hour shifts in factories. There would be no social security safty net, no Medicare, no Medicaid, no middle class, no public education, and no Bill of Rights. In the end progressive liberals always wins because progressive liberals are on the side of social justice. Conservatives are on the side of social injustice......

Headline reading low information Faux news people make the stupidest comments. It's not the government getting bailed out it's the money laundering Cyprus banks. The Germans are not going to bail out the Russian mobs deposits.

Why can't liberals work like the rest of us? Why do they want our money? Why do they like welfare so much?

The Greek part of Cyprus should have gone to Turkey. None of this would have happened.

Coming to an Obamanation near you?

looks like it's mostly illegal russian money.. let 'e take it.. in fact we should go take it.

This is stupid but then again, anything that hurts the Russians is good. They are total trash.

Coming soon to the newly socialistic America.This is why our founders made sure we had a second amendment.  It's not so we could create a ducks unlimited program.  It's ultimately simply this, so we could protect ourselves and our assets from the greed of government.

That is what happens when a government listens to what worthless P O S commie/liberal pigs want.

Does anybody ever bother to actually read an article before they comment? Give me your thumbs down if you don't.

As always.... When the banks and government screw up, it is the PEOPLE that have to pay! RISE UP CYPRIOTS!!!!!!!!

Perfect example of why we need the second amendment.

Get used to it- as it is coming to the US. Obummer &amp; his socialist agenda will do the same.

Topple the money lenders tables !!!

One step in the staircase to a one world political and economic system.  Open your eyes people.

Making the depositors themselves pay to bailout the banks? Not a bad idea. Especially considering these depositors in the Cyprian banks are just laundering their ill-gotten gains. Why should the Cyprian citizens and taxpayers cover their losses?

Obama is not having a good day - he never thought of that first! And now the cat is out the bag....Now I understand why some people of earlier generations stored their money in the bank of Sealy.

Who would ever trust Cyprus after this thought.  Even if they don't do this they are doomed!!!!    Money will be gone overnight.When banks open can I short Cyprus stock???  Where do I go!!!!

Same exact thing happening here.  Obama reaching in your wallets is poor for business and growth.   Cyprus will suffer 10 fold for even contemplating this and if it happens they will lose, lose, lose.

I welcome the new government of Cyprius after the populas overthroughs their government. A great place to sell military grade assult weapons to.

Obama all ready has done this through Obamacare with the 3% medicare surchage (over $200k) when you sell private property.  Same thing.

Think it cant happen here in the USA? We never thought we would have a Black Muslim from Kenya in the Whitehouse either. They are coming for our Guns first. Our belongings are next. Hitler wasn't killed in that fire.

They approved it. When was the Government Gun Grab completed in Cyprus?

The first US legislator to propose anything similar will initiate a new American Revolution.

If you practice or allow your gov't to practice dirty banking they you have to deal with the consequences. It'll happen here before too much longer.

OMG-Stealing their money and closing the banks until they are done-I see a revolt in the making here.America....do you really believe we are not that far away?  I mean, it always starts small....you know, like not allowing you to buy a large soda...

This is scary. And our politicians want to be more like Europe?  That is REALLY scary.

Please ask me again why i do not trust banks anymore ... :).

Coming to a USA near you...

Obama has already asked for this, it's called a 10% wealth tax... so much for a penny earned...

Americans had better grab their cash from the banks in the US because euro banks are linked to American just like when Obama gave TARP moneyto foreign banks in the US.Americans are not safe either as the Treasury Dept refuses to speak out against the tax in Cyprus.

I thought bank robbery was illegal.

Raise money by making it good for business you F ing idiots!!!  Just like Obama, no common sense on how business works.   Good businesses will produce the taxes.

When Obama said the money you have  "you didn't do that somebody else did  for  you "( I am paraphrasing it   )  what do you think he meant?

This is the goverement's way to make sure we pay our fair share so they can live in luxary.Try this to thee American people,  and  you'll finally see, " we the people"

Insert trillions instead of billions, add 10 years and there's America. Numbers don't lie.

hitting the russians right off of the syrian coasts.

The UN is gearing up to take control of that country and Clinton signed a bill during his presidency allowing the UN to come into our nation as well in the event we have "terrorist threat"...that would be you and I engaged in riotous activity. They know our soldiers wont attack their own people so the UN was devised. You've all been duped for many presidents now, way before Bush.

If this happens in the US, it will be the end of whatever administration holds power.  This is the seizure of monies, without due process.

I think people have now become awake to the banking cartel and their plans.  They will take every last bit of money from citizens to feed their elitist appetite.   Then, once the economy collapses, they will make more money on the rebuilding of currency.

Quick!  We've got to hide this article from Pat Quinn and the Illinois State Government!

1 million people...china and india have over 1 billion each and we are worrying about these people who have been in the news my entire life for one reason or another....take the entire island and make it a park and kick them all off

Time to remove my money from the bank;

Now, rather than having the bank steal our money out of our accounts, the government can simply "vote" to do so and take the money......This has always been a possibility here as well. Our laws afford us some protection but the reality is that our laws are only as good as our lawmakers. When the corrupt get into power, the power gets corrupted.The way Obama and his cronies are spending money, it is only a matter of time for this to happen in the US.

so now people won't put their money in the bank, good luck Cyprus

You can thank the World Bank, IMF, and central banking system for this worldwide.They really have us all over a barrel.  The currencies are based on nothing but thin air.  They control it worldwide.  You leave it in, they take it like this or through taxation to prop up their faulty financial system.  You take it out and hide it, they debase it or it falls and is worth less than toilet paper.

We ought to do this in the US. Anyone who has ove 130,000 in the bank can afford it and look what we've become with our capitalism... It's much better in Europe. Americans now rank worldwide in quality of life 32nd, in healthcare 39th and in education 22nd. The median price of a home in Detroit is now just $7000. 48 percent of all Americans are either considered to be “low income” or are living in poverty. 57 percent of all children in the United States are living in homes that are either considered to be “low income” or impoverished. The number of Americans aged 18 to 24 who want to move overseas in 2011 is 40 percent.

So in that case, why arrest bank robbers? It's the same thing. These guys are just bank robbers who do not go to the banks to rob them, but instead wait for the customers to bring the money to the banks. The bank robbers rob banks when they need money to pay their bills or pay their debts.

Obama and the boys are planning the same thing in the US.

Mark, you are so right. If it happens in Cyprus, It will happen everywhere. The New World Order decision makers are the same, are they not?!

Guys, ever heard of glass houses and not throwing stones if you live in one? The Cyprus bank robbery is seen as a German exercise to take Russian money! You can expect the Russians to object and to do something about it. Europe &amp; Germany buys Russian gas, the price will go up to recover Russian bank losses. Mark my words!! Unless Scheuble can convince the Russians that less is more. It is called E.U. accounting!!

The Emergency Banking Act of 1933-Title I Section 1. To affirm any orders or regulations the President or Secretary of the Treasury had given since March 4, 1933.Section 2. To give the President the ability to declare a national emergency and have absolute control over the national finances and foreign exchange of the United States in the event of such an emergency.Section 3. To authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to order any individual or organization in the United States to deliver any gold that they possess or have custody of to the Treasury in return for "any other form of coin or currency coined or issued under the laws of the United States".Section 4. To make it illegal for a bank to do business during a national emergency (per section 2) without the approval of the President.Title II.To enable the Comptroller of the Currency (a post in the US Treasury) to take complete control of and operate any bank in the United States or its territories and to establish the terms and conditions under which bank is administered.Title III.To allow banks to not allow debt to extinguish the use of stock.Title IV.Section 401. To allow Federal Reserve banks to convert any US debt obligation (such as a bond) into cash at par value and any check, draft, banker acceptance, etc, into cash at 90% of its apparent value.Section 402. To allow the Federal Reserve banks to make unsecured loans to any member bank at an interest rate of 1% over the prevailing discount rate.Section 403. To allow Federal Reserve banks to make loans to anyone for up to 90 days if the loan is secured by a general obligation of the United States (such as a Treasury bond, for example).Title V Section 501. Appropriation of $2,000,000 to the President for carrying out this legislation.Oops! Looks like the US did this back in 19333! Whoda thunk it?

Is it called legalised theft ???The world keeps getting scarier and scarier.

You can all thank the World Bank, IMF, and the central banking system. Our financial systems are an illusion. Our money is nothing.It doesn't work.On the one hand, they can take your money whenever they want to bail out their failing financial systems. On the other hand, if they don't, your money is worthless anyway.With this worldwide financial system, they have all of us over a barrel.  It's all an illusion.

Obama will bail them out with our money

Just wait to it happens in the US

To stem a financial crisis, they cause a bank run and worldwide fear for all depositers? ...This was well thought out ... not.This kind of thing and start the Big one and bank runs everywhere...

I WONDER HOW MUCH $$$$ Romney is hiding in Cyprus banks!  He has some hidden in Swiss banks AND an off-shore Cayman secret account to shield $$$.

whats wrong with gov't???... have a lottery...that seems to raise $$ and the gov't could use it...also, its optional, not required, of the citizens...

Ha-Ha ...so Draghi and the ECB want to punish Russians for hiding their loot in Cyprus...by-the-way, which Cyprus is doing this...the Greek held half of the island or the Turkish half ???

Could happen here in the US too...stop putting commie-cons in office. They just give tax breaks for corporate welfare and then occupy some rag head countries for over a decade that goes unpaid for....borrow up the ash from the commie chinese breatheren....all for there search of some fabled WMDs. Could we spend that money here on our own infrastructure??? Not if you're a commie-con we can't. You people only want to borrow money to rebuild all your muslim terrorist bf's cities.

And the "Chicken Little" Obama Haters complain about Americas Economy. 'There but for the Grace of God go YOU".I think it's OK to tax saving over let say 100,000 euros but giving small savers a haircut will just undermine trust in the banking system...people will start stashing their money under a matress again.

there are rich people in that country.. odds are if the nation seems to ahve lost it's wealth.. it went into some rich guys pocket.. just whatever the country is.. where ever it is.. balance the budget on the backs of the rich people.. dont worry ..t hey will still be filthy rich.. free to do what they want and live like they want.. the only difference is they might not be able to afford as many politicians in their pockets as before.

There is another article on Yahoo which shows that Obama is Satan.

You cant have a thrifty governement when so many people are looking for a free ride and an Odumbo phone. This will be coming to the USA soon. Expect it with the liberals.

TIME to PRINT more Kounterfeit Kurrency. THAT will FIX EVERYTHING.LMAOIDIOTZZZ

obozo's coming for yours, right after he takes your guns.

Chase Bank is the most corrupt bank in the world, and there is not any legal avenue for file claims against them for their theft and evil behavior. Do not do business with banks use Credit Unions.

Our Son calls home who is in the Army, is a medic and would give his life for any one of you if necessary.  He says "Dad I now have to pay $10 per day for our meals, we also have to pay for room n board, oh and I guess I will need to figure out a different way to go to college they took my $80,000.00 tutition money this week.

1 million people...china and india have over 1 billion each and we are worrying about these people...take the whole island and make it a park and kick these people off...they have been in the news my entire life...enough

They must have been watching  the u.s. conress.They votes or those lib knuckleheads now it's time to pay the piper.Don't think the same won't happen here,watch your IRA!Funny.  The people of Cyprus had no problem TAKING from the Government nanny state they created: lengthy paid vacations, early retirement, welfare, "free" healthcare, etc.  Now that the bill is due for all these "freebies" and the Government needs their money, they say "no"!  What greedy hypocrites, no different than liberals in the USA.  Take and don't give.  Tell others how to live, but don't live that way yourself.  How on earth anyone votes Democrat is beyond me.

this happens more often then folks realize. Cyprus is being upfront about it. Usually countires in crisis have a " bank holiday", close for several days or more then open after the currency has plunged in value. The gvmt didnt "take" anything but inreality they just pummeled depositers through inflation. But thenagain Cypress made its bed and has a made some bad choices, they are just paying in a different way.  As far foreign maney? F-them, they were just hiding from theri own gvmts.

In the Great Depression of 2007 when GWBush was president they didn't have to steal money from savings accounts they just told everyone we're bailing out his Bankster croniess  for reckless   investments and we no longer can afford SS and Medicare. Besides we have Wars to fight

Outrageous. Another genius move as disaster capitalists destroy themselves as well as us. What will happen, possibly today, is people in Spain and Greece will rush to remove their savings from the banks, seeing this as a potential trend. Robbing us to help the rich stay rich despite a failed economy. People should just remove their money and bring them down. Start our own banks.

The formula is very simple. Live on 80% of what you make. I don't understand why it's that difficult.

id like to see that done on all the hidden u.s. money in the cayman islands

Can't we just print some money and bail them out? 7.5 billion is nothing. We print 85 billion a month.  Ben Bernanke is a tight #$%$!

sheesh, they in Mad Max time over there...

again politicians and banks all thieves. no matter what country.  look what they did with our soc sec they borrowed and never put it back and still trying to take the little that is left. . if this gets any worse then my money is going to be under a mattress. i dont want to go get money to pay a bill or eat and find the government took it. so starve

I know this seems really bad and it is horribly unethical BUT in a way it makes sense if the money taken is for the government of the people who's money is being taken. If the economy collapses then the money in the bank will become worthless and on top of that it will be gone if the banks are forced to shut down as they did during the depression. It is sacrificing a little to save the rest. It's an act of Tyranny I agree but in a way it is necessary, assuming there are no other solutions.i am for that, totally. but first, you must do the same in switzerland, the cayman islands and bermuda for americans. one more hitch. nothing comes out of cypriots accounts unless it can proven to be illegal money. foreigners only, please.

Currency is the addiction of a small group of people need for greed and power and the downfall of man.. vote for '' free society''

Wake up america  Obummer wants to do the same thing here !!

wonder what our great grandchildren will say about the turn of the millennium?

Actually, some Dems have been talking about a one time tax on our 401Ks

EU shouldn't bail them out, it's like bailing out the Cayman Islands, let the offshoring #$%$ lose all their money.

please don't ask us for help!

China wants our mineral rights you can bet. With the people we have in government refusing to stop borrowing from them. Then--just a little problem with our stock market with a cyber attack. What a shame--We crashed! Now how to pay off our debt??? I guess Chian could take over our military hardware, or intellectual property, or maybe they just want the mineral rights. Will you all sell it off to keep your retirement and bank accounts!? They think you will give up your freedom for money and food and a job.

The banksters already want your 401k. Once the US is fully assimilated into world government (have to get rid of that pesky US constitution) it will be open season on the sheeple and what's left of their wealth.  And then overt depopulation will begin in earnest, not the Bill Gates style soft kill that we have grown accustomed to.

Fellow Americans, at this time I find it relevant to note that Cyprus gun laws are very restrictive (no auto, no semi-auto, no handgun). How can they do this you say? That's one way how. Cypriots, good luck with writing NO on your palms.The EU is falling apart....has been.  That's why I never switched to the metric system!

Don't give up your mineral rights Cyprus! Freedom! Don't let Putin rip you off!!!

So let's see.I'm taxed at a 28% marginal rate federally6.2% Social Security1.45% for Medicare5.3% by the StateI also have a 6.25% State tax rate, property taxes averaging around 1.5%, and excise taxes.And my dividend income takes a 15% hit thanks to capital gains, after said companies paying these out get hit w/ a 35% tax rate.Despite all this, I manage to save a good amount.Apparently to governments, this is just "excess capital", and taxable as well.The behemoth is out of control. If this stuff can happen to Cyprus, it can happen in Spain, Italy, and eventually the USA.

Time to go to the mattresses as the Corleones would say!

God bless our right to bear arms. This wouldn't float in the US.

Gee, I did not know that the Democratic(aka Socialist Communist) party ran Cyprus too.  Well Obama and Biden are happy.

"Don't you do it!  Don't you stick that knife in your leg Ricky Bobby."

I see a lot of bank robberies happening in Cyprus in the near future as well as many banker deaths.

And while in the US...$2.7M Federal Study: Why Do Lesbians Have Higher 'Risk for Hazardous Drinking'?The National Institutes of Health (NIH) has awarded $2.7 million to study why lesbians are at a higher “risk for hazardous drinking.”The University of Illinois has received grants since 2009 for its project, "Cumulative Stress and Hazardous Drinking in a Community of Adult Lesbians," which aims to develop “culturally sensitive” strategies to prevent lesbians from being drunks.

Beware Ruskie were you keep your dirty monies.3 Words....HANG THE BANKERS!!

Oh here come the republicans to say "look what Obama is going to do".  Jesus is there a ever going to be a day when republicans do not make me chuckle?

Gotta love the Right wing version of "Free Economy".  Free to steal it all that is......

This is why we need to lower the deficit folks. Cypris is a Socialist section of the EU. World Banks are attacking the people and their greedy socialist Govt. This is what happens to socialist societies. They spend you into oblivion with socialist ideals and theology, then collapse the economy.Make no mistake, this is Obama's plan exposed right before your very eyes. If it can happen there, it can easily happen here and already would have if we didnt simply print more money buying time. This country is screwed if we keep the same president and current Govt.

Anyone else in the world still think we should be a part of the Euro system? Anyone have any ideas on how this can be prevented?

Welcome to the Socialist/Progressive solution to their out of control spending and high taxation. Coming soon to America!!!!!!!!!!When high taxes, huge healthcare premium increases and continued massive deficits find their way to your home, be sure and thank a liberal...........

Amazing how government knows what is best to do with your money but can not manage their own affairs.

Who is John Galt?

Probably not a big deal, except for the European Union and the U.S. and European derivatives markets, but it's good that Cypriots (Cyprus)  wants to bail itself out, because when times were good they failed to recognize a housing bubble, or whatever.  It's happened several times in the past here.  Those responsible may have consequences to deal with, but the people who aren't gaming the system shouldn't be taxed or fined or fee'd, they should get a reward, an interest -- like a loan, a bond.  I think I heard that was being considered.  Consider harder.

Take Your MONEY OUT NOW .. while u have the chance .. DONT PUT IT IN EU BANKS EITHER ... The THEIVES ...If a bank employee seizes 10% of your bank deposit, it is stealing.  Can the government  imposed laws to seize 10% of your hard earned deposit  without commiting the same crime ?  Before hand they should have made   public consultations with their depositors

That is just in your face stealing,

All illegal activity for Robama and WMD information traffickers that are in the DOD and CIA.

Thou shall not covet.

So there you go Inspector General (DNI)

by the way, I told the DNI I would turn in that an illegal psych ops group within the intell community told me that they would bankrupt me(it is happening) and keep me from being able to get food(I don't qualify for food stamps since I moved out of state) to force me to become a prostitute to be able to get food. I am younger than I look in the picture.They are trying to psychologically break me, and get me to break Gods or US law.

BETA TEST....Coming to the rest of Europe when the Euro collapses then to the states....These BANKS will not stop....Guess who just got elected in Cyprus 1 month ago and now is selling this plan to the country on radio and T.V....A PUPPET.....Nicos Anastasiades....Stupid sheeple of America think no way here I have a new car and a new house and just use facebook and watch the real world on mtv

easy way out: sell the banks to the russians. they are worthless  anyway. they offered to buy them so let them have them and forget the haircut. but noway this is happening since a solution is not what they are looking for. this is a prerequisite before they apply the tax to the rest of the eu members. and eventually.... yeah!

This is the plan that the White House Turd has for America.

We'd better stop this before it spreads. A lot of foreigners keep, or at least kept, their money their because their banks WERE fairly secure. Now, if this thing spreads, the International Bankers will have won, without a shot having been fired. Roosevelt did the same, nationalizing all gold holdings, and forcing sale of such to the government at less than market value, because the U.S. was bankrupt (Robert Perry v. U.S, 1935). Necessity knows no other law; it is a law unto itself. If people let the government pretend fiscal recklessness is equivalent to invasion, insurrection, or natural disaster, and if they continue allowing financiers and corporations to bribe their way into the government, we shall lose the liberties our forefathers bled and died to preserve for us. Freedom isn't free! Where will you draw the line? Your bank account? Your car? Your house, farm, ranch? Your children? Your guns? George Washington said, the citizens should be armed at least as well as their government, in order to prevent tyranny. Thomas Jefferson echoed that sentiment: "The tree of Liberty must be watered, from time to time, with the blood of patriots and tyrants." The Second Amendment isn't about sport, nor even crime prevention, although these are such natural rights the Founding Fathers full well understood how Life, Liberty, and Pursuit of Happiness (ownership of property) were dependent upon one's ability to assert such rights.Let me quote Cicero:“A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he wears their face and their arguments, he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear. The traitor is the plague.Pass It On - End The Fed!!! RON PAUL has been talking about this for 30 years. Look Who LOL. NowGold is money, everything else is credit"- J.P. Morgan 1912 to Congress. Many don't realize it but GOLD is the Primary Money.American People...Slave. Wake up American. Protect are Liberty and FreedomLiberty and Freedom don’t have party lines….Ask your  self what do you want  Liberty vs Oppression.wwwDOTyoutubeDOTcom/watch?v=FRuzVKSX-1Q&amp;list=PLCB1721F39A41A3AAWe are having a End The Fed Event on May 18, 2013 10 am at Market and Embarcadero SF, CA. Everyone is welcome. The Fed is the !@#$ing Monster that is destroying the World Economy. This is the last year for the 100 year charter with the Fed.... Expire Dec 23, 2013

There has been no mention of why there is a crisis.  Have those Cypriot banks been making bad loans and investments with all those Russian deposits?  I am amazed that none of our North American tax havens in the Caribean have imploded.

Well a bunch of that money in Cyprus banks happens to come from Russia.  CNBC was indicating that it was money from the Russian Mafia actually.  I will be watching to see if the Russians get #$%$ off about someone taking a cut of their money....If it gets ugly, I hope the Russian mafia puts money in US Banks.

Did the Lawmakers remove there money from the banks before they proposed this TAX? Wouldn't the people love to know this.  TD

40% of the deposits from foreigners seems very low.  When you figure in the Russians and other foreigners with "dual citizenship" it would be more like 80%.  Raising the exempt amount to 100,000 Euros will excuse most locals from the "tax".  Cypres has been a tax haven for years and it is about time some of those fat cats found out "there is no free lunch".

Banks to big to fail is the problem.  You  can claim socialism is the reason, but the real reason is capitalism.  The ones with all the money, want all the money, and will not stop until they have it.  Who get's rich off of these, not the poor people and the people who need help, but the rich.  You are a sucker if you think otherwise.

Keep up with the deregulating of Wall St. and this will be us. The common man bailing out the financial sector again and again, and we reward them with even more deregulation and tax breaks.

Well. This makes us look like a genius, doesn't it?

The media panning this off like it is the right thing to do- Bankers make risky bets and gamble away a countries wealth- Doesn't go well?... that's ok, just make the people pay for it involuntarily... in fact, we'll lock them out of their accounts and seize up any electronic transfers... we'll all it a tax- give the money we take directly to the bankers that drove train off the tracks. No one will be upset, because we'll call it a tax; not a bank robbery. What a crock.

Dear God: Rescue the poor from those who rob them.just like enron, where the crooks at the top starting cashing out their stock, but blocked the workers from doing so. thus wiping out all the 401k's. but people like skilling, lay and fastow took over 115 million dollars out. the same thing is happening again all over..

todays example of the rich taking us to the cleaners, and not having to pay for what they do. i'll bet not one politican of bank offical is afraid of any ramifications to this. just like here. the banks dictate policy, pay for it, and know that money protects them 100 percent.

Are business and corporate accounts affected or just individual? Another example of the poor sucker tax payer bailing out the greaady corrupt Big money guys that run the show?

7.5 Billion? No big deal. Have them call Obama.....He'll borrow it from China and give it to them. Although, just to make sure, they need to insult or threaten the US first. Maybe talk about building a nuke.

Its called Liberal Socalism they voted for that there and won it not long ago and they where so proud of this Grand achievment remember. The French celebrated there own capture here of the people rights tottally .So what belongs to the Govs is the Govs now and whats yours belongs to the Govnow .now liberal brillant here.Obama sees it that way to lately here and we or the people have no say so any more either .now all the money now in France and all of the bank accounts is all part of the lovley Gov Socalist System now in brillant French wisdom here. The true affects are showing up here loud and clear but there proud arrogance against themselves did this self defeat .So the Gov could Care less as we see here but this is what they wanted and got it.so why not celebrate insted .they paint there hands in protest .how ironic there rights are gone now as they wanted .there bank accounts are controlled now by Gov. They signed there rights over to them in the glory of Gov Socalism liberal popularity and now there not happy here and there scratching there heads in confusion and in amazment the Gov did this to them oh shock.They have noone to blame but the radicals that set this up but how ironic the riadical all work in Gov.SUPRIZE !

Lesson for Cons! Think your money is safe in offshore "havens"? Think again. Nothin like good old USA.

everyone is DOOMED if employers continue to pay people less and less money (overall), compared to inflation and costs of living.  it's that simple.  and it's going to come rather quickly and has reached the door already.

This is crazy.  A plan to seize up to 10 percent of people's savings has been met with fury and it has raised concern, if not panic, in the rest of Europe about the security of bank deposits in times of financial turmoil.  &lt;from within the article)Sadly this is what happens when the rich are allowed to hold a monopoly within government in the end the majority of those who will feel the most pain are regular working people and the poor! All over Europe the ones who caused the recession have been allowed to double down on the back of the many with austerity measures, insane tax increases and cost going up on everything from college to renting apartments to owning a house to gas prices etc. etc. In comparison the issues in Europe will make our problems with the debt here at home seem small. In Europe they used the GOP logic in dealing with the recession and the debt. Thanks to the president protecting us from such measures our economy is on the rise an all indicators show it’s on the verge of a full blown recovery it’s even more shocking when you take into account how little this congress helped. We all know us being held hostage due to the GOP wanting to put the majority of the debt burden on the many and this is why the president won’t sign an unfair budget!! It's all about the long-term budget people since day1! I feel bad for these people because they got screwed. We are a younger nation and I’m glad we learning to force change with new logic not the same old unfair logic but as anyone can see it’s an ongoing battle.

This is just one more way sleazy politicians rob and steal money from the citizens. Time to have a world-wide revolt. Enough is enough. These lying POS created this m#$%$ive crisis and they need to clean it up, not the people. I wonder if they are taking money from their own bank accounts. I don't think so. #$%$ #$%$-holes.

#$%$, I almost opened a bank account there last year.  I dodged a bullet.I hope this is fair warning for everyone to start keeping your money in a place where YOU can access it. Just saying. If this can happen in Cyprus, an island in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea, it can happen anywhere.

Cyprus is dead after this decision to steal 10% from people's deposit account.Just imagine that Cyprus was banking paradise in 90-ies for all Russians!!! Now this isthe banking hell and S&amp;P rating CCC+, which is the worst in the world.

Testing, Testing.....1, 2, 3..........

Well, gee,, Cyprus...welcome to our world. Been there and done that. Bailed out the banks who turned around and rewarded their errant CEO's with obscene levels of compensation, who blatantly thumbed their noses at the taxpayers for our trouble. And that was after Wall Street admited being "asleep at the wheel", and "didn't see it coming. Lots of Americans lost tremendous value as their investments tanked, and millions of savers saw their 401(k)'s raided by the finance pirates, and their children and grandchildren will be paying for it for decades.

word of advice to anyone who lives in the eurozone: withdraw all of your savings and buy precious metals like platinum, gold or iridium and stash it in a safe place. Bailouts are a pipe dream; you can't borrow or tax your way out of a crisis; you need economic growth. And unfortunately until those countries realize this, the worst is yet to come.

why dont they just pay them back in prostitutes

Amazing how the government can make exceptions to any rule. If it was an individual doing this they would be locked up and sent to prison.

i like how when big wigs take money from the little man it's ok, but when the little man steals from any corporation its a terrible crime and the book is thrown at them.

Ok, well now it makes sense why our government allows the banks to charge so many fees. This alleviates the Feds from charging taxes on our deposits and they let the banks look bad for them. The Government in turn taxes the fees from the banks. Apparently it’s not uncommon for the government to impose taxes on depositor’s funds in Europe.

the u.s. is doing the very same thing except its been the SOCIAL SECURITY fund that is supposed to be invested FOR THE PEOPLE'S RETIREMENT !!!!!that's #$%$ stealing.  period.

george bush sr had a similar idea about private pensions....and don't forget regan started taxing social security checks and private pension checks in 1980....

Banks are also desperate in their greed and they are the ones who have created the world's financial disaster - with gov't approval.  This ship will sink around the world, Greece is just giving a glimpse of the disaster.....

I think that having the money under your bed is still better than at any bank these days...it's equally as insecure there except you have access to it 24/7

Yeap people, back to the pound, print money and give them the finger

This is stealing plain and simple. You cant slice it any other way. These banks are evil/so is the government. They can sit here and make billions on your back, expect to be bailed out and get their big bonuses and have the nerve to raise rates, not give you a mortgage even if you "qualify" What a joke lol. Legalized thievery

Das ist wunderbar, sehr gut.

And the domino's start to fall. next will be the cash rush.

Stealing.

Just plain scary.  Think about it.  They are actually punishing people that have savings in the bank.  And what do they do with people that have no motivation to work or save money?  Give them money!Of course the article points-out that most of the money in the Crypress banks are from Russia.  But that should not matter.  When the Russians make deposits in those banks, it creates capital that can be loaned to others that need financing.  Banks savings are a means of helping the economy.  And now this?I'm not sure why this article continuously refers to 'Cyprus' as being the one in charge of these decisions (the bad guy), when in fact levying this tax was not the government's choice, but it was the "choice" (the other being to let the banks close down!) GIVEN to the Cyprus government and its citizens via the ECB and EU...?? Cyprus' citizens and its government are victims, here!

Obammma is sitting around trying to think how he can do this to the US ! It would be easier than printing more dollars.

Money is a "fiat" to enslave you!  Keep chasing your money, while I take your land, your fruits of your labor and your freedom.  Keep chasing the money.

The "return of your money" is more important than the return on it!

"I see no immediate danger of  17 trillion in debt".Coming to a town near you

This will backfire on Cyprus causing them to lose most of their foreign bank deposits and lose of trust. This will put more strain on their economy and ultimately cause them to lose more money than they gain from the theft. This should put everyone on notice that their are no guarantees that their money is safe in any country not on sound financially including the US.The US government confiscated gold back in 1933. Today thanks to fiat money the FED can just print more dollars with the same effect without causing a run on banks. Inflation was almost 10% in 2012 here in the US. Yet there was no run on the banks.All it will take is one trigger event like this to bring the whole house of cards down and everything based on Euros and US Dollars will collapse plunging the world into a depression which has never happened. It's going to get messy so prepare yourself and your loved ones for the coming collapse.

What's the purpose of the vote?  I thought they had already decided to do it without the need for any legal standing.Who cares if the latest plan calls that those with under 100k euros pay nothing?  It's the point that they were going to do it.  They are thieves, crooks and liars.  The difference between the US and Cyprus is that at least we can beg our central bank to buy more of our debt.  The Cyprians are just flat-out fooked on the euro.  They're as bad as Greeks for trying to spend within their means.That being said, every European needs to understand that their bank account holdings do not belong belong to them, they belong to the ECB.  I'm sure the same holds true for stocks, bonds, etc...

Now Cyprus has done it. They had to go and give President Obama a fresh new idea of how to raise revenue. We're ind deep #$%$ now folks!

People in Cyprus, are very RICH.  $ Million is chump change for them.  They LOVE their country, they would even, give the country 100% of their savings. 6% to 9% tax is nothing.

It's not bad enough the EU forced the bailout on Cyprus, AND take money out of bank accounts without warning.  Every MSM article makes it sound like "no big deal'  People better wake and realize this is OUTRIGHT theft and no one's bank account is safeI have said this before and will repeat it again: When Schauble, Merkel and the other German "brains" get what they want, Europe as we know it today will be gone... These technocrats will leave a mark in history as the "too little, too late" captains of the European Titanic...It is not Cyprus' choice to steal from the depositors, this was imposed by Brussels under pressure from Germany and its puppets in the north!

One way is good another is bad it keeps people from being to greedy

never trust a banker, politician,corporation,,,,just check history

Leftwing &amp; Bankrupt Europe just gave American democrat leftists another Idea How to Steal The Taxpayer blind..

Any country you go globally, the government is flopping and they prey on hapless citizens savings. There really is something seriously wrong. Governments should already be replaced by electronics &amp; robots to totally eliminate corruption and stealing. We all need Robocop now!

Bet the Russian Mobsters, South American drug lords, Wall Street Hedge Fund Managers didn't see this coming...LOL

It already happened here once and the Great depression was the result. Having it happen again would be Obamas ultimate power play and f-u to the America He despises so much.

Suggestions for Cyprus Bank FeesImpose a variable %-rate fee as follows:Zero fee for accounts up to $-X (X = avarage local yearly income).Use a logarithnic x-axis for account balance.Apply a variable fee that reaches a maximum of 10% for accounts at or above $-100X.This will result is a fee of 5% for accounts at $-10X.The maximum % can be adjusted up or down to collect the desired amount.

Seems to be many here who think this article is about Obama seizing US bank accounts. If you are really stupid and didn't read what it said before you made your comment then signify with a down vote.

I don't like it either, however on the other hand, what choice does Greece have ?? ... if they don't do this the whole thing collapses and they will loose everything!,consider it a country-bution, . . . . .IT MUST BE DONE ! (they should stop crying)They should do this in the U.S. to pay for the wars, the unfunded prescription drug plan and the test costs for no child left behind.

Watch closely, It' coming here too, always beating the workers!  Get to the real problem--Refer to the revenue act, "50

It will happen here before you know it.There are articles already out about how Obama and his goons want to "take" our 401k money right from us and create a nation retirement fund and allot  it out to us to help HIS debt.Believe me if he does this the public will hear about it after the fact

BETA TEST....Coming to the rest of Europe when the Euro collapses then to the states....These BANKS will not stop....Guess who just got elected in Cyprus 1 month ago and now is selling this plan to the country on radio and T.V....A PUPPET.....Nicos Anastasiades....Stupid sheeple of America think no way here I have a new car and a new house and just use facebook and watch the real world on mtv

I hope Obama does not get wind of this.  Let's drone strike the rich, and seize their bank accounts.

If this legalized theft continues we'll have another world war soon. Started again by Germany.

Oh boy, I'm sure the Republicans are taking notes on this one!

"another island with an outsized financial sector, although worse weather"How is that comment germane to anything else in the article?  And it's an uninformed statement to boot.

Actually, I only clicked on this article because I was wondering where all the conspiracy theory loonies were hiding. FOUND YOU!

Well lets see how well the EU works. Precourser to the Socialism of the US brought to you by the Obama show.This is too confusing and bothering. Lindsay Lohan just got sent to rehab, again, instead of jail. Want to talk about that instead? Pretty please.

To all USA President Obama, Republicans, Democrats and those US citizens who care :The Cyprus banking crisis and tax levy can be an alarm to our Social Security and Medicare issues. Basically, our social entitlements are bankrupt already. If we don't tax the rich incrementally, we won't be able to meet the benefits. Instead, why can't we treat the social enttlement program like the way Cyprus is taxing. We tax or decrease social secuirty benefits for those who are rich based on their assets and income. The rich can take a fair share of redistributing their social security benefits to the poor and middle classes. We know it may not be fair to the rich. But as a whole, that is one of the way to tackle the issues besides cutting benefits amount and extening retirement age.

Oops!  There goes the RNC's money, they have an account in the National Bank of Cyprus

I told you in the Anti fracking movement:Did you see how Russia is "offering" to pay the debt in exchange for their mineral rights? How KIND of them. They and China are out to control all the gas and any energy world wide. They are working together to bankrupt countries and helping them by forcing them to sell off mineral rights--money goes right to Putin.We are next. Then they will take every dime of energy out of our country and pollute the heck out of it too and pay all the Union or other workers nothing but c-ap. Or even import Chinese or Russian workers. Can't you see the propaganda they are using on you to rip off the world? Can't you see the murder going on to help them in Africa?If we do not develop our US energy they will--without our control. We could be bankrupt! How to protect our environment then--they can buy off any political person when they get the gas and oil!

if we all panic and take savings out of the bank we aere back to the great depression

When one Person or group of individuals take an item or product without consent from its owner that is called theft. Now, if i remember right, is theft not a violation of law in every culture on earth? Isnt it usualy punishable by jail time? And in some countries the loss of a hand? Or worse? They are stealing from these people. And no REASON makes it right. "They want to take these peoples money OUT of the bank, pool it, and give it back TO the bank. Only the people will no longer have use of it, the banks will. THEFT!!!!!

Step one:  take your guns. Step two: take your money. Step three: welcome you to your new socialist run country!

Conspicuously missing is the question: Can this happen in the United States?  Well the White House was asked about the raid on Cypriots bank accounts, and they declined to comment... You bet your #$%$ it can happen here, our guys are taking notes to find out just how much they can confiscate.  Look it up, some Democrats are trying to tax 401K's.

The possessive of Cyprus is Cyprus's, not Cyprus'. YAHOO FAIL!

Watch out, that'll happen here next. Obama would confiscate your money and hand it over to the 'poor'...if he could get away with it.moneychangers, Banks are the devils hands

Another nail into the coffin of the euro.Let's see, if we need another Hjalmar Schacht to save the banks. If the population this time agrees to pacefully being bled dry by the banks, then we (or better saying: the banks) don't need another Adolf Hitler to keep control.

We ought to do this in the US. Anyone who has ove 130,000 in the bank can afford it and look what we've become with our capitalism... It's much better in Europe. Americans now rank worldwide in quality of life 32nd, in healthcare 39th and in education 22nd. The median price of a home in Detroit is now just $7000. 48 percent of all Americans are either considered to be “low income” or are living in poverty. 57 percent of all children in the United States are living in homes that are either considered to be “low income” or impoverished.  The number of Americans aged 18 to 24 who want to move overseas in 2011 is 40 percent.

time for revolution -to take back the country from the rich !!