I'm sick of people bashing Chrysler and GM for the bailout, and then go buy a car from a co. that is run and Financed by the #$%$. Gov,Wake up retards.You don't think they do the same thing ? or would ?

The U.S.'s thirty three dollar per share  GM stock from the bailout does not appeasr to be doing so well.  The bail out is even more odd in light of the fact that GM recently obtained a 300 million dollar line of credit.  Could it be that the bailout was not really necessary but was done to entice the auto workers to vote a certain way in the recent election?

Nothing is totally made in the U.S,A. anymore get a life.

When you buy a automobile now days you are buying from a global market get the best deal and the best warranty you can for the money no matter the brand.

i see for at 14 dollars

GM 19.93.  All they need to do is get to $34 a share and they can pay us taxpayers back for the free loan Obama gave them.  Meanwhile, they don't even have to pay federal income tax.

When time for annual bonuses  -will ALL of Ford management be again rewarded very handsomely for this very poor financial performance?  very curious about the timing of this annoucement - this should have been annouced much sooner!! ... or will they be punished in order to join the share holders in their suffering a very slow "water torture" like drip to share price loss?

I hope GM doesn't need a bail out before they pay back the last bail out.

Most of you buying foreign are way out of touch, wannabe pseudo important types that think anything foreign is better...If you look at all the rating agencies like JD Powers and others ,...American manufacturing is just as good if not bettr thatn many foreign competitors ...including Mercedes,BMW, Porsche and others who do not make the top 5 in repair records!!! If you take your head out of your butt, and use a car for what it is designed for..transportation...not to feed your ego...then you will know that Buick has a top rating, Ford also...along with some form GM etc..the days of the european/japanes cars being better is over....get a grip and start buying products that are well made here in the USA...

Yahoo , if this is a current artical , then why are you showing comments from a month ago ? DUH .That is the way it reads at the top of the comment from Denise, 1month 6 days ago .Ford plays by the rules, doesn't take a bailout and this is the thanks they get from Wall Street..

Its Wall Street...they hate UNIONS.....

Wall Street Hates Ford...

I only buy Toyota because I love Japanese people.

Buying American made products creates jobs and consumers to purchase these products. Know matter who the President is. Unions help to maintain a pay balance for it's people. Thank God for Unions or we would be back in the King Arthur days. Rich/Poor

American Auto companies FELL and the Japanese ROSE.....so what else is new??

Auto stocks continue to suck!!

If Obama hadn't stepped in, GM and Chrysler would have declared bankruptcy, restructured their debt according to existing bankruptcy law, probably made some mgmt changes, sought financing from the private sector, and emerged stronger companies.  The only difference Obama made was to throw the law out the window, stiff the secured bondholders, reward his UAW pals, and put the taxpayer on the hook for $ 80 billion.  And he claims that's an accomplishment?

Obma could care less about the auto worker or industry...it is all part of his plan to destroy the USA from within by making us an entitlement govt dependent nation....period...

GM might build a car americans can depend on if we didn't worry so much about the unions. Other auto companies can build a auto as good if not better by non-union workers. At lease Obama is happy with them.Tell us something we don't already know or can't find by ourselves.

Uh, that would be 'auto companies'.  I think we are very quickly becoming Illiterate Nation, or are already there.  No one edits anything any more.

Vippennystocksite dotcom (Dot means .), is a site that has left me amazed by the analysis provided on GM stock

Look at this chartCopy and Paste this to your browser -  y.ahoo.it/QlR4y

Unions are a waste of time and money.