Here we go, now everyone has to monitor their comments to be sure they're politically correct. The general public will be forced to make up new monikers and code words for insults and barbs. Pretty soon if we write #$%$)@( we'll be arrested for thinking out loud.

This will come to America soon. It always does. Take note Piers Morgan, this is why we have a Constitution in this country. Even you are allowed to trash it, but it protects your sorry #$%$ too.

When the right to free speech is lost, all other rights shall soon follow.

The same Feds who need to confiscate your weapons and your bank accounts.Had enough of the NWO yet?  ...................................  Hang the Banksters!

To sum up - Being against gay marriage = Hate crime

This is the wrong answer to the phone-hacking scandals.  It will do far more harm than good.  My sympathy goes out to those in the UK who will suffer under this policy.

And so it continues......speech that is deemed 'offensive' will be limited if not outlawed entirely.  Criticism of the government or its policies will be viewed as 'non-patriotic', maybe even classified as 'aiding and abetting' some unknown enemy.And the masses will nod their heads in approval, as they sit back and are entertained by the 'bread and circuses' provided non-stop to them from around the globe."Fear not the action of the few but the inaction of the many"

I am surprised England is going this rout, but with all the e-mail, twitter, and cell phone hacking that has accrued there by people employed either directly or indirectly by the press, it doesn't surprise me that the politicians would try something this draconian.At least they admit their objective, unlike the left wing nut fools in the Senate and our White House. For the last 4 years they have been on a campaign to stop or discredit any media that criticizes odumbo or doesn't agree with the progressives/socialists morons!

Thank gawd we kicked their hineys out of America in the 1700's.  Now, if we can only survive Obama and the Liberals intrusions on our freedoms.

Unbelievable - coming to a country near YOU!  I KNEW when this country started that "politically correct" #$%$ quite a few years back, it would amount to more trouble than not - and we are now reaping what "they" (progressives) sowed.  Just - wow.....At least the British are being up front about controlling the Press unlike obama that controls the State run media in the US under the guise of being "free"

take notice AMERICA, once they get your guns, this will be coming to a news paper, TV news near you......

Well there goes there little bit of free press

Now if we can just get a muzzle on Piers Morgan.

Welcome to the future, where your every utterance, your every movement, your every choice in life is regulated by those in the power-elite, political class. They see all, know all, and control all.

This could all fall over because it's voluntary.The papers have acted like criminals and hounded people, that is wrong and they need to be held to account.However if the right balance isn't achieved it will go the otherway and the press will be gaged.The government think that they have come up with a compromise, however these are just the 1st volleys if the press don't sign up to it, ain't going anywhere.The press have already started their counter campaign, this has got legs!

I definately believe in free speech, but if some journalist is taking pot shots at someone with unsubstatiated claims, then I think they should be held accountable.