That  who are  our killers/poisoners.

wait till they get there hands on the middle east ,plenty of medication will be needed

wait till they juice up energy drinks with prozack. and momma little  blue pill in the kool aid pouch's .

A very experience doctor (family practice) told me that most successful pain treatment can and should be done with common aspirin for those 95%+ who have no trouble handling aspirin. He and his staff do!  Take with a little food.  I use milk or a small snicker.

Rot in hell big pharma!

what is wrong with this picture . when pharma becomes a means for profit . do you think there looking out for health of people or profits. they want us sick. they want us buying there drugs . and like any other corporation . they will continue to festor like a infection . we need to stop these companys from this madness

where do drugs come from?  who formulates them? who pays for the testing and formulation? do they fall from the sky? does anyone anywhere get better health from ANY drugs?

Omg the pharm companies lost some money....lets pass around the cup

"Healthcare" is a marketing term. The Medical Sector of our economy is rife with scientific fraud. What's it going to take to get legitimate government in this country?

Amarantus Bioscience - AMBS.  Company's patented MANF offers tremendous potential.  The co-founder of Amgen recently joined the company as an advisor. He believes that the MANF technology has "blockbuster" potential and could generate billions of dollars in future revenues.  Due diligence.One would think that the amount of call open interest will force them to sell which should bring the price down hard. I've seen this before where the open interest is so much greater on the call side but the volume on expiration day still doesn't show any selling. Can anyone school me on this or direct me to a site that's helpful as most have not been. You'd think since most contacts expire worthless they'd be out to burn whichever side (calls or puts) has the highest amount... With the follwing info that i typed it has room to go down quite a bit... Even with them keeping the amount of the settlement for 1 case of many secret, it still won't go down.

Why not list Glaxosmithkline (GSK) ? It is a world class pharma very similar to JNJ.

Repeal Obamacare and watch them rally &amp; double.   Cash out until after Nov