A very long and hard road ahead of this Pope.  Hope his health holds up and he is able to reform and reenergize the church.

@ Diane:  And who appointed you to judge the pope?

He chose a perfect name for a Pope,I hope he does as he says about keeping things about the poor,that is what Christ would want.

i'm not even christian, but i like this guy. he has humility.

As I've said before, I like a Pope who rides the bus, lived in a simple apartment and cooked his own food.  Most heads of state wouldn't think of doing that.  And he is a Head of State since The Vatican is a country.

Simple white cassock.  Plain black shoes.  What a humble man.  This Pope is going to do wonderful things for the church.  And it's so badly needed.  God Bless him.

I like him humble ways, his demeanor, and wish him well.  We need more men like him, who walk among the common people.  God speed Pope Francis.

There is no other man who has pervaded my thoughts upon since he was first elected.  I pray for him every hour, and will take on His Mission. "Remember the poor" is a good start and noble undertaking. Count me in on the Cause.

i  am  a  burned ot  catholic,     but  i   sure   like  this  man   he  is  as  common  as  they  come he  will   do   wonders  for  the  church      there  is  real   hope  with  this   pope

Pope Francis urged journalists to view the church not as a political entity but as a "dramatically spiritual" human institution and learn its true nature "with its virtues and its sins." -- Very well said, indeed. I like him already!

As someone who has had a Jesuit education, all I can tell you is watch and learn from this man.My hope for this man grows everytime I see and hear from him. I believe God has chosen the right man for this time in church history.

as a kid, on St. Francis day, there was a special mass and kids brought their pets for the blessing afterwards. lots of woofing, meowing and tweeting going on during mass, but it reminded you about priorities. love that the assistance dog got a one on one blessing! re; finances and structure, changes will happen quietly and love the way Pope Francis isn't jumping the gun, wants full disclosure. there will be unhappy people within the church soon!

I am not Catholic but I am liking this new Pope.  Other leaders ought to be more concerned with the poor as well.  I wish him much success in his mission.

Remember that St. Francis of Assisi is the patron saint of the animals and the poor. who gave sermons to the poors, farmers, lepers and  birds at San Damiano and everyone listen.

I hope he is good for the church.

Lord, make me an instrument of your peace, Where there is hatred, let me sow love; Where there is injury, pardon; Where there is doubt, faith; Where there is despair, hope; Where there is darkness, light; Where there is sadness, joy. O Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled, as to console; to be understood, as to understand; to be loved, as to love. For it is in giving that we receive. It is in pardoning that we are pardoned, and it is in dying that we are born to Eternal Life.

he seems uncomfortable in ornate settings.  that's a good thing.

I am not Catholic, but I pray for this Pope, and his church. I am Christian, and I strongly support the mssion "a poor church, and a church for the poor." An open mind and heart will go far in makng this mission a success. I can only keep praying...

In a recognition that not all journalists in the room were Christian or even believers, he offered a blessing without the traditional Catholic formula or gesture, saying he would bless each one in silence "respecting your conscience, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you. &amp; that in itself is a change already !

I think this Pope is very special. He seems to be taking an old approach of simplicity and true love but has made it so modern.I like this man.  He know that he is the leader of the Church but his job is to be a good Christian and teach the Word of Jesus Christ.

Pope Francis,  I am very sure the Pope will be a Pope for the people. I feel he                      will bring change that is greatly needed at this time. The church should not have              turned a blind eye on all the wrongs that have taken place within the church.Hopefully Pope Francis, will clean house as they say and rid the church of it'sover loaded baggage of trouble. I can only hope.

Another Francis of Assisi. That is exactly what the world and the Church need at this point in time. Thanks Lord for such a remarkable Pope.

It isn't the Church that needs to change, Take a look around--it's our Society

"Rebuild my church," God told Francis.

Wow!  A man who challenges the religulus not merely by his words, but by who he's been and who he's becoming.  Haven't seen much of that since the carpenter from Galilee . . .

Ha anyone else noticed how many liberal posters dwell on nothing but child molestation?  Get over yourselves! there are bad apples in every organization, but the VAST majority are awesome people. I'm not even Catholic but I find your constant referrals to this disgusting and childish.

Pope Francis says that he himself would like to see "a poor church and a church for the poor."  He needs to come to Cincinnati, Ohio, where the bishop recently shut down schools and churches to "save money."  BUT, the bishop bought  himself a half million dollar home in an affluent part of town complete with swimming pool, domestic help, landscaping services, etc. (you don't think the bishop was going to do all this himself, do you?).  Maybe this bishop ought to take a few lessons from Pope Francis.  Go for it, Pope Francis, millions of us worldwide have been waiting a long, long time for someone like you.

Why is it that the people who want the Church to change are ones who want sex and abortion to fit their needs?The Church will not adapt to you in some areas.  You must adapt to the Church..

He seems to agree and understand that, The Church needs, not so much to reform, as return, to the basic tenets of Catholicism.  Service to God, through service to the children of God, for the sake of the children! of God! As opposed to, service of the "church," through service to the church, for the sake of the church!  First, (like he needs advice from the likes of me!) Francis must remove the church, as church, from the path of "the bus" and return the church, as a God believing entity, to the path of strength and righteousness, by acting, ahead of civil and secular courts and judges, to right these most obvious wrongs and to amelioriate the damage and the pain! To agree and understand that, through him, God can do that !Dominos Vobiscum, y'all!i thought all churches were for the poor 1stthe meek shall inherit.

There is a billboard on a highway leading into Chicago that was erected by the Chicago archdiocese.  It states how many THOUSANDS of meals a day Catholic Charities serves to the poor in Chicago.  It also says "We don't ask them if they are Catholic.  We ask them if they are HUNGRY".  This is what Catholicism is really about.  Please try to remember that.  Please try no to harden your hearts.My local Catholic church serves more than 600 different hungry families in my town.  My husband and I are blessed that we are both employed, so we EACH peel off at least a $20 bill every week to help the food pantry and we probably should do more.  Ask yourself what you do to help the poor and needy in your community.  It doesn't have to be through a church affiliated program.  People are hungry, people have been without work and have run out of benefits.  Some people are too proud to accept food stamps ..........

I'm pleased with this Pope.. I wish him a health &amp; wisdom.. And I love that he chose Francis as his  Pope name.

Best was his blessing of the seeing eye dog Asia.  Bet no other Pope has done that.  I have a feeling there will be a general housecleaning taking place.  Something that needed to be done years ago.

Too bad most American Christians like to forget Christ's feelings about the poor and choose to envision him as a wealth-loving gladiator slaughtering Mexicans and Liberals. Maybe Pope Francis can help remind them of the true Christ.

The people's Pope.

Welcome Pope Francis!  May there be peace and unity during your reign.  May we see you plant new seeds for the bountiful harvest of our Church.

Pope Francis is becoming a class act of his own. He really makes life a pleasure for everyone regardless of background, and that is what will make this papacy a success. Being Catholic myself, this is how a Jesuit Priest is, divotion to the poor and humility.

The Pope needs to concentrate on getting rid of all the child molesters in the churches. It should be the top priority.

Time will tell I suppose, but this Pope certainly seems to know what to say to make people want to like him.I hope he gets the catholic church back in track, get rid off all of the bad influences and bad habits.

Why the Pope not wearing the Shoes of the Fisherman?It was lovely to bless the dog - he is also Lord's creation.

In a recognition that not all journalists in the room were Christian or even believers, he offered a blessing without the traditional Catholic formula or gesture, saying he would bless each one in silence "respecting your conscience, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you."This is exactly what I was taught in Catholic school (1st thru 8th grade); respect people of all faiths because we are all children of God.  "...Love thy neighbor as thyself."  Such a simple belief yet so difficult for many to follow.  All you need to do is scroll down and read the ugly posts condemning those who believe, those who don't believe, those who don't believe as you do.

May GOD bless Francis I and give him the strength and love he will need to face the Catholic bashers and others who will attack the church thru him!!!!

"charm" vs substance ... thanks idiot news media for the further decline of things that matter.

I am thrilled about our new Pope...but I must ask him one question..how would " A poor church" be able to sustain it`s poor people...unless it had help from those in the church who were Not so poor!

Well, he's heading what I understand to be the richest "entity" in the world, right?  If that wealth cold be better distributed, if those who need help can be helped...very cool.  I have to admit, he sure looks like a kindly, sweet fellow.

I am not religious but I believe in a community organization looking to better the world this story actually gives me a bit of hope that something good is left in the world....

A poor church is exactly what Christ wanted, but put decisions into the hands of mankind and watch Christ's teachings erode under the pressure of greed and power.  I hope Pope Francis creates a poor church and uses the proceeds to ameliorate some of the suffering the Vatican has caused over the centuries.  Wait and see.

I'd love to see him retire/terminate people like Law and Mahony, and immediately replace them with people with a zero tolerance for molesters.In the Catholic Church, abortion will always be murder, there will be no same sex marriage, and women will never be priests.  And that is just the way of it, so get a grip libs.

Thumb up 4 GodThumb down 4 Satan

"Francis turns on charm"  Turns on charm?  Pope Francis does not need to turn on any charm.  He loves God and that alone is enough to turn any human being into someone charming.

Although I'm not catholic, this Pope may be just what the catholic church needs to get back to the tenants of scripture.

1 Thessalonians 2:4But just as we have been approved by God to be entrusted with the gospel, so we speak, not to please man, but to please God who tests our hearts.

Or maybe he wasn't putting on phony charm and that is just who he is....the press is a joke.

I am a methodist but I very much appreciate why the pope took the name. God Bless The Pope!

In a very short time, he has already "touched" the people.... Catholic or not.  Benedict was never able to do that.I pray for our new Pope Francis.  He is a wonderful choice!

I am Jesuit educated in  HS, These men are all very well educated and have very high ethical standards, they demand it sounds like he got the message and lives it ..I wish him well!

LONG LIVE THE POPE, FRANCIS I.i wish him thr best

When you hear how this man has lived you realize what a mockery of "peace" it was to give Obama the Nobel peace prize.

Every one of us would experience the same humility if our faith and love for God were as devoted as this man's.

Polar opposite of all other world "leaders". I like this guy.

Not all the rules in the world will be changed for us.  If it is about sexual preference or sexual lifestyle, there is always a choice.  There is a way to resolve that inner conflict.  Blaming the church is not one of the solutions.

For some reason I am so proud to be a Catholic...hoping he is as he seems.

The election of Pope Francis reminds me of the movie "The Shoes of the Fisherman", staring Anthony Quinn.  He was a prisoner under the Soviets and later elected pope.One of his first missions was to address the wealth of the Church, and give alot of it to the poor....Check out the movie.  very good.

stay true!

he sounds like a very kind man, i truly hope he can fight for the removal of the perverts that plague the Catholic church. im not Catholic, but i can respect anyone who holds Saint Francis close to their hearts.

like most people i have been in a rage over the years concerning the catholicchurch, child molestation, and the cover-ups following them. pope john paul,and his point man pope ratsinger were up to their ears in doing little, damnlittle about the molestations and cover-ups, during their time in office. and godwill judge their behavior, or the lack of it on judgement day, that i can assureyou. but as furious as i am as a non-catholic, i must say that this new guygives me pause, a genuine positive feeling pause. a pause of hope, a pauseof wanting to see what this guy will really do once he gets going in hisadminsitration of the catholic church around the world. i pray for him, i wanthim to be able to do the right thing, at the right time, in all of the right ways,for all of the right reasons! he has a lot of manure to clean up in my opinion,and i hope and pray that he is the man for the job, the man for all seasons........He is certainty more personable and PR friendly then Benedict (a German being stiff and distant, who wouldve thought it).Although I am not Catholic I do wish him the best and hope he can live up to his namesake.

Pope Francis is going to make people feel welcome again....included....not shut out for not living life to the letter. I like him because he smiles a genuine smile.

Hard act to follow after benny the rat.

What a beautiful and important soul. Hope he leads the world to peace hehe.

I feel fortunate to have had a Jesuit teacher in high school.

I'm not Catholic, but I know the church isn't going anywhere so it would be great to see it get cleaned up and set a better example.  With such a huge population, it really could be a force for good with the right leadership.  There's not many organizations that can claim such a large worldwide membership so let's work with what we've got.  Pope Francis could be the beginning of that change for the Vatican...

Now, I see a light at the end of the tunnel, for the Catholic Church.

A great Story Yahoo News.

Think he is and would make a pretty cool pope.

So was that like a light switch?My hopes and prayers are with Pope Francis, I really think he can bring young people into the faith. God Bless You

Hopes and prayers go with this man of God.

Dear God, give this man the strength, and the help he will need to fight off those who seek to destroy our church with human secularism. Amen

I say this as a poor Christian and even worse Catholic, all those criticizing this man seem to have common threads. One is that they were never Catholic and secondly they belong to the #$%$ neurotic death cults that want religions to conform to their morays. If you dont like what the man represents DONT JOIN, dont expect them to change to fit your lifestyle!

It seems we have been blessed with a man with the spirit this world needs, not a politician.

I think the timing is perfect, almost heavenly that this pope with this attitude of compassion for the poor and ordinary people should happen to come around at this exact time.  Maybe he can turn the tide, here in the USA by shaming those who currently have their boots on the necks of 99% of the people of the USA...maybe he can help also end austerity in europe and whereever else the elite are crushing ordinary folks, and hogging all the profits of economies.

Isnt it amazing that the most blessed man. Only wishes to bless others! God Bless him and u.

May the Lord continue to bless our Pope and our Church!!

"In one of his first acts as pope, Francis phoned the Vatican ambassador in Buenos Aires and urged him to put out the word that he didn't want ordinary Argentines flocking to Rome for the Mass, urging them to use the money instead for charity.""He added 'a blessing for the dog too' and bent down to bless it."Wow, this guy walks the walk! I love it.

Congress and the ultra rich everywhere could take a lesson from this guy; it doesn't have to always be about tons of money and power, and bickering, like goes on in Congress.We have high expectations for this man,  may he live up to them.

The church is supposed to be a direct reflection of Jesus Christ. It's mission is to feed the poor, clothe the naked, care for the widows and the orphans, help the needy, and to spread the peace and truth of the gospel. Pope Francis seems like he's off to a good start. I'm not a Catholic but I'm in his corner with his message!

A Pope who likes dogs can't be bad. I like him already! Does he speak English?

Chris, I am not a Catholic either, and I too have great passion for Pope Francis, and his belief system. When I lived in New York, where I was born and raised, I would go to St. Francis of Assisi, near Gimbles, on Good Friday to receive my blessing. I did not go to the church of my faith. I cannot explain why, but that is what I did. I just felt closer to St Frances because he cared for the poor, and all living creatures. The poor have been forgotten for so long, I hope this new Pope will help turn the world around to caring about them again. It surely will help me go to church more often than I do. Getting back to the fold, is a good feeling for all who have been careless believers in the past. The world is in a horrible state at present and it is not because God has been missing, for as we know, He is aways with us. It is because we have turned away from Him, for greed and the desire for material things.  How very shameful.I like the feeling, and pray that it will happen, that in spirit, people all over this hemesphere, will be willing to join  invisable hands, and pray in all beliefs, and languages, for a kinder, and more loving attitude toward each other ...  Isn't it about time we did that.

As a recovering Catholic it does my heart good to see a pope that is a Jesuit. My hope is that he stays true to his original purpose. Education and social justice.

He should have chosen the name Pope Chuck Norris

Joe Biden is not a true Catholic.  His mother was, but not him.  If he were Catholic, he would not sit there and lie to the American people along with the president.  He would not believe in abortion, and he would not be pushing the gay rights marriage agenda.  So what the hell is he doing attending the new Pope's Tuesdays agenda?  I am sorry folks, but I have a problem with people who claim to be of the Catholic Faith, but do not practice it in their daily lives.

I'm not Catholic, and I can't stand religion, but this guy sounds like a pretty hopeful character.

I like him. Hope he kicks hell out of the corrupt Italian Curia.

Give him a chance. Also, be mindful of the fact that scripture says do not judge. It also says that we will be judged with the same measure we use to judge others.Good.  Maybe just maybe the World will end World Hunger and World Hunger Related Diseases, Shelter People, Cloth People, and Provide Medical Care for All without exception." FEED THE WORLD-ONE DAY AT A TIME (R) "

The more I hear about this man, the more I love him. He even blessed the dog...wow! The spirit of Francis of Assisi is alive and well in Pope Francis. There is hope in this Church. He sees all human beings as children of God. He didn't even give the traditional sign of the cross blessing in deference to those who weren't Catholic or believers. I have great hope for the future of this Church. Praise God for giving the world this lovely, humble man.

I hope he is saavy enought to deal with the Vatican hierarchy he is inheriting from Benedict.  It seems like a machine on auto-pilot.

I'm starting to feel Catholic again.

I think who left the Catholic church have their own reason for leaving.  It could be somebody aggravating in the church this person attended to. It happens. However, there are so many Catholic churches to go to.  Some are more sociable, comforting and friendly.  Ask God to lead you to the church where your faith in God will flourish. You will be amazed your prayer will be answered.

Knowing nothing of this man other then what I have seen and heard thus far he gives me a good feeling that he wants and will make a wonderful Pope bringing unity, compassion and dignity back to the church.

Looks like they made a good choice for pope.

King James Bible (Cambridge Ed.)He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.

Nice story for a change. I think he will do well. Plain and very educated.

This is the first pope I've ever liked from day one!  I'm praying that he keeps humble and for the poor, that his position within the Catholic church would not pollute him as it seems it has done for others!  May God keep him and use him to relieve those in dire straits and revamp the Catholic church where more people come to believing in Jesus Christ!I pray that the RCC and other Catholic divisions would not smear and taunt the Pope, just because they can.  I pray that all within the church would give him every chance in the world so that he might bring them all together!My mom was a strong Catholic and her only complaint was, fancy churches in poor sections of town, why not a church that is welcoming and more support for the poor?? Just a thought, but the whole Idea of the church is for the people.

I heard his English isn't very good.  Wonder how that'll go over with English speaking Catholics.  Rosettastone sales will probably go through the roof.

Who was the arsonist that burned down the Goetheanum in Switzerland?  Does anyone know that there is even such a place?

Google this............a wake UP callThe Christmas Conferencefor the Foundation of the General Anthroposophical Society 1923/1924

Viva El Papa!

He will make a great Pope.

Joe Biden should go to Reconciliation before goes to Rome. Same with Pelosi if she lobbies her way to the Mass. Both are Catholics in name only.BaileyWisconsin

I'm not Catholic, but I'm very impressed that the day after his election, Pope Francis stopped by the hotel where he had been staying, picked up his luggage, and paid his bill.  That is class.  I wish a lot of American officials had this kind of class.

St. Francis of Assisi is my favorite saint, not only because he was for the poor, but also because he is the patron saint of animals. I hope Pope Francis can do positive things for the world, and not stay mired in the trappings of conservative thought. Maybe he will be led to think outside the confines of church dogma.

God Bless you Pope Francis I.  Please bring God back into the USA!  Help us to rid of ALL the EVIL that has invaded us!he should do a good job and fire the #$%$ that are pedophiles, clean house.

I admire someone like this who wants to help the poor, and he wants to model himself after St/ Francis, I was hoping it would be him, there are so0 many poor people in Latin America, this is a rich church, he will do what is right for them. I wish him well.

I LOVE this man from Day 1, he's a Blessing! I love that he's so very humble, paying his hotel bill, the name he chose, St. Francis of Assisi, that he passed on the Gold Cross &amp; kept his old cross. I think he is just what we need for today's world. I wish him good health, so he can do the work he's meant to do. I can't expess how hopeful I am under our newly appointed Pope Francis. Kudos to the Cardinals for a truly heavenly pick!!!!!

Nicole.  POPE Francis to you (in the headline). His humility does not give the press license not to honor or disrespect.As for Cristina Fernandez, not surprising a populist president embraces every controversial angle to reinforce their "Forward" message as we are seeing ourselves. Irrational.....

Pope Francis, I would like to request that on Maundy Thursday, wash the feet of the other cardinals instead of kissing the feet of people with aids or prostitutes. We want to see a Vatican united and working together.  Being the Head of the Church, it would be a gesture to set aside conflicts.Divisions happen even in our own families.  We try our best to reconcile and make it work.

and for those who think gays and women priest and gay marriage should be adopted the the Catholic church go find another religion. Religion is founded on a peoples believes in God or whatever their symbol maybe and those believes are never up for discussion or that religion is no better than our own government that changes its mind with the wind.

A Pope with Charisma, intelligence and a sense of humor!

we'll just have to watch &amp; see what happens.

As someone recently said "Why do atheists always want to talk about God?"

I was bullied in grade school, for my middle name:FrancisNot Frank!!I've been proud of it, even so.Now ever more so.If these nimrod reporters had an IQ over 100, they'd realize Pope Francis I is not turning on anything....he's all natural.

There will never be true peace and there will always be the poor.  No pope can change this and those who think it possible are living in a fantasy world.

This man shines from within.

I like this pope a lot better th an pope benedict

I like Frank.

Dear Yahoo News...  Your headline - "Francis turns on charm.." - sucks!!  How about he's just a plain old nice guy.

I would have gone with Pope Remington Steel III had I become Pope.

i'm not Catholic nor Christian but he seems like a good person

Notice he is not wearing red shoes.

God bless this holy man and help him to lead His flock."Ya'all come in.  Set a spell.  Take your shoes off!"  Well, he's southern isn't he?

Please understand, this particular comment has nothing to do with the Pople.  That said, I would like also to say that I'm really tired of the press telling me about the "charm" of important public people charged with working for the wellbeing of the rest of us.  Charm is for schoolgirls.  I simply want these people to do their jobs with positive and beneficial results for those they serve.  I, personally, am not at all "wowed" by an individual's charm.  Nor do I believe should be the news media. We need a better world, not more charm.

seems like a pretty good fellow

Christ himself didn't come to be served, but he came to serve.  I am not Catholic, but I wish him well in his journey as Pope.

He is such a good man...we can all follow his example...may his blessings be many...

This man is wonderfully humble.  Thank God.

He seems just what the church needs as a leader.  I hope that he will open communion to all who in their hearts are truly sorry for their sins.  Closed communion is a terrible thing to me and one that our Lord Jesus would not appove.

Here is suggestion for the Pope... from one Catholic to another. If Pope Francis wants "a poor church and a church for the poor" then do as Jesus says and sell your riches and give to the poor. Just an idea.

Robert Hassan/MESSENGER OF GODCongratulation to POPE ,We don't like to see or hear about his Private life (.60 years ago love with someone etc etc ) Only we want a know HE IS OUR POPE

I thought he just loved the one guy on "stripes"It will be interesting to see if he eliminates all the bells and whistles surrounding the vatican.  The pomp and circumstance there is silly.  Time for reform.

Jesus's church was for the poor, the downtrodden, the meek. It is only appropriate to get "back to basics" when life has muddled everything up.

The Church will always be at odds with both continents of North and South America where Socialism and Secularism is the religion. I'd be worried if the Church didn't stand up to these governments.

His willingness to depart from his text in speaking suggests a candid integrity. He seems confident enough to speak his mind, humble enough to listen. And doesn't his training as a chemist make him the first scientist to become Pope?

I wish him a long life and the strengh to get done what he wants.

May the lord bless and keep you, Pope Francis. May His wisdom guide and uplift you in these troubled times.

I'M A PROTESTANT, YET I LIKE POPE FRANCIS.  Heres this modest bishop who's just become the head of the world Catholic Church, and he doesn't get an over-inflated ego.  He's a man's man.  A man who sees himself as a servant of god rather than a big shot.  Joel Osteen, and Ken Copeland  could learn something from Pope Francis.He even carried his own luggage and paid his own hotel bill before moving into his new home. Hmmm,  President Odumba could learn something from him too!

As a lifelong Catholic ... I am very aware of its shortcomings as well as strengths ... what worries me right now is the Joe Biden will open his mouth, show he is an idiot,  and embarrass American Catholics.  But if/when he does, we can only say that it should be expected since Obama sent him

TO ALL POSTING EVANGELICAL PROTESTANTS AND OTHER ANTI-CATHOLIC HATERS:Typical Protestant Evangelical hatred for the Holy Church. They cannot stand the fact that 1.2 Billion souls on Earth are Catholic. In their self-righteousness (modern day Pharisees) they condemn 6.999 billion of Earth's population---all Hindus, Catholics, Judaists, Muslims, Seihks, Jains, Daoists, Shintoists, Buddhists, Atheists, and everyone else who does not believe their psychotic narrow views----to burn forever in Hell, being tortured beyond imagination. Now if that is not a psychotic and false belief what is? If a god inspired that belief in Evangelical Protestants it surely was not the Supreme God of the Universe who is pure love. It must be a dark and evil entity. The Evangelical Protestants hate the Catholic Church and the Holy Father who teach love, the very opposite of the hate they propound.They always point the finger at the Catholic Church of the Middle Ages, never telling how their Fundamentalist Protestant Oliver Cromwell murdered hundreds of thousands in England in the name of their psychotic beliefs, or how the Evangelical Puritans in Salem, Massachusetts burned young girls accused of witchcraft at the stake by the hundreds. They also forget that Protestant Evangelicals beheaded a Scottish Queen and slaughtered hundreds of thousands of Catholic peasants in Europe in the 17th century during decades of war and pillaging. Yes, they forget all that. They also forget that the rates of incest are the highest in America's Bible Belt (Protestant Evangelical) states.

Jesus was jewishI like this Pope, but I was really interested in the St. Malachy prediction about the last pope ever, being known as the black Pope, Peter.   John Hogue reported that this may indeed be THAT pope ... Black being the BLACK a Jesuit priest is known for wearing and the name St. Francis he adopted ... the original St. Francis was born with the name "Francesco di Pietro (PETER) di Bernardone.   Very interesting.   "John Hogue on Coast to Coast with George Noory" also stated he hopes the current Pope Francis does not suffer the same fate as that of Pope John Paul I who died under mysterious circumstances.

I wish this Pope would come out and say how disgusted he was with the handling of these pedophile priests. That they should have been thrown out of the church and arrested. And that cardinal Mahoney should be expelled from the Catholic church. I want him to say he will not put up with any of this while he is Pope. If he did this the Catholic church would grow and he may go down in history of the greatest Popes of all time.

I am not a religious person, but I have a strong relationship with God. I think the more we detour ourselves from religion the more accepting we can be towards are fellow brother and sister. We would not judge them of their beliefs because we would not know belief.

That's funny, I thought Jesus said the purpose of his followers was to: "Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in[a] the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you. And behold, I am with you always, to the end of the age.”  Jesus forgot the truth, goodness, &amp; beauty part in there.

He seems to be very affable. I am begining to like him as Pope.

Pope Frank forgot to mention the animals.  Saint Francis would have mentioned the beloved animals.

Interesting report!  Thanks.

St. Francis is the patron saint of animals.  How true is that?

A Los Angeles Bishop who kept pedophiles hidden from the law, was one of the 'men' who went to Rome to select a new Pope.  Does anyone care about that?

Sounds like a pretty good guy ... just wish he was younger.......Hope he will stand with his declarations about poverty. If he's consistent with the Franciscan message, the RCC will have to substantially help the poor by paying taxes as any individual and corporation and reject all privileges and perks.

Looks like a page from the Pophecies of St Malachy got lost.That or we can now relegate the Catholic Malachy's prophecies to the same trash bin as Nostradamus' quatrains..Both sources were interpreted only AFTER something happened which sounded like the source.Now they have Pope Francis when it was supposed to be 'Peter the Roman'.

Our last hope for redemption....

Dear people who claim to be Catholics who are not genuinely.1. Stop having pre-marital sex.2. Stop supporting abortion.3. Stop being greedy.4. Stop being cruel to others.k, thx.

Wwjd?  diddle young boys!  god praise the catholic church of pedophelia!

He has a kind face compared to Pope Benedict.

Tell them about the murderous Jesuits.

Is that the stem to a giant hookah pipe in front of him? that would be cool!

I am going to wait and see how he treats women in the church..And I want to see what he is going to do about the child abuse that has flourished in the church..and I want to see some sacrafices..some real sacrafices..where the church does not just take in money from the poor but where they create programs that really help the poor help themseves...That takes education, child care and food for the hungrey..we have enough grand churches and regal robes..

the new pope should get to be on a box of wheaties like an olympian..maybe I am just not a smart person, but I can't understand the glorification of a pope, he is just a man, no better than any other man, can someone explain this to me?

Seems like a wonderful man who wants to move the Church back to the pre-Vatican II days when the Church did not think in terms of quarterly reports and fiscal years but in terms of helping the poor and honoring the Oath of Poverty.

you can remember the poor all you want until you start teaching the poor to take care of themselves everything will be for nothing. thats the problem with the US we give and give but do not teach. rememeber a saying give the hungry a fish they will eat for a day but teach them to fish and they will eat for a life time.  the US just gives them a fish every day and is in a circle of destruction.

I am not a Catholic. I am not even a Christian but the minute I heard his name and saw his face I was touched. His message today is what the world should be about no matter whif any faith you practice.

I like him and I believe he will do wonderful things for humanity and our poor.   I am not Catholic nor do I support some of the tenets but I do love and support a good soul such as Francis.

I wish the liberal media had the balls to bash the muslims like they do with the catholics. Oh I forgot, they are a bunch of cowards !

VIVA IL PAPA

God bless you, Pope Francis I.You are a very humble man. You are a TRUE man of the people.

The most revered moment as  A HUMAN BEING. He asked Brothers and Sisters please Pray For Me. That treasured him as HUMAN BEING.We all need everyone to pray for each one of us. When we pray we always ask guidance of the Almighty God of Things and Thinkings that will be good if not better for us human being.He truly is the Servant of God and being the Guidance of the Church. The new True Human Being as Saint Peter.

“Preach the Gospel at all times, and when necessary, use words.”― St. Francis of AssisiI am so glad that he is the new Pope. I see him following in Pope John Paul II.footsteps,trying to bring the people together. He is a very simple man as was Pope John Paul II.He is what the Catholic Church needs as does the people of the world.

Pope Francis called England taking of the Argentinean Islands a "usurp" action. England has a history of usurp actions from usurp of Wales, Scotland, Ireland, India, etc. etc. so I believe Pope Francis has nailed it right. England is caught with its hand in the cookie jar once more and the world is tired of it. Expect fewer not more friends to be on England's side in this war of words between the Pontiff and England.

He has made all the right moves so far; I have a lot of hope for the new pope...

Jesus is Lord

I thought he was a Sinatra fan....

Pope Francis with his thoughts and utterances could turn out to be a great Pope not just for Catholics but all humans..

In 1209, Pope Innocent lll had a dream where he saw St. Francis of Assisi holding up the Basilica of Rome, which seemed about to fall.  Let's hope the new Pope can hold it up, too.

I think it is safe to say that the Catholic Church that believes in the sanctity of life will remain Catholic at least until Pope Francis dies.  Good man, good choice for pope.

I can uderstand a church for the poor, but a poor church? What does that mean? A church that has few necessities? Or a church that is in want? Wanting a poor church doesn't make much sense to me.

The first thing Pope Francis needs to do is to allow the Swiss Guard to update their uniforms because....DAYUM.Pope Francis has shown more leadership in a few days than Obama in five years.

What's with the ill mannered hate for a man trying to set the correct tone and maybe a new direction for the church. You don't have to be catholic to respect his approach. The new pope is a humble man who will dedicate his papacy to serving the needs of the poor. So how is this a bad thing?

The new pope sounds very practical; and I like the humanity, even too bless the dog.

A Jesuit can change what others can not regarding the Catholic Church. There is much hope for Catholics and all Christians around the world with this choice for Pope. God Speed.

Truly GOD inspired to have this man be Pope at this time. Looks like he will be a Pope to all people; not just Catholics or christians, following in the footsteps of Christ when HE was on Earth. GOD bless Pope Francis and the World.

Being a poor man myself but very rich in spirits, Pope Francis has touch me with his simplicity and in this this day and age we need this kind of leader for our church.

A WAKE UP CALL FOR CLUELESS EVANGELICAL PROTESTANTSKing James commissioned scholars to write a new version of the Bible for England. Those scholars made many changes in the older meanings to suit their own particular beliefs, leanings, prejudices, or current doctrines. Uneducated fundamentalist Protestants keep insisting that version is "pure" and original. Any educated person, who knows better, has to chuckle. They adore a version of a book like an idol.

Why do people have so much hatred and negativities in their lives? Can you just open up and welcome all the positive virtues in life? Maybe you'd become wiser and a more loving person when you allow this to happen...

This is a GOOD man.

I hope people will listen to his message, whether they agree with all of the church's teachings or not.  For once, it appears that the media may not trivialize or sensationalize this man and the life he has led.Pope Francis knew why he was asking for OUR PRAYERS,look at all the hateful and ignorant comments below.

I think that Pope Francis is going to clean up the church, get down to basics, and preach the Good News.

I can asure you the new elected pope is capable of changing the face of the church to better, and he will do so.

St. Ignatius Loyola was the founder of the Society of Jesus, otherwise known as the Jesuits. St. Francis Xavier was a student of Ignatius's, one of the first seven Jesuits, and sometimes referred to as a co-founder of the Society. Francis Xavier was primarily a missionary to Indonesia and especially Japan.

Do not like the church but I like this guy.

He is a huge Sinatra fan.

"The man who loved and cared for creation — and in this moment we don't have such a great relationship with the creator. ""Creator" should be capitalized in this context.

Wealth will help you assist the poor and disabled, however making the Church a poor church will reduce it to joining the ranks of poverty thereby dissabling any future monetary assistance for some yet unknown cause. Hopefully you can clean house first, cast out the rotten apples, expose and bring to justice the pediphiles that remain under the cloak of the church, and bring the church in full accordance with the morals it expounds upon. P.S. Thanks for blessing the dog, God's OTHER children. God Bless you Pope Francis, the road will not be an easy one but I for one have faith you will do the right things for all people not just Roman Catholics.

Hmm I hope he gets a chance to tell Biden the same thing about abortion, gay marriage and birth control support to show Biden he is a hypocrite catholic!

Yes they say,new brooms sweep good!I just think it is sooooo funny all the security and sharpshooters they have guarding the pope  even that he is so loved! Jesus did not get any of this ,but i guess the pope is worth more than Jesus ever was!The pope should be ashamed of himself to have no trust in God!The Pope better beware of the prostitute liberals of the controlled media as they are a filthy den of vipers.

Wow... a positive story regarding the pope &amp; Catholicism... nice job Yahoo! About time you finally got it right.

Pope Francis is a breath of fresh air for our world and I'm not even Catholic.  We have strayed away from the church, the Bible and God and I believe in my heart, Pope Francis, will affect our direction back toward the light of our World, Jesus Christ.

Our family Patron Saint for four generations has been St. Francis of Assisi.  "Make Me a Channel of Your Peace" is the prayer of Saint Francis of Assisi and my favorite religious song. If you listen to the words in this song, it brings comfort to those in this world of despair. I became emotional when I heard the New Pope chose Francis as his name for several reasons. When I was 7, my best friend and cousin died from cancer after his right leg was removed in attempts to save his life. My aunt engraved a chalice with her son's name and donated it to her parish. The priest decided to use the chalice during my cousin's memorial Mass. When the priest lifted the chalice at that Mass and said, "Do this in memory of me," a beam of light came through the St. Francis' stain glass window onto the chalice. I told my grandmother to look at the stain glass window. She fell to her knees, because she knew her grandson was present in spirit. My cousin's name was Frankie.

Let's wait and see if the Catholic Church changes it's doctrine about birth control. All I hear so far is things like how humble he is.

May the Holy Spirit guide you in your mission and endow you with its fruits, gifts and virtues. God bless you Pope Francis 1.

Keep the collection plate moving..............

Sell some of that jewelry, and the furs, and the art that is stuck away where the public can't see it, and use that money to help the poor, save schools and settle the lawsuits.

The Catholic church is the premier charity organization of all time. No organization comes close to what the church does....day in and day out. Quietly and without fan fare. None needed. We do God's work and humbly ask Him to keep us in His love. Amen

THe Pope needs to take on the ghouls of the democrat party.  Start excommunicating democrat members of congress who are Catholic.As soon as i saw him it brought tears to my eyes i could feel a true Holy man

Based on the comments posted, it is clear to me that the secular progressives who DO NOT BELIEVE in the bible and religion have been posting vile comments about a religious leader and a religion that has no direct effect of them.  How is helping the poor, AIDS victims, the sick, the down trodden and living a humble life wrong???  I would LOVE to see the 1%ers Secular Progressives live the life that this man has done, which would mean giving up all their riches and popularity.  We all know that is NEVER going to happen.  Why aren't the "Secular Progressive Occupiers" not occupying Hollywood?  After all, Obama their Secular Progressive Idol, supports the same thing that Pope Francis does, so why are the HATRED???  The hypocrisy is ALIVE AND WELL in the LIBTARD F()CKTARD PARTY!!!

God bless Pope Francis; a good Pope who's humble and kind

I like this guy. He genuinely wants to help people."Oh how I would like a poor church and a church for the poor."I like that.

The Catholic church is full of evil. They represent Satan.

Never judge a book by its cover....

Why do all the headlines about anything now days seem to use the word "reveals". Are we talking about majicians all the time. The pope "reveals"...Kim Kardashian reveals....NASA reveals.....Obama ..."reveals. Welcome to the David Cooperfield Majic Show.

It's a miracle he has one lung!!1

"In a recognition that not all journalists in the room were Christian or even believers, he offered a blessing without the traditional Catholic formula or gesture, saying he would bless each one in silence "respecting your conscience, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you."I hope he can keep this spirit and message and is not undermined by the Vatican bureaucracy and (completely unspiritual) intrigues.

Ahhh. Here we go again with how some institution needs to conform to the culture and man's whimms. I don't care for the RC cult at all. But I do see how the very message of the Scriptures (Bible) are indeed under endless attack. It is because the Bible is true, it indicts man and his nature against God and shows the true nature and disposition of our hearts unless we repent and appeal to the Lord Jesus Christ and not some filthy church.May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of GOD and the true fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with yuo our humble pope, Amen!

He picked his name and he picked his seat.  It's a big old chair.

God have already blessed Pope francis by  making him the pope ,Wih God on his sideHe will clean up the mess of the catholic church .I say ,"Mabuhay " or Long Live The PopeFrancis .Nothing is impossible when God is with Him ,My Love and Prayer to His Holiness !

This is the coolest Pope in memory'he def. has his priorities right with helping the poor; a great choice for all,every word he says is Godly;can we beatify him already?! (Sainthood?)

Liberals attack anyone who won't agree lockstep with their godless, inhumane politics.

God had heard the prayers of the faithful catholic and christian churches. God bless him back and keep His promises thru him.

Sin is sin, you can't compromise on that.  That should be number one in his agenda

Seems like a pretty good guy.  Hope he has a good run.

"Oh how I would like a poor church and a church for the poor," Francis said, sighing.That is a sublime thought. I hope to see this bear fruits.

great to him!!!!!May we all follow the example of Pope Francis.

I'm glad that they did choose a Jesuit.

I think these people think a little to much about themselves. Too much pomp and whatever.

Republicans could take a page out of his book.

Papacy is unscriptural...Jesus taught his followers how to worship God...1st century christian went house to house spreading the good news about the Christ.

Many show hatred for not only Catholic's but any religion. Does not matter to Pope Francis he will pray for your redemption no matter how evil you are.

Like everything else you can never please everyone.  Some of the remarks below must be written by true morons. Ask and you shall receive, seek and you shall find, knock and it shall be opened, what could ever be opened for them?  They wouldn't know the truth if it was standing tall in front and looking right at them.

I was praying &amp; wishing for a new pope who will have great humility &amp; one who will reach out to the poor &amp; not leave them behind.  I think many out there prayed for the same thing.  Prayers do get answered.  Thank our Heavenly Father.

God bless the Pope and I hope for a better Christian society in America.

I hope God's creation turns back towards God instead of worshiping itself.Long Live The Holy Father

Thank you Jesus for Pope Francis!

Without being asked, he offered a blessing for the dog, just like the first St. Francis of Assisi would have done. He  loves and respects animals. He won me with that gesture. I love this Pope already.

Well, here is how it is. Nasty, dirty comments show you are evil, the devil loves those kinds of people. So many seem to just know so much about everything to do with the Catholic Church, the Pope, etc. I guess they all went to mind reading school. Just think all those of us who don't post those kinds of comments have to live among the rest that do. Pray for them. God help us all.

My middle name id Francis and my 1st name starts with an M. Thanks a lot Mom and Dad.And the new Pope spoke to the multitudes gathered there and said.Dome De Rome DomeAlla you #$%$ get offa da lawn.....Cheech and Chong

A Church for the Poor, would Truely be a Church of St. Francis and I believe would please Our Savior! It is His House and should serve the Entire Flock, not just the Fortunate! I pray this Pope will gather his Flock and Strengthen Christ's House!!!

regardless of where you stand on religion he is taking up an important cause, the poor. May God bless him abundantly as he serves the people as He died for all of us!

Omne malum a clero! (Innocent IV 1245 and Gregory X 1274)

When Jesus went into the region of Ceasarea Philippi he asked his disciples, "Who do people say that the Son of Man is?" They replied, "Some say John the Baptist, others Elizah, still others Jeremiah or one of the prophets," He said to them, "But who do you say that I am?" Simon Peter said in reply, "You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God." Jesus said to him in reply, :Blessed are you,Simon son of Jonah. For flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my heavenly Father, And I say to you , you are Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of the netherworld shall not prevail against it. I will give you you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. Whatever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven," Matthew 16: 13-19.Reply

First Journalistic Article on the Pope . How Refreshing!It sounds right on "church for the poor", but how can it accomlish this for 'a poor church'? To help the poor, the church must be spiritually rich and financially solid (strong)!

Pope Francis, the vivid image of  St. Francis of Assisi who's life was dedicated to the poor people. I am confidence that he will be the change in the Catholic church.

Thus it matter what clothes you have to wear if you go to the church as long as it is decent? Went to the church one day with formal attire and everyone looking at me as if I am lost! (My week when I movwd here, N.Y.)...  WELL, I didn't know that almost everyone inside (mens/boys) are wearing toxidos. That's the last time that I went to the church (18 years ago)...

He does not "turn on charm", like a politician. Would the press just leave him, and people's religion alone and move on!

Why the pope is always in their latter years, I thought they would choose a pope in their 40's or 50's.

he need,s to give away all the gold the Catholic church has to the poor then ill belive him !!!!!!!

The liberal media would love nothing  better than to have this pope renounce Christ.

Pope Francis has lived with one lung for 60 years and he is walking around, smiling, climbing stairs, working 12 hour days.  Is it a miracle?

Peter the Roman will shepherd the church through tribulation.

i'm a Protestant.  So far I love Pope Francis.  He exudes true Christianity.I too left the Catholic church for another denomination and with the election of this humble, remarkable man I too am now considering a return to the Catholic church. God Bless you Pope Francis and may the Holy Spirit continue to guide you.

As a buddhist, I believe this may be a great turning point for the HRC and an opportunity to redirect attention away from doctrine and back to the world and the people. The two most basic tenets of buddhism and catholicism are supposed to be the same: Compassion and the Easing of Suffering in this plane of existence.The Church has drifted away from that basic mission of Compassion and Succor a great deal in the last few decades and greed, scandal and avarice have overtaken the HRC, in disregard for the welfare and suffering of people, all creatures and all of creation, such as we can commonly think of that.This Conclave appears to have done a very good thing here, and I am beginning to feel that more than just the people of catholic faith will benefit from a fundamental change (back) to the original and proper mission of the HRC.To achieve that end, and to benefit the most poor people everywhere, regardless their faiths, beliefs or traditions, I would suggest that the Church immediately renounce its tax-exempt status and pay taxes like any other non-prof and to make sure it never turns an actual profit, re-utilizing all money taken in that does not go to running the newer, leaner Church for programs to help any and all who need help around the world.THAT would be a greater evangelical act than anything else the HRC can do right now at this time of great worry and suffering in the world.The vow of poverty must be taken in earnest and universally throughout the Church and throughout the world. Things need not be sumptuous to be pious.Jesus did not like conspicuous consumption or displays of wealth in His lifetime, and surely cannot be particularly pleased with the excesses of today's HRC.I sincerely hope that Pope Francis can change all of that and make the HRC a truly catholic church for all the people, in the true sense that Jesus used the word "catholic."

I am Jewish and I've never felt this excited about the election of a Pope.  This guy is simply different.  And because of that he has the opportunity to become a world leader.  His message is a great message that all need to hear.  Before his reign is over I think he will not only affect the behavior of the church, he will make an awfully lot of people re-examine the meaning of their lives.

We had John Paul &amp; were hoping for Ringo George...

St. Francis of Assisi, the pope said, was "the man of the poor. The man of peace. The man who loved and cared for creation — and in this moment we don't have such a great relationship with creation.   Beautifully put, holy father.

I'm not a religious person, but I think the catholic church is beneficial to society. Good luck to him and I hope he continues his humble ways.

I like this pope, but a poor humble man in a church built around centuries of greed and corruption certainly has his work cut out for him. One thing for sure, the vatican bank does not cater to the poor.

JESUS CHRIST has ALL AUTHORITY in HEAVEN and on EARTH!  [Matthew 28:18-20].  There is NO AUTHORITY for an elected pope in the Bible!  Furthermore, Jesus said, "Call no man your father upon the earth, for one is your Father, which is in heaven."  Jesus is the ONLY head of the church [Ephesians 1:22-3 &amp; Colossians 1:18].  The pope blasphemes Christ by agreeing to sit in this seat.  I believe Jesus Christ!  The pope is a sinner like everybody else [Romans 3:23].  I am enraged that anyone would allow himself to be called "pope."  The only time the word "reverend" is used in the King James Bible is in Psalm 111:9, and it refers ONLY to the name of GOD!  What is wrong with you people who want to elevate man to the position of God?  This is pure idolatry!  Shame on you!

I pray, with the Lord's Help, this Pope can take back what it means to be a Catholic believer in Jesus Christ. Help redeem Priests' reputations. Yesterday I saw a pic of the Pope washing a man's feet. I posted, "His humility and his humble beginnings remind me of Jesus."  Someone tried to rip me apart by saying how dare I compare the Pope to our Savior.  Then went on to tell me the horrible things Priests do to children, like they ALL do that.. God's Word tells us that we are to be as much like Jesus as we can. Remember Jesus washed his deciples feet the day before His crucifiction.  He was born in a manger and rode a donkey.  That's what this Pope reminds me of.  God Bless him and his heart for the poor!Also keep in mind that Priests and Pastors, the men and women of God who are in a position to help bring more people to Jesus are going to be tested by satan THE MOST.  Satan wants to stop them.  Can you imagine how many people turned against God when the Priests were caught with the children?  Or Jimmy Swaggart was caught with a prostitute, or the Jimmy and the Tammy Faye Bake ordealr? Bingo, satan won, many souls and he's still winning over those.  Our faith in Jesus HAS to be stronger than the schemes of the enemy or we loose out on having a RELATIONSHIP WITH JESUS and seeing heaven. IT'S NOT ABOUT RELIGION.  I made the mistake once of putting my faith in a preacher who let me down.  I let that keep me away from God for close to 25 yrs while satan celebrated. My faith should have been in God not the Pastor.  God is our Father and loves us with the purest most perfect love that a father could have. He's our Shepard and His Word says, He will leave the flock to go after one lost lamb. Are you a lamb that He's searching for?

A good beginning.  Let's see where things go.The first religion was Rock Worship...

@ Chris................your really working at it ain't cha? lolEdgar Cayce........you know who that is right? There is an Edgar Cayce entire Libray in Virginia Beach Virginia............you know that place where the US Navy has ports in...right?When asked a question he could not answer of the many he did answer.........he said."ask Rudolph Steiner."Forget this man..............copin the name Francis.  'You will know them by their Fruits'  or Matthew 7:6  "By their fruit you will recognize them. Do people pick grapes from thornbushes, or figs from thistles?"Rudolph Steiners fruitssome 240 Centers throughout the world for the Special People the Mongoloid and #$%$ the Camphill Movement.Eurythmy............Anthroposophical medicineBiodynamic agricultureWaldorph Educationand over 6 thousand lectures in print and just under a thousand books in print/The Jesuits tried to kill him...........so did the brown shirts/

Francis the Talking Pope?

The Roman Catholic Heretics: Biden and Pelosi ; go to Rome!    They are NOT TRUE Catholics; yet call themselves CAtholic!   They call themselves TRUE to the U.S&gt; Constitution; yet VIOLATE that to!! Making them  treasoness!

Just like the English bullied their way and grabbed Argentina's Malvina Islands England is bullying its way in to the Argentinean's coronation as Pope Francis is crowned Pope. Pope Francis would be more delighted if the English Delegation skip coming to Pope Francis's Coronation on many levels. First, the English aren't Catholics. Second, the Pope has Excommunicated Henry VIII who burns in Hell today as far as the Popes are concerned. Third, Pope Francis has called England's military invasion of the Malvina Islands an Usurp. Fourth, Should England send an unwanted delegation to Rome the Vatican's Swiss Guards will make Swiss Cheese out of the misbehaving English delegation. Fifth, the Vatican sent a delegation to Hugo Chavez funeral. So the English Delegation should recognize when they are not a good fit at Social Events and should please stay away. Nobody likes a Bandit.

So can we call him Pope Frank?

Bless the wonderful, peaceful, compassionate, humble, and holy Pope Francesco. He will be an inspiration to the entire world.

Dear Pope, Francis of Assisi, was at the time ''who no body cared to listen to him'', the same period the present christains today. So he had to preach to the birds and other animals, which used togather near him. We still see picturesof this saint surrounded with animals.

And we move forward carrying the cross of Jesus.

Humility is a blessing and may his reign as Pope last a very long long time.Where can I get one of those Swiss Guard uniforms?

I feel that Pope Francis will continue on the same path of St. Francis of Assisi. He will, no doubt revolutionize the Catholic church and repair the great damage that was done throughout the years. May our Dear Lord and Savior be your protector.

How wonderful that so many of you have positive feedback on Pope Francis! Yes, I am proud that he reflects what is needed in our Church and world today......someone who practises what he preaches. I pray for him too that the challenges he faces may not discourage and over-burden his soul. I believe it is God who will lead him and be there with him. May he never forget this truth.

Looks like this new Pope is more charming than the last one.

I love our new Pope Francis! How cool he blessed the dog too!

Dear Pope Francis 1,If all you will be able to do in your reign is to kiss the feet of 12 of the cardinals who chose you, it is enough.  It will show the world there will be unity in the Vatican because of your humility.  Peace will reign and we will have progress.Thank you.

Biden wll probaly get on the wrong plane and end up in some place else!!!!!&gt;(:

lighten up Francis!

i'm not Catholic, but pray that this new Pope stays healthy and true to his word - for not only his people - but the world!

While I respect his humility and promise to help the poor, I can't help feeling that he could help the poor by condoning condoms, etc.  The poverty-stricken married couples who have to pop out the babies until they die or abstain--did Jesus command that somewhere in the New Testament????And like St. Francis, he did not forget the animals, giving the man's seeing eye dog a blessing. Nice

It's a good thing that he didn't have a Shallowood celebrity to name him.Would you believe there are people named Imogen Poots running around in Shallowood????

Maybe he could start by finding in the New Testament where Jesus instructs his followers to have a Pope, nuns, Priests forgiving sins, transmutation, Purgatory etc--and if he cant find them throw them the heck out?

DA BEARS 50 AHHHHHH DA POOR 13

I'm sure he's a pleasant person but lets move on.Ok?Time hasn't dropped dead in its tracks.

Want to congratulate the Pope on the name he has chosen for himself and on his decision to take care for poor.May God Almighty continue to guide him on the path he choses to serve.

The Cardinals elected a good man, maybe we could use them to elect us a good president.

I'm sure glad he didn't name himself Pope Innocent. Worst name for a pope ever. That guy was anything but innocent. He was an evil bloodthirsty murderer. The Catholics say he burns in Hell for all eternity for his wickedness.

I already know that there are things that Pope Francis and I would not agree about; but I think that church has chosen a wonderful leader this time. He seems a thoroughly nice, humble, and compassionate man.

Who caresPope Francis seems very humble and has a deep concern for the downtrodden. Let's hope he is the Pope we've needed for so long to turn the media scrutiny around and back off the Catholic Church. Yes, we've had some unfortunate incidences come to light in the past and maybe they weren't handled the best way that they could be but come on...even religious leaders are human first, we all make mistakes. Does it mean that the Catholics are the ONLY ones making those mistakes? No, just the ones the media decides to harp on. Hopefully now we will have a strong leader that cares about the well being of ALL Catholics and get us back to where we need to be.

I like the guy. Has a good vibe. Hope he can whip the catholic church into shape.

The new Pope is a Jesuit. The gays and abortion crowd are in trouble. The being born gay con is almost up. You don't debate a Jesuit, their is no excuse. But Jesuit's know as Jesus knew, you can't educate a sucker.If the abortion crowd are looking for some relief? From a Jesuit? That might no be too good because there is not going to be much debate. You want to have sex? When people feel bad, they are not going to get to blame a Jesuit to feel good again. That game is coming to an end.

As a practicing Catholic, I have always wondered about the teachings from some bible stories (rich men entering heaven ... give away all you have and follow Me) how the Church is the richest organization in the world while it fights poverty.

I am sure he is God choice so he is blessing to the whole world

As an atheist, I must say that this pope gets it. It is not about the trappings of the office and the wealth of the church, it is about helping those of us who are less fortunate. While I don't have to agree with his religion, I salute him for his humanity. I hope that he has a long and successful reign and can make a difference.

The Prayer of St Francis is my favorite. I was very happy when he chose that name. God bless him.

Looks like the media has finally gotten over the fact that a Catholic was elected Pope.

Pope Francis will be a great Pope and do great things for Catholicism. Just give him time to  get accustomed to his new life as Pope. He wil not put up with the church doing nothing about pedofiles and will not approve of any notion to allow nuns as priests, nor will he approve of same sex marriage, as most catholics believe it is an abomination. A lot of this #$%$ is being driven by left wing liberal Americans, ACLU, Gay Rights Groups, etc. It was Adam &amp; Eve not Adam &amp; Steve, nor was it Sue &amp; Shirley, gays cannot procreate they can only abominate. My prayers are with Pope Francis.......

May our Almighty God, Bless the world &amp; Pope Francis in his humongous responsibility.It's time we outgrew religion.

Pope Francis has been a breath of fresh air to all us Catholics already by making the lackies all sweat what's to come. This is going to be a good one.

Meet the new Pope.  Same as the old Pope.

Lucky dog!

What do atheist actually do for the poor? What do they do about anything for that matter?

Just a side note:  we should use the term 'Roman' Catholic, instead of catholic.

I know nothing about the new pope, but just judging by the photos, he's a no-nonsense kind of person.  Not much fun to be around, but he'll straighten out the organization.

This man leads by serving. I've been taught that this is the way of Christ.

I hope this POPE wake up and let the preists get married and end the Pedophiles.

By taking the name FRANCIS,so far he stands by it. I see changes in the future under his Papacy. God knows...the church and the Vatican needs it.Good name to have as a leader of an institutution that has major problems.Let's wait and see....Pope Francis is not going to change the Church's position on contraceptives, abortion or gay rights. That is not how doctrine works. He does not have the power to make such changes even if he wanted to.  You can disagree with the Church's position, and many people do, but don't criticize the Pope for upholding the tenets of the faith. That's his job.

Problem is, poor people can not support the church and that is exactly why some of them are closing.  More and more middle income people are becoming poor as the middle income group gets smaller and smaller and more and more Americans are getting government assistance as Obama wants to happen.

the press said he was pouring on the charm, phony, can't you say he seems like a nice guy!  you guys are a crock.

For those who are non-religious or secular, the teachings of Jesus Christ do not "evolve" or "keep up with the times."  Christ said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." We Catholics believe what Christ said.  There is a truth!  Our beliefs do not keep up with secular society. We do not change on abortion, homosexuality, or any other hot topics in society, and truth does not change.  We hope and pray secular society will someday catch up to the teachings of Christ!  Jesus was not left or right.  He was the living word of God, and God exists outside of time and space.  You cannot evolve what is already infinite.I hope this helps.

When is he going to wear that funny hat lol

Thanks be to GOD for his divine leadership upon mankind in the universal cuhrch.

Go back and research this guys history and his Connections to Argentena's Dirty War, simply disgusting.....If all it takes is to wear a " Simple White Cassock and Plain Black Shoes" to fool the masse's of idiots into thinking This guy is So Great so Humble....Maybe our Tryannt Barrock should give it a try.

How about caring about the touched and the raped?

facinating . . .

As I see it we are all common people, some better off, some worse off but all headed towards meeting our maker someday.  How you live your life is up to you, but just knowing that there is an eternal life should make you want to live it by your own self worth.Why not something cool?  Like, Clint?

Hard to tell, but isn't his ring missing?

Let's hope he stays true to his humble ways and can take the starch &amp; pompousness out of the curia!!As a US Catholic I have asked, why is that we can only choose from protestant churches for nursery school for our children?Also, when we build a new parish, why not build a parish hall that can serve many purposes including nursery school; after-school study hall; day-care center; etc. and then, once/day during the week and three-five times on the week-ends as a place of worship???Hopefully, Pope Francis can return the Church closer to the religion which it serves!!!

With his sincerity, love of humanity, and devotion to God, he will succeed in his mission.

It's astounding how quickly the left-wing smear campaign mobilized against the man.

The very choice of name speaks volumes.  Francis of Assisi renounced materialism and trod the True path of Christ.  He even received the Wounds of Calvary.  The Church has needed a simple, good man to set it right for a long time now.  May God bless and guide our new Pope...

My first encounter with the Jesuits was when I was ten.  My family went to visit a relative in Dallas.  We went to church on Sunday.  The church was simple wooden building with no saint relics only the cross at the alter.  After mass we went to the hall for some hot chocolate.  There I saw a poor family going through sacks that contained vegetables.  I thought we were poor but this family was worse off.  The children did not wear shoes and were shabily dressed.  The priest took them and told them that they could take as much as they wanted not what they needed.  My ex son-in-law was counseled by a Jesuit.  He went from being in street gangs to a officer in the air force.  He did not cram religion on him and he is thankful for this one particular priest who saved his life.  I love this order most of all.

Why is the "Liberal" Press giving a hard time to the guy who promises to help the People?

My prayers for our Pope

"In a recognition that not all journalists in the room were Christian or even believers, he offered a blessing without the traditional Catholic formula or gesture, saying he would bless each one in silence "respecting your conscience, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you." " Now, that's exactly what this world is all about, respect for all humans and their believes, may Pope Francis be the chosen one to make all the necessary changes that the Catholic Church needs at this time, God bless Pope Francis!Mother Theresa, the Dalai Lama and now, Pope Francis ... all bring to us ... their humble hearts.

"Someone else suggested Clement XV, to get even with Clement XIV, who suppressed the Jesuit order in 1773."       So much for the spirit of forgiveness even hundreds of years later.

I'm a Catholic that is hoping Pope Frances I will live up to the high expectations we have of him.  St. Francis of Assisi was something of a rebel and a reformer.  I hope this pope is as well.  Lord knows, the Catholic church needs it.

You know what I find extraordinary? That here in the U.S. the whole country went after Jerry Sandusky of Penn State for child poking. And the same people who totally ignore these guys in the vatican who cover up the same activity that goes on with their priests world wide. You people who love this poop, this vatican and this so called religion, you really need to get your priorities in order.

If the pope was really a godly man, he would make it a top priority to read and study the Bible and deliver the Plan of Salvation to the world. And he needs to meet with the priests and show them in the Bible the Plan of Salvation so they to can spread it to their congregations.

I pray for him and the work he is about to do.

Let's not forget the other one, Francis Albert Sinatra.

I'm waiting for Pope Bubba I.

His Humbleness talks about wanting a "poor church" while seated on and surrounded by such obscene extravagance.  This might have had more impact if he had DONE something concrete.  We have all become accustomed to the flowery, meaningless rhetoric of these religious czars.  Let's see more action and less talk.

First time ever, I feel a deep personal bond with a Pope,"We have an Argentine Pope!" the faithful yelled. Well except for the fact he's from Italy.

GOOD  "the man of the poor. The man of peace. The man who loved and cared for creation — and in this moment we don't have such a great relationship with creation."He's got me there.   What he says is right for a focus.BAD:   drawing negative judgement on those born gay and who must live as gay people, who have no support and need mates probably more than straight people do.   That's the political issue.   Please, Francis, stop making these people suffer for the church sins when they did not commit them.That's my view, and I've been thinking it over a long while..

francis means "king of diddling young boys" in French.  the catholic church is a cult at best.

Lighten up Francis.

A Pope with a personality??  What took so long?

"Poor church"? You can bet the cardinals, bishops and priests who have lived for centuries in fabulous wealth, luxurious mansions with servants, good food and wine and lately, a steady stable of cute young boys, don't like THAT comment one bit. Of course they'll totally agree with him publically.

And I thought he was named after Frank Sinatra.

Make the catholic church poor? Fat chance.

I am very pleased with  Pope Francis

Is it true this Pope was a bouncer for a bar when he was 18years old?From everything I have read of this man's past, he is very famlliar with pain and suffering on a personal level. And is very strong in his beliefs. He is the right man at the right time, for the position and hopefully for the rest of the world.

I am glad the new Pope is returning to the basic: proclaim the good news of the Lord message of salvation,repentance for redemption instead of remaining in bureaucratic jargon.Pope is not a figure head of the Catholic institution but a shepherd of the God's children.

I'm not Catholic, but I like him. I wish him and the Catholic church God's blessing.

I'm not a catholic, But I like this man! Wanna know why? Because he doesn't have 5#'s of gold hanging off him like the other popes had!

What about the jobless working people whom governments force to support the "poor"?  This guy is just a white Obama.  The only difference is the POPE, is more honest, walks the walk, and probably earned his position.

We should all follow the example of St Francis and become more concerned about the poor, about animals, and about taking care of creation. I like this new Pope.

This is a guy I'd like to have a beer with.

Francis? We got a woman pope now?

Hey reporters, did you notice his arms aren't as sexy as Michelle's?

I'm sorry, but I don't understand Catholicism at all.Keep telling the poor people of Latin America to practice the Catholic Doctrine of birth control and you will extend poverty for them for years to come. Think about it penniless families having 10 or more children tends to perpetuate poverty!

Does this mean he will be selling off the huge amounts of expensive geegahs the Church owns and use the money for more noble causes?

Maybe the Catholic Church can now join the 20th century?  They'll work on the 21st Century later.

I recommend 2 movies in order to know deeper who St. Francis was:Brother Sun, Sister Moon, and well, the other is Stigmata. Even though St. Francis is not referred personally, the name of the main character is (a girl) Frankie. However, at the end of the movie, you can see the white statue of St. Francis with pigeons.BTW, the city of San Francisco is named after that saint.JD Michel

I thought Saint Francis of Assisi was the patron Saint of animals. (for real)

So what was his real name?

so why do popes choose names? not really up on my catholicism.

It is tragic...............in many ways for the Christian Community does not prostulatize. Promote. That in this forum..........with such darkness and shadows amid peoples longing for renewal of the christian impulse which is the core of their life of spirit.....I have to do this.The Christian Community of North Amrerica.The First Church to be awoken in the Apocolypse.

Enough Already ! I'm sick of seeing every aspect of this nonsense on a daily basis. Aren't there any other cults making news ?

Obama really thought he was going to win this election as well! :)Well, he's talking the talk.  He'll find it impossible to walk the walk, even if he is sincere.  Catholic big shots living in poverty and living like Christ? That'll be the day. Too much of the hierarchy bathe in money; they love it more than God. Their lifestyle proves it.

I like this pope, too. I just hope that I'm not reading insinuations that because he appears to be humble and a man for the people, it must mean that the last several popes weren't. We've been blessed in the last few decades to have had wonderful popes. I think it just goes to show what I was taught in the very Catholic university that I attended: that there is "beauty in diversity..." "Unity in big things, diversity in the little things." The differences in the personalities and ways of the last few wonderful popes that we've had are great examples of this truth. My prayer is that this pope will be, for this time in history, exactly what we need. I think he will be.

This POPE seems to be a very good man, humble as well as not stuck on Catholic is best type of thing! I SINCERELY BELIEVE that he truly cares about ALL of GOD's creation without judgment of your beliefs.He loves animals as well !!

God Bless Pope Francis I .  I'm so glad he is keeping the bar of Excellence on top where it belongs and not cave in to the secular liberal left using their evil political pressure.I am genuinely thrilled for Hispanics everywhere that they are getting the spiritual recognition they have waited so long for and so rightfully deserve. Our new Pope was chosen by God and God is perfect is his judgement, justice, and wisdom.Sing praise to Jesus Christ, both man and spirit, our Lord in the Highest. God bless everyone!

May all in heaven father,son and holy ghost be with our new pope I belonged to the order of St. Francis in St.Louis mo. And I was delighted in knowing that our holy father had chosen the name of francis.My prayers are with him long live our pope francis amen and amen!

God bless him!

I was raised Catholic, went to Catholic schools, my kids went to Catholic school but I have distance myself from the church for some time. Right now I am even thinking about going to Mass. When he said he wished the church was poor I understood.

Please allow birth control... the poor need it...

Shawn Hannity? A Jesuit trained toolGovenor Brown of California..........Jesuit.Pat Buchannan............Jesuit

Long live Papa Francis!Thanks be to GOD for this Holy man of great humilty.I know he has A brilliant intellect but also a grand heart.DEO gratias!PRAISE BE JESUS MI IMMACULTATAWhat about the Sexual Abuse caused by Priest. That's as Poor As It Gets

I hope the pope has a taste tester in the vatican as I fear if he attacks the wealth and power structure he might have a poisoning  incident with a statement that he died suddenly of natural causes.

This man might even turn me Catholic!

I love this guy!!!I am a serious atheist and I effin' LOVE HIM !!!!!

Wow, that is a HUGE hookah he's smoking in the top photoSave me a hit Pope!

interesting

Gosh!  Could we actually have a human being as the Pope?  They have all been so stolid and somber, Frances seems to be just the opposite,   I really like this man.

The defining moment ---- "The pope has sharply criticized Christina Fernandez over her support for liberal measures such as gay marriage and free contraceptives." Amen, our prayers have been answered. Hallelujah! God is great.

This is going to go over a lot of peoples head but here goes,,,,The height of arrogance is the height of control of those who create god in their own image .Freethinkers enjoy....

I'd rather watch and hear about the Pope then watch or hear about the Kardashians. Some people will rush home and chance getting into a car wreck just so they can watch the Kardashian show on time. Now that is idol worship!The faithful Christians offered prayers for a miracle to overcome the evilness that is so pervasive in this world;  I believe God as answered us and given not only our Catholic church but our Nation and the world the miracle in the person of Pope Francis.  I think he is the last "outpost" for goodness and mercy to once reign in the world.

I figured that like me he was a fan of Francis Albert Sinatra

Gay marriage, artificial insemination, and condoms are not the most pressing problems the church faces.  I hope that the new Pope won't let "headlines" distract him from exposing and resolving the real issues in the church.

Reminds me of Pope Pius XII!He saved more Jews from  the Nazi occupation of Rome and has finally been vindicated/exonerated by the Jews themselves.Go to Pathways Foundationand Pres.Gary Krupp a Jewish ally of  PPXII

hopefully this will be a great change for the church.

Tough spot for the Powers to be in the not so Free Press. Both the Print and Media Journalists are instructed to promote SSS: Stateism, Secularism and Socialism. All three are in direct opposition of Christian Values and slowly take away God given Individual Freedoms.

Dear Pope Francismay god bless you ever forever and world will appreciated your kind heart.from : francis paschal,malaysia

For a 74 yrs old, hes got some stamina

Does he have a wife?

Is this person really a virgin? If so that's very strange.Does anybody care how he picked his name

how about Pope Schlomo or Pope Muhammed?  if you really want to reach out

I hope this pope means and does what he says.

God bless this pope.  I trust him and he chose the right name and the right direction.  I have high hopes he will use the power of his position to promote justice for the poor, equality and moral values for all.

A truly inspired choice for our Pope and for the world's Pope. I have renewed hope for our Church and it's message of Christ's simple teachings. The Holy Spirit was indeed in that Conclave! God Bless You Francis I and God Bless our Church.

First choice was" Kiddies Pope Daddy "

I wish Pope Francis all the best as he does has his hands full and alot to carry.

The church has the same CEO that it always had, Peter the disciple.

He/she who is without sin, let him/her cast the first stone!  Pax et bonum!

i have great faith and hope for the church and our wonderful new leaderHow can anyne not have tender feelings, for a person in high places with access to expensive transportstion, and servents to attend to his needs, take public transportation, and prepare his own meals. It has been shown, on a website, that the new Pope even paid his own hotel bill at the front desk.  Now that is class!

There are Christians who are calling on their fellow-Christians to disengage from politics. The so-called Culture War is obscuring the Gospel. Tell that to the prophets and to Jesus. Tell it to Paul and John.No doubt Christians prefer to live a quiet life, as the apostle Paul wrote. They would prefer not to have to expend time, energy, and money fighting laws that one day could end up limiting their freedoms:“First of all, then, I urge that entreaties and prayers, petitions and thanksgivings, be made on behalf of all men, for kings and all who are in authority, so that we may lead a tranquil and quiet life in all godliness and dignity. This is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Savior, who desires all men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth.” (1 Tim. 2:1–4).These instructions to the young pastor Timothy did not stop Paul from challenging political reprisals against him (Acts 22:23–30). He even appealed to Caesar in a time when Jews had no political standing (25:11–12). Paul’s trump card was that he was a Roman citizen (22:28), and he took advantage of it, as we should today. Of course, we don’t live under Caesar. We live under the Constitution of the United States that gives us the right to speak, write, and assemble to petition the government “for a redress of grievances.”There used to be a time when we did live a quiet and tranquil life because there was a time when Christians engaged their world culturally and politically. The goal has never been to save the world through politics but to put politics in its proper place. Our false sense of quietude and tranquility have gotten us to the place where we are losing what many fought so hard to gain.What if a government starts molesting people for their beliefs or even their mere existence? What should a Christian do? The slave trade, the holocaust, and racial discrimination come to mind. The anti-slave trade was headed up by Christians. Study the life of William Wilberforce (1759-1833)  if you don’t believe me. So was the civil rights movement.When the allied troops liberated the death camps and saw the atrocities, the soldiers went into the surrounding towns and forced the citizenry to walk among the corpses. It was happening right under their noses and they did nothing. That wasn’t the “tranquil and quiet life” Paul was talking about.

I wouldn't be caught dead with a name like Francis....

I'm a believer, but this Pope thing is rediculous. The leader of the church is Jesus; not man.

May god almighty strenghtens pope francis to carry out the divine function entrusted to him especially in challenging moment. Courage his holliness.

Let us all hope that this will be the only "intimate insight" that he reveals.

Steve, I agree with you. Hopefully this will usher in a new era within the church so that we  can identify it with the message that Jesus Christ gave us. I love this new Pope already

we can hope &amp; pray he'll carry out his thoughts &amp; words.

Isn't it kind of funny seeing a pope wearing black shoes??  Don't they usually wear white ones?

He is starting is Pontificate in the spirit of the 'poverello' St. Francis of Assisi...Bravo, venerabile santo Padre, may the prayers and charisma of your patron saint, and the blessed Virgin Mary, guide, protect, and lead you closer to our God... Love the Idea that he blest the dog as well, showing affection to all of God's creation...So next week our former German Shepherd meets the 'poverello' from the new world, history in the making indeed...May God bless them both..."A poor church and a church for the poor"...Just recall 1978, almost the same words from Albino Luciani, aka Pope John Paul I...taken from IN GOD'S NAME David A. Yallop book, An Investigation Into the MURDER of Pope John Paul I..."On September 28, 1978, thirthy-three days after his election, Pope John Paul I, 'the Smiling Pope', was declared dead. No official death certificate has ever been issued. No autopsy ever performed. His body was hastily embalmed. Cause of death: UNKNOWN. And Vatican business continue"...Are we doomed to lose a second good man in the papacy in the short term? God bless Franciscus I, if that sole wish can protect his life here in the Earth!

Seems like a good, Godly man. I'm no Catholic, but I wish him sell in reforming his church and in helping the poor. He seems really down-to-earth and thoughtful.

I was too young to know anything (until after his death) about John XXIII, but sounds like this pope is more in his mold than not. I hope so. The papacy, the church, even the world could use a big ol' dose of humility. It never hurts to be kind, or a little more compassionate to the least of those among us.

They chose a great man God bless the new Pope !!!!!!!

I pray the Popo Will keep loving the poor as he promise.

jehovah thank you for a humble leader to remind us that we need to be more humble not in talking but in doing be bless america and all other countries president and congressman take the challenge and join in

Good start.  But (1) I think people need to realize that there is nothing wrong with being prosperous; we shouldn't aspire to be poor.  Christ never said that.(2)  Have the Vatican sell off their hordes of treasures and be the first to come to the aid of people everywhere, people who, for generations, have donated everything they have.  I was through the Vatican several years ago and thought it was shameful how they flaunt all the gold, jewels and statues, way off in the back corridors.The best of luck to the Pope!

'and that he himself would like to see "a poor church..."'"Because you say, 'I am rich, and have become wealthy, and have need of nothing,' and you do not know that you are wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked, I advise you to buy from Me gold refined by fire so that you may become rich, and white garments so that you may clothe yourself, and that the shame of your nakedness will not be revealed; and eye salve to anoint your eyes so that you may see." - Revelation 3:17-18

"Turns on the Charm" is an opinion.  The man was just being himself, but the author of this piece has to cheapen it somehow.By the way, he was born in Argentina, not in Italy.  His parents came from Italy, but he is an Argentinian, born and bred.Nick and Freeman below are very sick people, or simply stupid ones.

The most significant thing the RCC can do to help the poor is retract its own rules that contribute to making people poor. Like being anti-birth control, leading to too many kids. Want to place a bet on it happening? … But he makes nice speeches.Love it!  '. . . saying he would bless each one in silence "respecting your conscience, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you." '  Whether atheists like it or not, they ARE children of God!  :)

I don't know about you all but I like this guy.  Down to earth and ready to make some changes without any hesitation.  God knows the Catholic church needs to be revised.  I think this man will do it.

I haven't stopped believing, but refuse to attend church. I don't believe in supporting a religious institution which spends more on itself than on its people. I'm not Catholic, but this Pope does the proper life of a holy follower.

I realize reading these posts that I must be poor of spirit, take care of the poor and reform.  If I reform, the Church will be reformed - I am the Church

aye father i dont want to play hide the ring finger anymore

Nancy Pelosi, Joe Biden, John Kerry and lots more, are Catholic in name only and should be denied certain rites such as communion.

He comes as a man of peace but he is not. Read the bible and what it says.

I love this Pope!

May God give him the strength and knowledge to do what needs to be accomplished to change the Catholic Church into an institution for the guidance of people, with changes in the Church that will heal and eliminate, from the Church, some who shouldn't still be priests while allowing Priests to throw of the shackles of Celibacy!

May the LORD continue to guide and bless our Pope to lead the Universal Church according to will of God.Already the word is out that he cares about the poor but that could easily be church propaganda, and already the millions of catholics believe it.The vatican has a whole media branch to promote their agendas. How do you suppose they kept the molestations so quiet for so long and are able to pay off those offended? And where did all that money come from to pay them off? From the poor that they suck off and pretend they minister to the poor. Go figure.You people sure are gullible and naive to believe that poverty is preferred by god and then to see those who administer that idea being so rich!!! You really are dumb people. Better you huddle together for strength in your churches because there is strength in numbers. Alone you'd get picked off by the lions one by one.

Then sell the gold throne and stop wearing a millions of dollars worth of jewels. Just wear the simple cassock (white for pope and black for everyone else), cross and that's it. Be transparent on the wealth and all finances of the church (all churches should do this by the way). I think this guy wants to do this, but will the rest of the church hierarchy let him?

AP, you lefty lib MSM drones have such a short memory, only yesterday did the Vatican hand your butts on a plate for being such ingrates and attackers of religious personages and organizations! Yet today you're fawning upon the Holy Father Pope Francis I, what hypocrites! BTW the Catholic Church has ALWAYS been tolerant and forgiving NOT like you MSM drones and secular progressives seem to be!

We know how Barach Hussein picked his name. The old ladies in the Kenyan village next door to where he was born suggested it

God Bless Pope Francis of Assisi

Mind if I call you Frank?

From what I've read here, he's better than some, but still not as good as he should be.

I hope he does good for God and the world - the church will follow.  God bless you even more Pope Francis

Meanwhile in other news.... "South Africa cardinal says pedophilia not a crime"

Pope Francis want's a "poor church"?  I wonder if that makes him a target by those who control the church's coffers?  If I were him I'd watch my back (as well as my meals).Hey Frankie, we're not interested. Better tell us why you supported  the criminal Fascist dictator in Argentina. I thought Jesus is against torture and murder.

IHS the letters of the Jesuits translated means "Sign of the Conquerer"... .........and here is the historical quote......... "In is my opinion..if the Liberties of this country the United States are destroyed- it will be by the subtiety of the Roman Catholic "Jesuit' priests, for they are the most crafty, dangerous enemies to civil and religious liberty. They have instigated the MOST of the wars of Europe. "Marquis de LaFayette ( 1757-1834) French statesman and General who served in the American Continental Army under the command of General George Washington during the Revolutionary war. there is a flippin Reason..........th is last pope resigne '33' years after Ronal Reagan faced the Washignton Monument while being sworn in. He won the election in 1980 '33' degree's a Mason years before 2013 but when he was 'officially' sworn in the following january FACED the Washington Monument for the first time a President did so in history

Why the slightly snarky headline, "...turns on charm"? Just report what's happening, not your spin, opinion or slant. Doesn't anyone have a real journalism degree under their belts anymore?

Karol Wojtyla destroyed communism in East Europe ( West still stays commie).Hope- this one will destroy communism in USA, will stop killing of 500000 unborn kids here

WE have a society around the World who are delusional politically we call them Republicans, and Spiritually we call them Catholics. They take, take, take. I pray this one is different, and does not only wish to collect the loot but truly shares it with the poor as he now says.

This brought tears to my eyes, I think he is a ''one and only'' THANK GOD

Robin Hood: Stole from the rich and gave to the poor.Catholic Church (Vatican): Steal from the poor, give some of it back to them but keep most of it.Check out their Mercedes, BMWs, Rolls, super high end furniture, expensive Halloween costumes, Lavish homes, open-ended expense accounts............"Hey, Giovani, we Italiano..............da mafia is us.............what you gonna do bout it?  Makes em' feel good to give to us. Deh think deh gonna go ta heaven........its a win-win, Giovani. Works for us, works for dem"

I have a good feeling about this Pope. He asked ordinary Argentines not to flock to Rome for his Mass but to put the money in use for charity. An affluent person would probably never fully grasp how that could mean life and death for some people in our third world situation. A wonderfully "poor in spirit" Pope. Thank God.

I putta da nama's in da hat and Badda Bing.................

I love what I heard about the new Pope. There is  still hope for humanity to continue!Poor church! Now, that's an oxymoron of the century.

I was hoping for spicola, then he would be pope spicola

Biden'a advice to the Pope..."get a shotgun......get a shotgun".

Prayer of St Francis of AssisiLord, Make me an  instrument of Your PeaceWhere  there is hatred, let me sow love.Where there is injury, pardon,Where there is doubt, faithWhere there is despair, hope,Where there is darkness, light,and where there is sadness joy.

He looks and sounds like a nice man. We have few in leadership like this.

The Vicar of Christ; a Pope for the people...   Amen.

Pope Francis had a vision of "White" smoke coming from the White house in 2016...!

He can call himself anything he wants, but to God he is nothing more than "PONTIFEX MAXIMUS" the "High Priest" of "PAGAN" Rome.

I'm not exactly sure what the Pope does, but he seems like a good fit.

HmmmPope Francis makes most Christians look weak in their convictions.  May God bless him &amp; give him strength &amp; long life!!!

Boy, I'll bet the Vatican hedge fund managers don't like this kind of talk.

Yeah because Pope Nomolesty dosen't sound right.

I have a good feeling in my heart about this man.  Like I did when John Paul was Pope.  I believe that the Pope and former Pope Benedict are going to strengthen the church by righting a number of wrongs that happened in the dark, and are now brought to the light.  I pray that the victims of the transgression will also be a light, and when all that can be done, has been done, that they will allow God's Grace and the Holy Spirit to finish the restoration of the flock.  Remember Christ's message, that all that has been given to him, He loses not one.....

I think Pope Francis will be terrific!  He will uphold orthodox Catholic values and concentrate on the poor, the "least among us".  Such a blessing!

American nuns have done more to help the poor than any of the exalted princes of the church.  Yet the Vatican has criticized them for focusing too much on the poor and not enough proselytizing church doctrine.  I sincerely hope this pope is genuine about his focus on the poor.  Seeing all the wealth, fancy real estate, jewels, and treasures at Vatican City during the conclave made me realize just how much wealth the Catholic Church holds.  That could feed a lot of people and keep a lot of schools and parish churchs open.

Interesting.  I had heard he chose the name because as a child he admired that talking mule.

So, is he going to sell all the riches the Church has hoarded and give it to the poor?

I wonder if the Media will give this guy a chance before they go "Out of their way" to find or creat a scandalous story line for him... Oh! To late.

Headline should be "Pope Francis". Show more respect for the Pontiff.If only all heads of state were this humble and seemingly dedicated to the people. What a thought!

As a South American native, his fisherman's ring should depict a Chilean Sea Bass.

Isn't that partial? Pope Francis wants "Church for the poor" so how about the not so poor &amp; not so rich. He should come to U.S. and see that the poor get free food stamps, free housing, free health care &amp; welfare checks. That's the B.O. way, even he has personal food taster &amp; plays golf.

May God bless Pope Francis as he begins his walk in the shoes of St. Peter.

What a sweet and kind man Pope Francis is! May God bless him!

wow !  hopefully he stays a simple man of god many temptations hope he continues to speak out for the poor to remove excess from our lives and take care of our planet and the creatures that live within these are the true teachings of jesus

The Catholic Church is one of the world's oldest criminal organizations.

Wish he would take Traitor Obama by the neck and shake some sense into him!!!!!!

In the coming days and years, this new Pope is going to have a VERY distinct impact on the RCC.  Outwardly he is gentle, quiet and humble, but SPIRITUALLY, he is strong, proficient and effective.  He is just what the RCC needs at this time.  May God bless him!

If the Gospel of Jesus Christ cannot energize the churchs than nothing can.Awesome conclave vote! Pope Francis...I too will continue to pray for your hard work ahead in helping the poor of the poorest as well as a well needed reform of the Roman Catholic Faith...with some Jesuit education and years of leadership, the WILL of God be done! AMEND.

This man is just like the entire world who are Christians...A sinner saved by grace....Not holy, , not Good, Jesus said, only God is Good, or holy....

Pope Francis has gotten off to a good start!  HE has a good face.

Well the Church certainly has a ton of wealth to help out the poor.

The first page of comments had nothing but love, respect, admiration and HOPE . . .and the comments got some THUMBS DOWN????; hard to believe that the world has so many of these sickos.

"A poor church"?  Don't hold your breath.

He chose the name with the help of a disembodied voice. Not the high-pitched voice of God, but an even higher one almost like the voice one would imagine a squirrel sounding like if it could fake an exaggerated form Italian.

The new holy father is starting off right-win the press over!

Finally a pope who wants the "church to be poor, and for the poor". I'm not in the faith anymore, because of my own spiritual journey. But I think his attitude and common sense approach is very much needed. Jesus overturned the market stalls setup in the synagogues because he felt they should be places of worship not places of business. The Catholic church needs to remember that too. I hope Pope Francis has enough time on Earth to make a real difference.

I hope world leaders learn from his example........and that he himself would like to see "a poor church and a church for the poor."That claim alone will enrage the Vatican who PRIDE themselves with luxury and grandeur, As far as a "church for the poor" I suppose they're willing to throw something up like that. Maybe They'll get a man like Tezel.Tetzel, whose German name is Johann, was given the task of raising money for the building of St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. He was exceptionally good at it, and his claims for the effect of indulgences were exceptionally extreme and superstitious.He's famous for this claim:As soon as the gold in the casket rings; the rescued soul to heaven springs[So wie das Geld im Kasten klingt; die Seele aus dem Fegfeuer springt]Johann/John Tetzel, salesman of indulgences that aroused Luther's ireAccording to the Roman Catholics, when God forgives, there are some sins for which he remits only the eternal punishment. There is still "temporal punishment" that must be endured, and if it is not endured in this lifetime, then it must be endured in purgatory.Through the giving of indulgences, the Roman Catholic Church can shorten that punishment, whether on earth or in purgatory.To this day, even the Roman Catholic Church condemns his extreme claims. The Catholic Encyclopedia, which STILL supports indulgences as Christian doctrine.

THIS ELECTION AFFECTS CATHOLICS ALL AROUND THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I like him.

he will do wonderful work

The pious of the Catholic faith are some of the most wonderful people alive today on the planet.  There is no question of that nor thier tremendous spiritual life.But, however....when the Vatican so 'illumined' ones places a Jesuit at the head of the Papacy?That's where I come in.

So far he's putting the 'Christ' back in 'Christian'.

amazing isn't it?  one does not hear of The Christian Community who celebrates the Eucarist and vests Priests both women and men and further celebrates the 7 sacrements.why?The Christian Community of North America. google that.And enter one of the most powerful embodiments of men on earth today.  Remember it is not the size and popularity.  There were only 12 desciples.

In the search for Peace, will he embrace the Iranians?

That one of these "holy" men would suggest the name Clement XV as revenge is sinful and indicative of the fact that these cardinals are, after all, human beings.

I already know that I will like this Pope. He has such a pleasing smile , he will relate to people all over the world. May god bless him and guide him to a better unified church.They could not have picked a better man for the Catholic Church, You rock Pope Francis!

Christians were once Jewish. It's history. read it.

Priest can`t marry until birth control is allowed and they do know this, so i do hope r new Pope allows these changes  happy Priests   happy parishes!!! It can be a very lonely life without some human love from a good wife  if that is what they want !  After all r first Pope Peter, was married~~ask why the change ~~ a means of control ~~~?????? I think so! So lets get w it fellows and follow Jesus, and change this important issue in r Catholic Church!

People...be very careful. He's a Jesuit. If you know anything about the Jesuits then you would know what i mean. If you don't then educate yourself. Again, be very careful...wolf in sheep's clothing. He was chosen on 3 3 13...= 6 if you sum the duplicate #s. He's the 1st Jesuit in about 200 years?...humm interesting. Guess who was the very 1st Loyola. Guess who Loyola wanted to be...Francis. Interesting how this man chosed St. Francis.  Lastly, interesting again, that he happens to be the 2 6 6 Pope!  hummm.

your catholic priests simply sodomize young boys, which is why they become priests to begin with.  if you truly believed in Jesus, then you would be sicked by these pedopheliacs.  but you're not because you're blasphemus simpletons who endorse child abuse.

I wish to send the pope my warmest reguards in his journey.I do hope you remember all of gods children not just the poor.And please remember the church needs to except all of us

i believe that pope Francis is saying and doning all the right things so far, i also beleive that we will never know the true reason why pope benedict stepped down, one can only speculate that there were many pressure filled issues that he wasnt capable of dealing with , one being rampant sexual abuse among preists . i pray pope francis makes the sex abuse a top priority because this cannot happen again and i hope and pray he uses an iron fist what ever that means to combat that. that one issue alone has forever damaged the catholic church

I'm doing just fine not believing in god .

Live Long &amp; Prosper Francis

This is assuarance that God is still us. Before now, looks like evil is priding itself over good. Thank God for an understanding pope.hope he didn't go to the same "charm" school as obama

BS,The church takes money from the poor.  Look at the splendor and riches the Poope and Church leaders live with.   It's a Business and a successful one.  Scare the Dumb Sheep with talk of Hellfire and Brimstone and they will give you money.  It's the same with all Religions."Shear the Sheep and Live Well."

A poor church, no problem, give the money to the poor and that will solve both problems! Oh I forgot, it is a church whose pews are filled with the poor extending their last dollars to be blessed. Sigh.

This man washed the feet of recovering addicts in the slums of Argentina.  His namesake wrote this:Lord, make me an instrument of your peace.Where there is hatred, let me sow love;where there is injury,pardon;where there is doubt, faith;where there is despair, hope;where there is darkness, light;and where there is sadness, joy.O Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seekto be consoled as to console;to be understood as to understand;to be loved as to love.For it is in giving that we receive;it is in pardoning that we are pardoned;and it is in dying that we are born to eternal life. AmenI am not Catholic, but this pope has touched my heart with his humility.

Well I was watching t.v. last nightand this old movie came on.  It was called Francis the Talking Mule , and I says to myself hmmnnn

I figured it was for Francis "Frank" Sinatra.

"Bubba" was already taken.

I would have preferred Pope Colbert the first. Its a shame that Stephen was overlooked.

God bless our Pope to continue to have humility! Matthew 20:28-For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many."

I'm not Catholic and I usually ridicule all of the hoopa associated with it, but I must say that this new Pope seems like a pretty decent guy - unlike his predecessor with all of his Third Reich ties.My thought are simple,  I hope He does a good job I hope he continues his life of publicJustice which means helping the poor , I hope He is really a good man and does not put things under the rug like other popes before him     If they commit a crime they are turned overto the Law of the country for trial.  We need some one really good  No a lip service pope

If he takes the name of Asisi, cares about the poor, and blesses dogs, he will be a great Pope!

He spoke out in Argentina against allowing same-sex couples to adopt.More than 3000 children sleep on the streets of Buenos Aires alone each night by conservative estimates subject to abuse sexual and otherwise. Yet this man, now the new Pope, says it would be discrimination against these children to allow them to be adopted by a loving gay couple. What does that tell you about this man?Bergoglio's own statements proved church officials knew from early on that the junta was torturing and killing its citizens, and yet he publicly endorsed the dictators.Bergoglio twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse to appear in open court. When he eventually did testify in 2010, his answers were evasive, human rights attorney Myriam Bregman said.At least two cases directly involved Bergoglio, who ran Argentina's Jesuit order during the dictatorship.One examined the torture of two of his Jesuit priests — Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics — who were kidnapped in 1976 from the slums where they advocated liberation theology, which is the belief that Jesus Christ's teachings justify fights against social injustices.Bergoglio effectively handed them over to the death squads by declining to tell the regime that he endorsed their work.

I can see three great areas of need that he seemed to address. The helping of the poor (social justice). Preventing and ending needless war (peace advocacy). And taking care of our planet and the environment (care of creation).

Hope he's not good with children.

Does the Pope speak any English?  If so I would like to hear it.

I hope the church doesnt corrupt him

"a poor church and a church for the poor."? is that anything like what obummer is doing here: a poor country and a country for the poor?

What I like about St Francis is that he was concerned about animals, but I suppose that's too much to hope for in a Pope.

God Bless this man of God, our Pope. May the Holy Spirit take dominion over Him and use Him to lead us to a deeper relationship with Christ. We all have a part to play too. May God help us to become assests to the World and not become liabilities to our World. AmenTHIS #$%$ IS SO FREAKY.

I'm really looking forward to more Franciscan charism in the world! I hope Pope Francis can help everyone view the Catholic Church for the good and not the bad.

...and in other ''NEWS'' -- THIS CLOWN WIPED HIS A(S)(S) TODAY

I think that Rome may have "caught lightning in a bottle" with Pope Francis --- I'm not Catholic, but *love* what His Holiness has to say, and how he says it, so far! :-D

Is he reminiscent of the Pope in "The Shoes of the Fisherman'? Hope so!

With Pope Francis we turn the page gladly and begin a fresh new chapter in the long life of the Church, a life which unfortunately has focused too much on power, and we do not need to be reminded about how power corrupts.  Pope Francis brings a refreshing point of view on what he sees as the new mission of today's church.  I resonate to his term, "a poor church, devoted to the needs of the poor."  He is not speaking of some marginal, indigent, minority underclass when he speaks of the poor.  He is addressing the needs of the majority of the world's population which happens to be brown and wondering for the most part where this evening's supper will come from.  Leave it to a humble bishop from Latin America to open the eyes of the rich industrial nations to this fact, those with the gleaming towers of glass and steel whose occupants' hard physical labor consists of clicking on qwert keyboards as they foster the expansion of global corporate hegemony.  I and many others look forward to supporting our new Holy 'Father as he and 2+ billion Catholic followers together write this next chapter.

this guy has a good sense of humor

Yes. the church has had troubles and thisi Pope has not closed his eyes, lets hope that continues

Jesus didn't need a pope.cultA religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false, with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian, charismatic leader.

Evil will have an extremely difficult years ahead thanks to this man of God. God bless this pope and all religious leaders who fight for truth and justice for all mankind!inhumane politics...THE INQUISITIONS

inhumane politics...THE CRUSADES

Hopefully, Pope Francis brings peace to the whole world, in which human would love human regardless of rich or poor.

I smell a political rat...

God has broght Pope Francis at a time for the poor to be helped. Welcome pope and I ask God to shower you with direction and His spirit.

I applaud his apparent humility and focus on the poor.  I disagree with his archconservative social policies.  That said, he seems, so far, to be an improvement from the last pope who was just too complicit in the child abuse cover-ups.  He needs to show some respect for American nuns.

Long live pope Francis 1 . We are proud of you . May God give you grace ,wisdom , humility and peace of mind to do His work. Jude from Enugu ,Nigeria .

Fraud and cult.Jesus never chose a name like these counterfeits.

I hope this Pope can restore some decency and honesty in the Church.  For too long there has been too much hypocrisy in Vatican City and we Catholics have found it difficult to have much respect for the church leaders.  The Roman Catholic Church is one of the wealthiest organizations in the world...more funding needs to spread to the local parishes and catholic schools.  Rather than covering up for pedophiles in the priesthood, the Church should be the leader in identifying them and getting them out.

How is this relevant to the Christian mission on earth?If I were ever elected Pope, which is extremely unlikely, I would want to be Pope Frankenstein.

Pope Francis is the real deal!! God help him....

"the rumors are indeed true, wolves have entered our flock, and there they bear theyre young, but know this, i am no sheep, for i am a noble lion whos paws are armed with claws that will one day rest on the chests of the one eyed wolves."

GOD Bless the POPE

Screw the poor!  I am tired of supporting them.

He mostly chose Francis because the name PRINCESS GLITTERPANTS was already taken...

"The church exists to communicate this: truth, goodness and beauty personified. We are all called not to communicate ourselves, but this essential trio."Right on, Francis, right on!i'm liking this guy.

Just call him Frank for short.

All of you with your negative comments are not church goers, of course. There is no charity in you only hate. May God give you Peace and wisdom.

That will be quite a lunch: a former Nazi and the man who grew up in the country where many of the nazi war criminals fled after the war. I'm sure they'll have a big time playing "whatever happened to  old......"i hope that he will follow the way of Saint Francis of Assisi.

This Pope appears to be setting the stage for an interesting tenure.

I like his thought that we are to communicate truth, beauty and goodness!

Any comment agains't the thinking of the liberal press which yahoo is chief brainwasher will be stricken from the blog ,but kept on their secret file for the gestapo .

This is a screcret society just like scull and bones,only bigger and much more wealthy.

So the Cardnial who helped this Pope gain his title came out recently to the BBC and said that "Pedophilia is not a crime." Now we know why the Vatican did nothing to stop the molestation and rape of little, innocent children. They should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. These twisted men are destroying the Catholic Church.

Pope Francis has picked a wonderful role model in St. Francis of Assissi.  Humility, kindness, love are prominent qualities of St. Francis.  I pray that the Pope can immitate him well.  God bless Pope Francis.

To tell the truth I can't find anywhere in the Bible where God gave the pope the authority to forgive sins or any other thing. But I find in the Bible where it is written call no man father for you have one Father in Heaven. Then it is written call no man priest for you have one Priest in Heaven. Go to Christ to have your sins forgiven. He was the one who died for you. Not the pope. Read the writings of the popes and cardinials. One wrote if you want to obey the Bible then join the Seventh Day Adventist. When I read this I was shocked that the catholic church would even admit this. well I guess the time is short so people what side are you on? The Bible's side or the pope's side.

♪"His name was McGill ... and he called himself Lil"♩♪"But everyone knew him as Nancy ..."♬

one mention of takeing away the churches gold and silver as well as their $4000 clown outfits and he will suffer the same fate as John Paul the 1 st. Gold silver and opulance must come before Jesus in the eyes of the RCC.Francis the talking mule was smart and funny just the same

Hey-a I just-a flew in-a from-a Buenos Aires, and-a Boy are my arms-a tired.No, but seriously folks, I said I wanted to speak to the Boss and they put me in front of this mirror

it is so great to see a good decent man for the people ...pope francis of argentina !!  our president obama is a disgrace to all humanity !!! liar...finger pointer...cover up artist.... thief ....arrogant liar...rotten to the core...horrible example for americans !!!!!

most important thing-  Gods work is being done

The Longest running institution in history just showed the world who's boss.  Nothing beats the Papacy!!

The Catholic Church was an old decadent religion before it was ever 'imported' over here to Amierca.The only two truely American Christian founded religions are the Church of Scientology and the Quakers.Then there came a man who in 1922 made a tremendous sacrifice to bring down a new dispensation which celebrates the 7 sacrements......wherein women can become Priests and understands the mysteries and esoteric principles of Christianity.The Christian Community of North America whose Seminary is in Stuttgart Germany

Maybe Pope Francis can counsel Joe Biden on his views on same sex marriage and abortion which are against Catholic doctrine. How Biden can call himself a Catholic is beyond me.

I thought it was because he new last name is Nextospain.

The first Church to be awoken in the Apocolypse my friends was done so in 1922/  The Church of Ephesus

jesus christ, just admit that you thought of it after a nice long pooThis pope reminds me of JP I.

Lighten up Francis.

Let's all pray that Joe Biden keeps his mouth shut and not make a fool of himself and the USA on Tuesday!

Just as catholic priests did before him in remaining silent on the #$%$, this pope kept his mouth shut when the dictator in his homeland was jailing folks.catholics deserve to be ashamed of the past of their church and it's violent history.  Not unlike the mu$$lims

Jesus said the poor you will always have.It is good to help the poor up, but there are may who have settled for poverty.

Look up 'priest child molestation 2012' and see the tons of stories of this epic sickness.

Has this man remained a virgin for 68 years? That's a very strange thing.

Why does this guy look like a crime boss?? Carlo Gambino comes to mind. Time will tell.

Obama is a Muslim so he dosent care who is pope,hes arrogant thinks hes a god in his own mind,but now the real god will punish him for his sins tyranny to we the people obama wants in allah we trust on money,one nation under mohamed in anthem, impeach skum

This is man is a Saint.If the "pope" is supposedly the vicar of Christ or the earthly representation of Christ then there should be some similarities. While on earth Jesus dressed like a common man and had nowhere to lay his head. The pope is always in regal apparel and commands the wealthiest institution on the planet. Jesus tirelessly served the multitudes, the pope is waited on hand and foot. Jesus deferred all worship to the Father even though He was God in the flesh, the pope gladly accepts the worship of millions even though he is a sinful man. Jesus said that only God is holy and to call no man father, the pope gladly accepts the title of "holy father". Nowhere in the Bible is the "papacy" found, catholicism twists the scripture in Matthew in an attempt to justify it but there is nothing in the Bible supporting a "papacy".

Only took hundreds of millions in pay outs to victims to establish a poor church...check...check.I guess to save face we're going to reduce the spending on dresses for bishops?  Work more towards Jesus' teachings after only, what?  2000 years?

Maybe among the spanish speaking, he will be affectionately known as Papa Paco!!

roman catholics have a new leader,christians have GOD and no need for corrupt evil cults to act as if the were a god.

they must be hiding some monstrous new thing they have done.

I hope he will be like John Paul II who did much for the church. With all the atrocities the Catholic church has perpetrated over the centuries in the name of religion he has a chance to undo a lot of that.

This is the point where the corporate news media will start to ignore the pope.....because the pope says...."don't forget about the poor"......there is no place on TV for this sort of stuff.....it's all BS though...they only care about the poor if the poor care about becoming Catholics....

Stop living off of someone's else story and create your own.  Invite someone off the streets to live in the vatican and feed them, clothe them,  tend to their wounds and you will make a greater impact on the people then all popes that proceeded you.

"He added 'a blessing for the dog too' and bent down to bless it."Dogs don't believe in God. The fact that DOG and GOD go opposite ways show it clearly. Blessing means nothing to them.

It's amazing that a man so down to Earth seems to be moving is spheres so close to Heaven.God bless this Pope.  We can only hope that our elected leader- Mr. Obama  takes a lesson from this man.  A little humility and personal responsibility would be so refreshing if Obama stop sticking his nose in the air,  and look around.

Forget this man.  After WW 1 in 1919/20 a group of the most respected people in Europe convened to discern on why World War one happened.The last to speak was Dr. Rudolph Steiner. Who was the last Christian Rosecrutian Initiate of the 19th century.After he spoke he was approached by some 14 catholic priests and 9 Lutheran ministers and asked to bring down a new dispensation or renewal of the sacraments.At the turn of the 19th century the most respected and known Lutheran Minister was ?The Christian Community (German: Die Christengemeinschaft) is a Christian denomination. It was founded in 1922 in Switzerland by a group of mainly Lutheran theologians and ministers led by Friedrich Rittelmeyer

No charm will save poor Pope Francis from the vicious, critical , sadistic, sensationalist, speculative , accusative, news media. . The accursed new media criticized wrongly or rightly everything the Roman Catholic Church and papacy did in the past based on a obsessed, fixated policy to destroy ! Everything and anything that the news media must not be consumed as truth or propaganda but must be accepted with hesitation with further research to verity  if the reports are truthful because in the past the news media has had a habit of reporting lying unsubstantial news stories !

big thumbs up for the name, "St. Francis of Assisi" has always been one of my favorite saints.Thumbs down, for no contraceptives, no "union" for gays.I am NOT gay, but I don't think that gays "chose" to be.My prayers go with him, he has a huge mess that NEEDS to be cleaned up."transparency" is a HUGE word for him. The church needs it, and we deserve it. I have worked with Bishops over the years, and that is not a word I would use with any of them.I know that there have to be SOME good ones out there, Arrogance, and misogynists describes them better. My mother and I ran a business together, the local Bishop, and his "underling?",refused to talk or deal with her. She was a "woman". ?  So was the Madonna !Catholic for 64 years.

Any one else tired of the news coverage of this.

"He himself would like to see "a poor church and a church for the poor." EASY!  Sell ALL Vatican assets!  Divide the gained wealth among Third World Countries and other poors around the World including the USA!  The world's happiness will be overwhelming!!!

God Bless our new Pope for explaining that christianity is not a political institution.

Okay people. Here we go again. The SECOND an elected pope supports gay marriage, abortion, contraception, and women priests he will be declared an anti-pope. I know this is difficult to grasp for many of you because you don't believe that there are some things that the church CANNOT change. I could sit here and try to explain things more thoroughly but I don't think it would help. Now...you want a married priesthood? That CAN change but only for MEN already married. And their family/marital obligations would prevent them from becoming a bishop or cardinal, let alone pope.

Pray for the Pope and God bless him!

black pope general of the jesuits adolfo nicolas is really in charge. the name st francis was chosen in honor of ignatius of loyola who admired francis of assissi. jesuits will use any kind of force necessary to promote roman catholicism.This Man of God may actually heal the Catholic Church!

Just another criminal pervert in a dress and a funny hat.

I though it was to honor a talking mule.

And if St. Francis were alive today he would also say don't forget the poor and their need for birth control and support the priests fighting for revoutionary theology against right wing military goverments keeping the poverty alive in South America and in other parts of the world....."Courage" Christ died on the cross fighting for the poor and suppression.....

next he'll have them over for dinner,then a sleepover,..............

i deeply appreciate the making of a new pope...he is one we can look up to.

I see the head pedophile is enjoying his nice big comfy throne at pedophile HQ. Did that dictator pay you in little boys to keep quiet about murdering innocent people?

Why not use your own name George.....but Obama did the same.  LOL

''Remember THE POOR -- Forget THE ABUSED CHILDREN''

Just me -- i have faith -- i have faith this satanic cult will soon be a thing of the pastlong live,pope francis I, God be with you,may you lead us well!

If the Catholic church is your way to Christ, then that is a good thing. I shall not judge anyone. I'm only sharing my beliefs that was installed in my heart by the Holy Spirit.

I'm really like this guy .God bless him.

Forgive me for all the words and especially the name of Jesus for not making them capitols , i tried to type w all caps. but it did`nt work  Like God and Christ Jesus, i was not being desrespectful  thank u and sry

it was either pope peepy or pope pee pee?

I have heard talks of him being the last pope, that he is Petrus Romanus. I found this "He also sees significance in Bergoglio naming himself after Francis of Assisi, an Italian, or Roman, priest whose original name was Francesco di Pietro (Peter) di Bernardone, “literally, Peter the Roman.” How does one take that? And if this is so, we are all in a lot of trouble!

THANK U JESUS 4 D GIFT OF POPE FRANCIS 1. IT'S D LORD'S DOING &amp; A MARVEL IN OUR SIGHT. SHALOM LEKA!

"Francis" - he must be the first. I don't find a Francis in the names of the Anti-Popes or "Black" popes.  He seems sprightly, energetically possessed to spread tenants of St. Francis of Assisi. A man of "Nature" and naturalness. Allowing the "flow" of Nature to BE of God's design. Thus, gay marriage and free condoms doesn't take into account Francis of Assisi's penchant for allowing nature - as God has Willed it - into account of these constructs of God. St. Peter - his time with Jesus - The Son of God - saw to the "pleasures" of the rich around him and prayed for enlightenment himself. Applying the doctrine - from the New Testament - for those who came out in public to share in "The Three" and take succor from His life. Christians STILL met with degradations and scorn then. The Heirarchy - for the multitudes of the "Poor" - seems Hell bent on destroying that which has been intelligently grown inside The Church - and of all the energy expended to maintain the Power over those unable to read Scripture with MORE than just their minds - tempering it with their hearts - Pope Francis has already stood in mock of Assisi. The Vatican, holding Assisi up as a potential heretic in consular aegis seems to confirm itself with propaganda today. Read the works of Francis of Assisi and then - with heart AND mind, - decide

The church has been down so long now that everything looks like up to them, just because one man was changed.................you truly are a sorry lot of naive, gullible sheep!

God Bless Pope Francis!!! We need more leaders like him in all areas of the world. I really believe he takes God's great commandment to heart!!!Why all this fuss about a fat old fart ?

Long live pope francis

The church of Rome has shed more innocent blood than any other institution! Influence of the Spirit of Rationalism in Europe. Vol. 2, page 32. 1910 Edition)

Jesuits are the  Roman Catholic church's henchmen.

GOD BLESS our POPE.

Da pope say "nope, we not gonna sell off our riches to help da poor. we get most of our monies from da poor an we give some of it back to them but we keep most of it. Hey', Giovani, we Italianos, we have mafia in da blood, baby!"

I am not Catholic, but I see and feel something very special about this Pope.

he got loads of things upfront. but i want to see a closer look of what his views on birth control and gay marriages.

I am so happy we finally have a new pope in what was about a month without one.i am happy he chose the name francis and is a pope for the poor.Their are so many poor people within the world these days.to have a pope who is here to help the poor is a blessing in itself. Sherri Bernal Raton,NM

Noah saved his family from destruction by listening to God... and the first thing he did on coming out of the Ark was to build a alter...to you all go and do likewise...and let your words be character building.If Bergoglio doesn't have the church come clean about their Pedophile Priest scandal and really deal with it (unlike Ratzinger, who just pushed it under the rug), he will preside over the continued rapid decline of Catholicism.

There's no need to reform the church. The church was already reformed 500 years ago by Martin Luther, John Calvin, and the Puritans."We know that a person is not justified by works of the law, but through faith in Jesus Christ, so we also have believed in Christ Jesus, in order to be justified by faith in Christ and not by works of the law, because by works of the law no one will be justified...I do not nullify the grace of God, for if righteousness were through the law, then Christ died for nothing!"-Galatians 2

Of course he 'Turned On The Charm'...he's an Obama fan.

I told ya JESUITS.............if I get an ankle bite hold on ya...Im a pit bull and won't let go.  The Vatican just stepped  on their doogun ............putting a Jesuit as Pope.

you know............the Church of Christian Science.......who do not suscribe to big pharma to cure sicknesses.

Ignatious Loyola a founding member of the Society of Jesus ( Jesuit) was a member of the Illumbrados.  ( Illuminati)

Does this mean we've gone from God's Rottweiller to God's Dogo?

Give the media a little time and they will research and find some trash on his grandmother. I can only imagine what a nightmare for his press secretary. This is 2013 and he will have a morning press conference. He's going to have to change the laws and let these priest marry, so the nuns will not have to make so many visits to the holy water.

My favorite part of the story..."He added 'a blessing for the dog too' and bent down to bless it."

I am a protestant and yet I see a true man of God deserving of support. I pray God will gide him.There is no basis for this appointment in the Bible.Men honor men when we should give that worship to God only.It is bible law!

He sounds cool,  maybe ill turn Catholic

The pope needs to clean house in the vatican.That will show the christians that he means business.

The last pope looked scary to me I didnt follow him much. This Pope seems kind and I know if the Antichrist comes into power he will fight him.

Other than 1+ billion catholic sheep, who gives a flying #$%$? Need I say more?

Problem with 'helping the poor' is.....helping should not mean handouts. THAT does not help but only suppresses and encourages poverty. What the 'poor' need is a hand UP!!PLEASE do not attack me and call me names or accuse me of not understanding.. I have 'been there, done that'. My husband decided to leave with a 10th GRADE drop out while we had 2 small children.......my response..I gave him his divorce and paid my way through nursing school to earn an RN BSN.No, I have no loans because what I borrowed...I paid back.PLEASE do not tell you YOU cannot give yourself a hand up.That is a lie.

Have a hard time trusting the catholic church - sincerely hope he is a good guy

inhumane politics...CHILD MOLESTATIONS

Professor John Robinson of Edinburgh Scotland wrote George Washington sending him his book 'Proofs of A Conspiracy' to which the President responded..."I am well aware of the Illuminati's presence in America and their diabolical intentions"Library of Congress and John Robinsons book on google search.

** The poor you will always have with you. Mat 26:11And in our pontificate, we will keep it that way.Yes. . .my children. . .caring for the poor and simple. . .we must keep them breeding and ignorant. . .only through hyperpopulation can more souls be won. . .and die in want and misery. . .for suffering is good. . .but a wretched death is better.Remember, widows. . .keep those mites rolling in. . .we've got a lot of morality policing to fund. . .and kids to fondle.Amen.how audatious! lol The Francisans battled the Jesuits.  St Francis must be turning over in his grave.The founder of the Jesuit Order was also a member of the Illumbrose  ( Illuminati)ABRAHAM LINCONLN  said...." The American Civil War (1861-1865) would have never been possible without the sinister influence of the Jesuits"

a good start and first impression....please keep the promises, and things will improve in the church

Pope Francis appears to be a true blessing to the church. I hope and pray that, with God's help, he accomplishes great things for us.

"turns on the charm"...uh?  I don't get it?  You idiots in the "main street press" have no idea whats coming.  I can't wait!  Michael's strength to you, Pope Francis!

And now, here he is, folks, the Pontiff you will love, the guy who will make you forget all about all of the bad stuff we've done for decades...hey, OK, centuries...but let's not dwell on the past, the recent past, or the present...here he is, the guy who will put a great face on it all, Frank the First.Thanks, Remo.  I just flew in from Vatican City, and boy are my arms tired.  Big hand for the waiters - be sure to give the veal a try.  But seriously, folks...

How did he choose his name?Eenie Meenie Miney Moe.......

Cadavre obidience. Rikey manimals.

It used to be that non-believers would keep their atheism to themselves. Quietly, unassumingly living their lives and not trying to disrupt or destroy the lives of people with faith. Now, they push their atheism as if IT were a religion. They TRY to dismantle faith and religion, which is an attempt on their part to destroy people's lives. Why do they do this? It is through liberalism, which is the tool of Satan. Liberals are minions of the devil. It simply is evil.

This pope is a Jesuit. Historians and Bible scholars who actually do their research remember that it was the JESUITS WHO PERSECUTED, TORTURED AND MURDERED  MILLIONS of Christians who refused to bow to the pope or give up observing the true Sabbath (Saturday) that God commanded us to keep as His holy day. Sunday is a PAGAN day devoted to the sun god. The Catholic church boasts that they changed the day from Saturday to Sunday but there is nothing in scriptures that said God wanted His holy day changed to Sunday even though Jesus rose from the grave on the first day of the week. Remember that on "Easter" -named after the pagan goddess Ishtar. God told His people to "COME OUT OF HER" (the Catholic church) symbolized as the harlot in Revelation.

wow , a pope who doesn't think he is god , what a change for the church , great selectionDon't leave your children alone with a priest, just some good advice.

A bishop once said to me,"May you walk in the light", so I became a pole dancer.

If you don't know about the jesuits, you might want to start learning....

The church will always be there. May the Almighty God bless his new beginning.

Pope has been a joke since the reformation.

Exactly what is a poor church???

its so wonderful to see a Pope following more in the footsteps of Jesus.  This is what Christianity is supposed to mean!

I don't suppose the new Pope deigned to take any questions from any of the thousands of journalists present. You know, questions like, "Why didn't you denounce the Argentinian government during the Dirty War?" Oh, and here's another one concerning the Jesuits' (of which he is one) Rule 13 which states: "... we ought always to hold that the white which I see, is black, if the Hierarchical Church so decides it..." The question being: "How much should I trust a man who would deny (that is, lie about) his own powers of observation (and therefore, by implication, his own God-given free will) by calling white black simply because the Church 'so decides it?'"This new Pope is obviously not only a liar but he wallows in that trait.

Maybe he is gay.

There seems to be an illusion on the part of many that the Pope can simply change anything he wants. The pope cannot change the words in the Bible and if the Bible states that homosexuality is a sin then that is what it is. There are many sins pointed out in the Bible including stealing. Of course, someone pointing these things out in the Bible becomes very inconvenient for the person that steals but too bad.he is the one

needs to get the pervs out...

The real problem for the Catholic Chruch at this time in history is its organizational structure. Monarchies simply don't work very well and are subject to intrigue and manipulation from all sides. The first thing this pope should do is begin a thorough overhall of the Roman Curia. But I don't think he'sll be able to do it. Also he is an insider, so maybe it's wishful thinking on my part.

Yes, Baptism is forever a mark on the soul, but our lives reflect another reality.  We have free will to mold lives that will end in an eternal judgement.  God, bless us all!

It would do good for the Pope to remind his Vatican Intelligencia that all people are children of God and for them not to be greedy taking women's lives for Catholic men and women in foreign Catholic Intelligencia....in other words I dont like my life having been endangered for the Catholic men in intelligencia....if you the USA want to use foreign people in intelligencia dont kill off Americans to pay them off.  The Catholic church and the new pope need to also remind themselves that they are not legal punishers of people ...that the Church should adhere to the rule of law...something they have often not done.

this is a humble man

After all the hoopla is over with........take notice, he didn't become pope by being a boy scout.

Turning on the charm, just like omama.  Only difference is, Francis isn't a communist in socialist clothing.

If He would tell the poor not to have so many kids, maybe they wouldn't be as poor, or as numerous.

Sounds, so far, that he is a decent man and lives up to the name of the saint who loved animalsHe will be the best of allGod bless him!

Wh**e of Babylon!

In Uganda where poverty would not reign if our leaders were as simple and humble- we look forward to Pope Francis to commemorate with the Namugongo and Paimol martyrs-His calenders permiting. If there was any surprise in our Church, I and Christine Otonga shall never forget.

so now he legally gets to freeball under that robe?

Pope Francis--the smiling Pope! Viva!  I like his concern about the poor...that's what Christ wants us to do...whatever things we do to the poor, we did it to Christ!  The poor is always in our midst; let us not turn our back to them!  The poor who have nothing are normally taken advantaged, used, and abused by those who are in power.  May Pope Francis shows the world an example on how to deal with the poor in our midst; just like Christ wants us to do!

This secular world needs a movement to convert the world as did St. Francis did. May Pope Francis do the same to change the world to become more virtuous and caring towards fellowman. When he was a   cardinal in Argentina he would celebrate  mass in the streets with the homeless and    prostitutes! The seagull on top of the  chimey was a sign from God! Viva il Papa!

When people go to church they don't question the validity of the Bible or the nature of the universe. They go to fit in their social sphere. Church is where culture is expressed and carried out in the form of art, music and friendship. I'm an atheist and I enjoy art, music and friendship without attending any church.

I had 21 years of RC education and could care less about him and the useless RC church.ret expat MD

@Nicole Winfield,,,the "writer" of the article. Your usage of "turns on the charm" is offensive when referring to this holy man. Get a life, girl.

Religion is for people who can't trust themselves to decide what is right and wrong and need someone else to tell them what is moral and righteous.  They can't come up with the own inspiration in life so they need to resort to a "higher power" to find motivation. Being a perfectly logical person, I really don't get it at all. Shows that people are totally nuts just like they were 2000 years ago.I already see the new Pope Francis as a holy person and I'm not even Catholic. He seems to have the Jesus Christ qualities. Awesome! I already like him.

thanks GOD For thegift of new pope.

Bingo Machine....Means Guy in a funny dress in Latin. People better had stop worshiping this human or there gonna end up in hell.

Why doesn't somebody go back and watch the Sean Connery movie, "The Name of the Rose."  I challenge you to find it.

this pope wants to turn me into a catholic.

A TRUE MAN OF GOD MAY THE MOST HIGH GOD GUIDE HIM

I like to see him visit the U.S.  We have a lot of people here that have lost their faith.  He can make a real difference.    What he needs is support?  Of course everyone is digging up dirt about his past now.

He is the right pope down to earth! This is the new era we thank God for giving us such a wonderful leader. i pray that he may do his duties well.

I had perceived since the resignation of Pope Benedict that the papasy will for the first time move out of Europe. Pope Francis becomes the answer. There is a divine message for all christians in this development. More changes are on the way. God bless the Pope.

I've got to say, I'm really liking what I see of this new Pope. Perhaps there is some hope for the Church yet.I would have chosen "IL" ...  then I would be PopeIL, just like the pasta maker.

This child molesting fraud did nothing while the Peron regimes tortured and disappeared dissidents.

I love that he also blessed the dog....now that is a person to respect.

Gog bless this man,lets pray for him so that he fullfil his promise to the poor

The Jesuit order is referred to as The Army of God  "God's Marines".  In times of stress and chaos it's always a smart decision to call in the Marine's ;) May God Bless You, and Guide you through the challenges ahead Papa.

Being raised Catholic,&amp; not having the ability to adhere to the very strict godly ways,My belief has always led me back to my Religion,I loved the mystic ideas &amp; images of Angels,the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus, Mary Mother of God,St Joseph for Family,St Jude for the Impossible,St Francis of Assisi,patron Saint of the poor &amp; love of all animals in creation. There are so many other Saints,just aquaint yourself &amp; I am sure 1 will come to your attention of Your Own Purpose &amp; Need.I will always consider my self a Catholic,as well as being able to ebrace all other Religions as well. Much Love &amp; Divine Prayer offered to our New Pope,May the Good Lord always guide him along the way.I am so Happy to see A Pope of "All" especially his devotion to the poor,which We are all taught to administer to.~+~

Amen to all these comments!  I, too, have a Jesuit education, and we know, first-hand, how strong, intelligent and caring these men are.  And as for the poor, Jesus Himself said to Judas, "The poor will always be with you."  The Church, through Catholic Charities and Catholic Social Services, does more for the poor in this country than any government program could ever do.  And the majority of those receiving help aren't Catholic.  That's the spirit of this true nation and The Church in the U.S.  I pray that Pope Francis' life and example will pervade the world, at least as much as that of Pope John Paul II.  He was the right man for the job at that time.  I think, as you , that Pope Francis is the right man for the job at THIS time.

that chair and cross can churn up some quick money for the poor.

Haters hate on...

if anyone calls me Francis...i'll kill yaThere is Millions of people in this World who need Religion....!  Because for them is a light at the end of the tunnel that will bring comfort ,peace and relief......!So allow this man to do his Job and stop all the anti Pope propaganda.........!

I was deeply disappointed that he didn't choose "Pope George Ringo" as his name.It seems so unfair that we've had 2 John Pauls, but not a single George Ringo yet.Maybe next time ...

I was born in Argentina, but I am an American by election and by heart. But also I am an atheist and I love this man already. Congratulations to all believers!!

praying for the pope and the holy church.

Everyone's a critic- except towards themselves,sigh.................................May God bless the new Pope, and the leaders of other Christian denominations.........................

I have spent many years going to protestant churches and yes while the catholic church has had some problems we should not forget that the same problems exist everywhere.  For example, sex abuse.  I was shocked to learn that sex abuse is a much bigger problem in Protestant churches The three biggest insurers of prtotestant churches released their report which states they receive between 100-260 reports of child sex absue per year. The insurers are the Church Mutual Insurance Company, the GuideOne Insurance Company and the Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company.  That would essentially be 260 protestant cases for every 9 catholic cases.  Just saying.  I was humbled by learning this.  Makes you wonder why the media is so selective in who they want to focus on.  The report was done by the associated press, so you can look it up and read the whole report.  Perhaps we need to recognize that sex abuse is a problem in our world, not just in any one church, business etc.

Should've picked Pope Woody, as he has an uncanny resemblence to Woody Allen.  Anyone else pick up on that?

God bless him please....some people hate him already.

"Oh how I would like a poor church and a church for the poor," Francis said, sighing..  Seems like and easy fix.....donate the vast riches of the Vatican.  Let's be honest....The Vatican is nothing more that the Bank of Rome.  That the true character.   Lets talk about a church burning millions at the stake and torturing millions of other (poor by the way).  I like to hear a Pope ask for a little forgiveness for those atrocities.   What a joke.  Keep following Sheeples

St. Francis of Assisi is known as the patron saint of animals and the environment so let's hope this new pope follows through with his namesake and that the survival of our species starts with the survival of our planet and it's inhabitants the animals!! I am not religious of spiritual at all but this guy seems like he has it all together .. for now.Some just cannot bear the thought that this is a shining moment for this man, Francis I, and a great day for the Church.  Blessings to you, Holy Father.

Salta,Argentina quaked the day John Paul 11 was buried on a Friday in April in 2005.It quaked a day before Francis was elected.Salta backwards spells................Atlas....the Greek God who held the weight of the world on his shoulders.

United States General Alexander Hagge was a student of Jesuit Priest?

He acts like someone died to give him life - humble!

I'd like to think that a whole bunch of people in the world "won" this selection.  First, our new Pope is of ITALIAN origins (parents were from Italy) yet he spent most of his formative years in Argentina (the Americas).  And, with his intelligence, good health, sense of humor and humility, we may be in for quite the surprise.  Let's give him some time to "breathe" in his new position before everyone jumps to any pre-ordained conclusions.  Fair enough??

Yes, some of us think like this.....there are many paths. I prefer off the beaten track. new discoveries. The future is full of surprises, even for YOU  conservative, republican, pro war anti abortionists.........1. There is no heaven or hell or limbo. Heaven or hell is now.2. Life is a one shot deal. One chance. Deal with it. Love it. Cherish it.3. All the hogwash about after life has kept millions in bondage, even the reincarnationists.4. Humans desperately need to feel there is more to all this, hence all the myths.5. You will see that there is nothing after this, just as there is nothing for a beautiful flower after it dies. It becomes dirt once again and other organisms sprout from that.6. Everything is connected, hence your and my individuality is only in this life time.7. We belong to everything and everything is us, but you will never be you again.8. You will be you again, but as part of everything and you will not remember this life time.9. Yes, life is a one shot deal, as being you here now, then you become something else without the memory of you now.10. Blend in a powerful blender organic apples, carrotes, bananas, rice milk, raw oatmeal, flax, pumpkin seeds and whatever else you choose and watch each individual ingredient become part of each other. Drink it, and believe that it is now YOU, a healthier YOU, part of nature/god, part of everything, and the truth shall set you free (or make you flee) to be a free thinker in no need of the herd any longer, and you can go anywhere on the planet and be the ALL.Sorry, I'm not on anything, just my healthy smoothie and me....................on Kauai, in Switzerland, in Mexico, in the USA.............ciao bambino, hasta luego, bye, later alligator, after awhile crocodile................(thumbs down mean nothing to me.)

I would have preferred he called himself "Paul". Don't know why. It just came to me out of nowhere.

WHO CARES.......

I to belive in this pope and  the catholic church need to get the church back on linethis sex thing has to be put to rest .I think god will take care of it  god bless the catholicsand GOD bless the catholic church .

Jesus told the man who asked Him how to inherit eternal life that in spite of all the commandments he had followed he had one more thing to do. That was to sell all that he had and give it to the poor and to follow Him (Jesus). The man turned and went away saddened because he had great wealth. (Mark 10:17-27) The Catholic has great wealth stored up in the form of gold, jewels, etc. If it is to become a poor church for the poor as Pope Francis desires, it must divest itself of it's wealth and give it to the poor. I hope that will happen.I applaud Benedict for the courage to step down. Maybe this is a trend that the Catholic church needs to start implimenting to keep things "fresh" and more in tune with the Creator.

This isn't the first time he's taken on a moniker.  When he was born, his middle name was di Petro.  He moved to Argentina but his parents were Italian.Oh, sneaky Malachy, I see what you did there

What the heck is going on here? What happened to the OLD church? Where are the OLD popes? The ones who built the Vatican?! What's all this nonsense about the POOR?!! When I was coming up the Church was about the CHURCH! Jesus was a device - but the Church was first and foremost. We need to get back to our ROOTS - and I don't mean Jesus and St. Peter.

to praY to marY and other saints is a pagan tradition not christian,popes are high priests for a evil roman cult.

If each middle lass and rich Catholic took care of one poor there might not be so much poverty in the world.Why rely on a corrupt, wealthy institution to do that? Just look at their surroundings; the "church" reeks of wealth. A total contradiction to what the carpenter talked about.

There will be No ''AWAKENING'' -- ONLY DESTRUCTION WHEN THIS WHO RE IS DESTROYED WHEN THE BEAST TURNS ON THIS HARLOT!!!

Religion is like a Man's Pee-Pee. It's okay to have one. It's even okay to be proud of it. But don't go waving it around in public, or try to cram it down everyone's Throat.

want the hairs on the back of your neck to rise? lolYou tubeWho infiltrated America pt 2 the Recruitment.

I will pray tonight--and for the upcoming years--that our Pope and our Society will work to stop Abortion, to stop gay marriage, and that we will all follow in Pope Francis' footsteps in leading a Christ-like life in which we sacrifice gluttony and immoral acts such as abortion.God bless our Church, our Society, and all those who do not believe in you--so that they learn to have hope by trusting you.

It's the right name....for the poor....that's how the catholic church keeps it members.....how many collections today father....I don't know a dozen of so.  The church takes your money and gives nothing back...except maybe pie in the skyFrancis, check out yahoo.  Read stories about you then read the comments.  Catholic leaders have left you with very little respect as Pope.  They did this to themselves and to you.  You have a long way to go to fix this.  What a mess.  Good luck to you.  God bless you.

Adolph and Juan Peron already had been used and were considered 'too trendy'.

Stop calling this cult a church.

I was liking this guy until his damning comments about gays and birth control...oh well, this is a dying religion anyway...

This is as good a place as any to say - Marriage is between a male and a female - anything else to get the tax and other benefits for same sex couples should be called a civil contract. Please note the major benifit of a marrige are tax and other benifits So call their official living together a legal contract and give them the civil legal benefits they want - keep the word for the cantract between male and female marriage.

People act like this man is God for petes sake he isn't by any strech minds are as brainwashed as the democrats.

I didn't know God was poor. If Jesus was "poor" how did he manage a staff of twelve and their families. It is also recorded that Judas was treasurer and was stealing money from the ministry!  If God loved poverty, He would live in it and wouldn't have gold treated like asphalt !

The LIBERALS ARE AT THEIR BEST ALWAYS KNOCKING SOMEONE THEY DO NOT KNOW!!!!Just because DICTATOR Obama and ALL THE REST OF THE FOLLOWERS, the far left news do not or will not say anything good about a GOOD PERSON ESPECIALLY A CATHOLIC!!!  An my eyes! THIS #$%$ BAG Biden should NOT BE GOING TO THIS HOLY MANS INSTALLATION ON TUESDAY!!!!

Pope Francis the first.For so many choir boys he was.

It seems that the news media believes they are privileged , they have a very warped concept or opinion of themselves !It seems that the news media believes they are privileged , they have a very warped concept or opinion of themselves !

To what nation have you pledged allegiance? I asked the 'official' who was wearing a uniform without a flag.He said, He pledged allegiance to the "major", because he was the one who signed his paycheck.So, I said, I do not recognize your authority.

Folks...let me tell you this Pope will be: He will be in charge when the economic worldwide meltdown begins. A New Order will be place, and guess who will be called to handle the 1 world currency? Yep, you got it: the Vatican.

don't think for one minute that the issue surrounding pedophiles isn't happening in the protestant community.  they just haven't been caught yet.

May Jesus guide Pope Francis and the Church in the right direction.

Look! He is so young he can actually sit in a chair!

He has to keep his balls full of holy oil.

"A poor church and a church for the poor"...He is in big risk to be killed as they did to Albino Luciani, aka Pope John Paul I for have said similar words...taken from IN GOD'S NAME David A. Yallop book, An Investigation Into the MURDER of Pope John Paul I.

I believe that St. Francis of Assisi is also the patron saint of animals. God bless our new Pope for taking the moment to bless that reporter's dog.  For this, and other reasons, he sounds like a wonderful, humble man, who will support the teachings of Jesus Christ. And I am not a Christian, either.

I am liking Pope Francis I more each time I read about him. I always liked St.Francis of Assisi,especially for his poetry. I used to attend St.Matthew's Cathedral in D.C. At the Cathedral there is a chapel devoted to St. Francis. Ther his poems are etched in stone. Inspiring. Beautiful.Any leader who, like Jesus Christ, favors the poor, is an excellent human being in my book.The choice of the name Francis is NOT inspired by San Francesco di Assisi, as all the news-services all over the world want to make us belief. A Jesuit never would honor the name of the founder of the Francescan Order; sorry, no hope for peace and understanding of the poor from this side. The name-choice rather was inspired by San Francisco de Xavier, co-founder with Ignacio de Loyola of the Society.Think of it as a big conglomerate of Sith Lords and the Knights of St Jerusalem is the Zionist false jews. Much much worse than the front called the illuminati.

He should have picked Herbert.  Wonder how many will understand the reference..

I wish his Holiness Francis the best of luck as leader of a troubled church in the 21st century. It isn't going to be easy. With that being said, I don't follow the catholic faith despite being raised as such. As an hiv+ gay man, I don't think my situation is warmly welcomed. And that's OK. Nor do I believe in all the tenants of the church. I have my own internal faith and read and study about all religions. I look forward to hearing more about him and his tenure as the months and years go by.

Pay no attention to the child rape in the background.Look at me! I'm new! If he doesn't fix the catholic child rape, he is either powerless to stop it or doesn't want to. Your move Francis.

I pray for the New Pope Francis.  Jesus Christ, we may finally get the help we need for the poor. It is time that they not be ignored.  Much blessings.

Excellent! A pope as counter-pole to the evil frauds of neo-liberal imperialism dominating Western politics. He represents the roots from which those called might become chosen displacing criminals, both in the public and private sectors, only worthy the Nuremberg docket in their wanton impoverishment of mankind's God-given creative potential.

"He said don't forget about the poor" let's add the poor young boys molested by the priests. Come clean Catholic Church and stop hiding..

The New Chapter of the Catholic Church begins!May God bless the Pope, and all Christians in world-wide as well as all lives in this earth!!

Jesuits compliticy in the assassination of President Lincoln. There is something uncanny about the quick resignation of Pope Ratzinger, (2nd in history) and the election of the first Jesuit Pope in history, Pope Francis. The bible in Daniel and Revelation speaks of the antichrist coming as a "man of peace", such as Pope Francis. Beware! Jesuits are not men of peace.Find the article here with Lincolns own words of Jesuit evils and his impending assassination.truthontheweb

i like this pope already, and i am not even catholic. he reminds me of pope john paul, and for some reason i found myself drawn to him , a real honest to god pure humble man of god.If the Catholic church keeps doing what it can to prevent birth control, they should be willing to raise every unwanted child and put them all the way through college.  The church certainly has the money for it.

and I am not bashing Catholics or those of the faith.  YOU Jesuit Illuminati bunch............Im coming after ya.

he seems very eager to be the Pope.

When he starts selling off the Vatican treasures and gives the money to the sick and poor childrenaround the world, we will listen.  Talk is cheap.

American Christians often forget about Christ's feelings about the poor and like to envision Jesus as a wealth-loving gladiator slaughtering Mexicans and Liberals.

A humble Jesuit for pope. I never would have guessed this would ever happen in a million years.

WHO CARES

Watch out press. Don't be charmed into being alone in a dark room with a guy wearing a white frock!

"The Saturday meeting between the two will be private, but every comment and gesture on the sidelines will be scrutinized for hints of how the unprecedented relationship will take shape between the emeritus pontiff and his successor." - Why does people have to make a big deal out of it and scrutinize every single word in the conversation? It can simply just a meal between the two men and they just can talk about life and how wonderful our Father in heaven is.

I am not Catholic, but I do like this man, he should make a good Pope.I love his story. He is very humble and full of wisdom.

hope serious effortsbe  made to keep peace in the world &amp; keep harmony among nation

A long &amp; difficult road lies ahead of Pope Francis.May God grant him the necessary courage, strength &amp; grace to reach his goal.

Charming or not, the fact remains that he is old, has only one lung, and is probably not long for this world.  Why couldn't they have gotten someone new, with modern ideas, and some modicum of health?

the pope is no more than a propaganda voice for the cult of rome ,anti christ message from a gaY sick perverted clergY.

I'm not a catholic but a christian and I'm really liking this new pope. Its been days since he was 'elected' and Im still interested in what he has to say and do etc. Haven't been this interested since John Paul ii. His humility and sincerity is plain as day, he's walking the talk and seems to be exactly the man we've heard about. I think he's going to be a handful for the Vatican in a good way. He's already balking at certain traditions and choosing his own path. He's shy and soft spoken but seems to have a mind of his own and I hope he starts by cleaning up the Vatican inner circle. I can already picture the cooks arriving at the Vatican kitchen and there goes the new pope sitting at the table eating a sandwich he made himself. And the everyone's thinking oh boy we've really done it now.

Selflessness, humility and equality.  Respect for humanity and for creation.  How sublime!

What a lot of people don't know is that he almost went with the name Poindexter.

May peace be with you, Pope Francis.

I am not Catholic, but am a Christian, church has been needing to provide for the common poor people on this earth and this man deeply touches my heart. I truly feel that the Lord sent him to make a difference in the church and start helping the poor common people of this world that goes out and works very hard every day, and never has anything to show for it. I pray for him daily that he will truly make a difference in this world, for all beliefs in God. It's a shame that we do not have someone like him running our government in the United States, oh how a difference I feel this man can make.Why does the Swiss guard look like a jester or a character from Alice in Wonderland?

I really like this Pope.  The Catholic Church has been a real help to my family when we were homeless.  They even helped us get an apartment.  That was 2 yrs. ago and things are looking up.  I am happy that this Pope is for the common people and poor people. GOD BLESS HIM!

Christ never intended for His church to be such a huge financial institution.  He was a humble man and if He were alive today the church would be taking care of all the poor in the world and forgo its wealth.  I think Francis is just what the world needs today.

another child molestor  nazi --- just what the church needs

Is there such a thing as a poor church?

Pope Francis brings hope and love to all of us. God bless and guide you.

I'm not catholic or even a christian, but the last pope looked evil..kinda scary. . this guy looks like someone's cute little grandpa. plus he got points in my book for picking Saint Francis, patron saint of animals..  so i'll wish him the best of luck.

What a joke I spent weeks years praying for my son,And in the end I lost him at 19 years old where is this so called god.I don't get it

I am soooo relieved that I'm not walking around popeless. Its too bad the guy was so ashamed of his real name. More religious fraud and hypocrisy.

I like him.:) If YOU can not FOREGIVE, You WILL NOT have PEACE within yourself.

:) REMEMBER: CHRIST said after LOVE comes FOREGIVENESS, GOD BLESS the POPE.

Make sure you get your daily religious cult plug-in for the Catholic Church, media.  How much are they paying you?

The cardinals and bishops of the world need the virtues of humility  simplicity and holiness of life. Viva il Papa Francisco.

is that ron jeramie under cover?

I believe in Odin and Thor!

It's custumary that the new Pope choose his new name after the first altar boy they ever had

The new Pope seems to have genuine passion for the poors. He is democrat.

Here is a Gentleman who has his head on right and a good angle of vision. However, he might employ a professional taster for his food &amp; drinks. Francis, "be as harmless as doves but wise as a serpent." God Bless you.

One thing I could never figure out.  Did the God that the Jews (Yeweh) created in their minds carry over into Christianity belief, or did they create their own God to call their very own?  Are they worshiping a Jewish God?  if so should'd they all worship one God and all be Jewish?  Is one group saved and going to Heaven and the other straight to hell. This religion stuff is very confusing.What no Vaticin Wheel of Fourtune  with Vanna White

Personality is nice, but what is needed is for the church to move into this century.

Sally Field from the Gidget show had a real name of Francis, So can we just refer to him as the flying nun?

He looks and appears to be a kind and caring man.  I really liked the comment about "The White House might be closed but the Vatican is open".  Perhaps the President should listen.  I find it hard to believe that it cost $74K to keep tours at white house open.  If this is the case maybe tours should be closed.

Anybody besides me think he kinda resembles Marlon Brando in; "The Island of Dr. Moreau"?  (But, with glasses.)

If I were the pope, I would have massive, expensive cathedrals built to remind the poor just how poor they really are and I would strut around in fancy clothes.  Oh, wait, they already did that.

The fact is that St. Francis would despise the Vatican.  In pique. he would say something like "A Pope sitting in a building that has become a Judas bag growing for 2000 years invokes my name?  Sell all the wealth in the Vatican and take care of your children and then you are worthy of invoking my name".

he prayed to the ATOMIZER

If Since St. Francis of Assisi was a protector of the Shepard and the poor, I hope this will also extend to the helpless children that have been harmed.

Watch what Pope Francis does not so much what he says....“Preach the Gospel at all times, and when necessary, use words.” ― St. Francis of AssisiNow when when I count to Three, you will feel very very sleepy.. When you are asleep I will tell you what to do and what to believe in..... -All good Hypnotists do the same thing.. They put you to sleep then they program you...

Jesus said "Very Few will see God!" These Politicians should understand that Life is very short. Shorter for some than others.

The catholic "church" is a man centered, false religious system that is directly responsible for the worst atrocities this world has ever seen. It is responsible for the murder and torture of 50 million people to date just for not being or refusing to become catholic. (just google "Croatian holocaust" or "St. Bartholomews Day Massacre" or "Spanish Inquisition" or "rat lines") The vatican was in cahoots with Hitler and Mussolini and still is with the mob. The majority of catholicisms doctrines and practices are unbiblical and are based in paganism. It has perverted the true Gospel of Christ into a false gospel of works and sacraments. It is evil to the core and it insidiously does all this in the name of Christ. It is the political prostitute of Revelation 17 &amp; 18. Catholicism is NOT Christianity.

He is a big fan of the movie 'Stripes' and doesn't like people to touch his stuff.

He may be a nice man but he is definitely not the Vicar of Christ. Jesus does indeed predict a “vicar” in the sense of a “replacement” for His physical presence here on earth. However, this “vicar of Christ” is not a priest, high priest, bishop, or pope. The only biblical “Vicar of Christ” is the Holy Spirit. John 14:26 declares, “But the Counselor, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, will teach you all things and will remind you of everything I have said to you.” John 14:16-18 proclaims, “And I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Counselor to be with you forever — the Spirit of truth. The world cannot accept Him, because it neither sees Him nor knows Him. But you know Him, for He lives with you and will be in you. I will not leave you as orphans; I will come to you.” The Holy Spirit is Christ’s “replacement” on the earth. The Holy Spirit is our Counselor, Teacher (John 14:26), and guide into all truth (John 16:13). In claiming that the pope is the “Vicar of Christ,” the Catholic Church rejects the sufficiency and supremacy of Christ’s priesthood, and grants to the pope roles that Christ Himself declared would belong to the Holy Spirit. It is therefore blasphemy to ascribe to the pope the title of “Vicar of Christ.”

While many Catholics had been praying for a young modernising Pope, the Vatican altar boys breathed a sigh of relief when they found out Pope Francis is 76 - way too old to abuse them.

I wonder if he'll release the billions of dollars in the Catholic Church's coffers when "remembering the poor".

I SERIOUSLY doubt the Vatican will keep its corrupt hands out of politics. By THEIR logic, they have been chosen by "god" and believe they are called to be dictators and tyrants over the entire world, have gone so far as to consider themselves "infallible", and also believe they are above the law when it comes to the evil crimes they've committed.  They are a circus of old delusional men who few people take seriously anymore. How can you possibly respect the opinions of an old man who still believes women should not be allowed to use any type of contraception? They've also chosen to ignore the advice of the mental health and health professionals and continue to attack the millions and millions of gay families throughout the world.

google THIS!   "Proofs of a Conspiracy' by John Robinson.

Means he rikey boys. Francis rikey manimals.Simple! I got in my Buick Enclave, and stayed there for three days, untill white smoke came out off the tail pipe!

Why would someone in that positin have to "impress" anyone?  Sounds like a fake to me.   Why cant he just be himself

And the whole world wondered after the beast.....Revelation 16-19. Read it.

So, when's he gonna meet with Dennis Rodman?

Why can't they put younger versions in place that may last a while......

"And all the world wondered after the beast...."

He got his own jester

For far too long the church has been commercialized and industrialized, many christians in today's society have forgotten about the key, core fundamental teachings of Jesus christ. They only want to get to heaven through 'worship and praise'. Theres no such thing as being your brothers keeper anymore. I like this pope and i think he represents a breath of fresh air for modern day christianity and i wish him the very best.

Pope Francis we are hoping for your cares to the poor churches of GOD.

I am glad that we have been blassed with a new Pope who seem to know that he is human  and that Christ is the center of our Church.  God in his ijnfinit wisdon chose well...a men who seems to understand the nature of humanity.  I would like to say that I know he will carry out  that the changes needed by the church, but we never really know.  After all he is just a man!BLESS YOU ALL!I am glad that we have been blassed with a new Pope who seem to know that he is human  and that Christ is the center of our Church.  God in his ijnfinit wisdon chose well...a men who seems to understand the nature of humanity.  I would like to say that I know he will carry out  that the changes needed by the church, but we never really know.  After all he is just a man!BLESS YOU ALL!

Anyone that kind to animals can turn things around even for the most corrupt of human endeavors (religion).

•The way to gain reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear. - from Select World Proverbs

• Divide and share an orange, it tastes just as good.  - from Select World Proverbs

The kind man provides for his cat before is sitting to dinner.    – from Select World Proverbs

The first boy he molested?

With bombing, and wars, and destruction of land, also mining destruction of land, land mines, killing of innocent people, depression, PTSD--well I don't think we have done a good job over-all taking care of ourselves and mother earth.  The Pope's example--and voice of the gospel, and St. Francis--we need so badly today.  Whatever we don't have we just steal, so many thieves, rapes, murder.  The earth is crazy.  And the news spreads all this awful news with delight, making is gorrier by the minute.  Mankind is not doing a very good job on their own.  Then there is abortions, and all kinds of scientific changes we are making to the human body etc., euphanasa.  Then we have divorces, drugs, alcohol, all kinds of addictions---depression in children--and then the gay civil union issue.  And more children will come from broken homes with two moms and two dads--and half the time it will not be good for the children.  Get back to some traditions and the value of human life, and God and his beautiful earth.

This is good... and long overdue. God had a hand in this for sure.

I love Texas history, American history and world history, but there seems to be a great ignorance in the Early Church history among the secular world. Public schools do a great disservice to our youth in not teaching them this important part of history. They are all connected to each other. Texas is connected to America, America is connected to the world and the world is connected to the Church. Past or present.

This pope leads by great example and will continue to shock the world with his humility. I hope all political leaders can take notes and start humbling themselves from their pride and demands of being served. The Lord Himself can serve people then our political leaders should practice these scriptures sincerely. Matthew 20:28-For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many."Lets watch his actions rather than hiswwords

Tests to becoming Pope.1. Sleep with a boy of your choosing. Passed.2. Have no vagina residue on your rod. Passed.3. Preach hate and feel good about it. Passed.

Ask Pope Frances where (los desaparecidos) are buried and where are the children of (los desaparecidos) Why is he not helping the women of Argentina get the answers from the Facist Junta of Argentina as to where their children were tossed.

The holy spirit has done well  see their is a god.

Does he, like all previous Catholic leaders prefer that the masses remain ignorant of god's written word? Ignorance of the masses has always been the foundation and strength of the Catholic leadership . People that are ignorant of a subject never know when they are being lied to. That is why the Catholic church used to execute anyone found reading or possessing a bible.

God bless our new pope and give him more strength in future.

I left the Catholic faith 6 months ago, but truly admire this new Pope Francis.  I pray the Holy Spirit will speak to his humble heart, to remove the false teachings of the Catholic Church, that so many of their faithful follow.  I pray Pope Francis will tell all Catholics to put their faith in Jesus Christ not religion.

I don't know but the Catholic religion seems too political for me.

ahhhh,  the POOP,  or poop man,  in all his gay finery while billions go hungry.

Now to get going in those secret meetings!I hope the new pope will follow the footsteps of john paul ii.

I like Francis. One can be sure he is a good man.

"I like him already because......." --- said everyone about the new pope.

Haven't heard that song Argentina.

Pope Frank.

A great start. Wish him well in cleaning up the past sins of the church and making some positive changes. Someone 2000 years ago threw out the money changers. He may need to do some house cleaning.

I hope he cleans house and puts measures in place to eliminate child molestation by priests.

God bless all the haters for they not what they do.

He will do as he says because he is a modest man and cares about the poor, he follows Christ steps.

I don't like how popes are idolized and treated as if they are god.  The bible warns us about not having idols and yet the church promotes it people kneel and kiss the popes hand as if he is god and not a human.  I think the pope  is just a president of a company, with that said I pray he will do a good job and get rid of all the child molesters out of the church.May all our elected leaders in all our churches and our government be successful in bringing peace to all mankind.

Agreed a perfect name for a pope that will do wonderful things.Praise Be To God.

Congratulations king of the virgins.

People who believe in fairy tales are funny

Why does he need to "charm" the press? I understand that this is the media talking about itself, of course, but doing God's work doesn't - and shouldn't - require or seek media and public approval. Have we stooped so low? Apparently.

If the pope likes to help the poor, he should come to the US because Obama is making everyone poor here.

Ignatius of Loyola (1491-1556) was a Basque noble who founded the Society of Jesus (the "Jesuits") together with St. Francis Xavier and a handful of other companions. He served as its first Superior General.

May God guide you in you greatest hour

Rumor has it his favorite band is "Frankie goes to hollywood" so naturally Francis.

May the good Lord help the Pope to achieve his dreams AmenGod bless him to fulfill his plan

He's the new head of a very old, very corrupt organization over which he will have little control, even if he isn't a corrupt old perv closet case himself. Don't expect any "aha!" moments or enlightenment for this gang.

GOD Bless our new Pope as he undertakes a very long road to strenghtening the Church and its people

The catholic church is just a masonic secret society performing mass rituals using the energy of millions of followers to help them dominate the planet. A poor church? You must be kidding. At least he's not sitting on the golden throne while saying that.

We may yet be saved in spite of ourselves. God's forgiveness seems to know no boundaries.

I believe Pope Francis will be a wonderful pope and with the troubling times ahead lead Catholics thru. May God bless him.

I have hope.  A pope who pays his bills?  A pope who actually communicates?  It's hope.

I was recently asked, if Jesus came to my door, would I open it?No way! He looks like a hippy. Why would I let a hippy in my house? Or if it was really Jesus, he would want my money. NO. Go away hippy! You cannot have any of my bacon! Besides, Jesus would not need to knock. He has the key to everything. Go get your own bacon! Besides, everyone has cell phones now. He would call first, to let us know it was him. (my phone rings and plays Funky Cold Medina) "Hello?" "Yes, this is Jesus, give me your bacon." "No, son of god, this bacon belongs to ME!" So I texted him a picture of my bacon. That is all he gets. But then he told his dad on me. So I gave him my bacon. Take my bacon, jesus! Then I got a text from the devil. He (of course) was eating my bacon! It was all a trick! So I went to the store and bought more bacon. Take that Mr. Devil. But it was not the same. So I called the real jesus. He understood. He came up with a plan. A plan to get my bacon back! Long story short and two hours later me and jesus were eating the devil's bacon in the back of a white hearse that was being pulled by a lone donkey named Steve. But that is a story for another day. Moral of this story, however is: do not trust jesus. For he just might be the devil and only want your thick cut bacon.

Really something! I smell interesting things in the Church. Forward Pope Francis! We love you and hold your every word. Lead us to Jesus our Savior and bring us closer to God through serving others and especially the poor and respect for nature.

A tragically sad hypocrisy about the Catholic church is the fact that, even as it proclaims to be advocates for the poor and underprivileged, it's forbidding contraception is inflicting horrible harm, particularly on this segment of the population, in developing countries.  Families have more children than they want or can support and, in the Philippines, for example, moms live in tin shacks between railroad tracks in Manila with babes in arms and others scampering around begging on the streets.  How is this showing concern for the poor?!pagan but i wish him the best i hope he is a man of his words also i find it sad that obama could not be man enof to go there he sends his secound best um i bet he goes on vaction also who thinks if it was a islamic head he would not fly as fast as airforce one could go to see them and bow down to them

I wonder how blessed are the blessed including the dog. Most crucial igredient in world leadership is that now "the poor" have a champion in the enchelons of power. How directive and practical we shall find out with time and so welcome the new pope with blessing for him to succeed where many could not dare. Let us realise combatting gay marriage which is rapidly becoming an institution to reckon in itself as well as contraceptive  and artficial insemination may not allign religous sentiments but certainly are scientific to which even in the Quran man is gestered to earn and make his life better for these are endownments from the ALMIGHTY. Welcome Pope Francis play your part and reduce the pangs of poverty whereever they maybe on planet earth.,

The Pope's grandfather's name was Francis also

Not perfect...but damn close.

Jimmy crack corn and WGAF?

I have a very good feeling about this man, every bit as strong as the unease I felt when Benedict XVI became pope.

The world is blessed with this new Pope.  I can't wait to see what happens next...it will be good and long overdue!

I would love to love the church, but as a gay man, the church does not love me.  And even though I was born into the church, the son of loving and faithful Catholics, and even though I was always a good Catholic boy, and even though I am now a productive and law abiding member of society, the church nevertheless cruelly rejects me.  Even though God made me the way that I am, the church rejects who I am and tells me I am "intrinsically evil".  In this respect, it is the church that is evil, rejecting an entire segment of God's beloved family.

People who have to look to the pope for their spiritual guidance are pathetic.

yeah these people are great with "CHARM"......you can verify that by asking some of the little children that they molested"Turns on charm"......? Is he regularly an ars hole?

This message is for the entire planet.....  Do we need and want a Pope who leads and represents God's children by serving God or do we want a puppet who be willing to do whatever we want him to?  Jesus Christ was crucified because He just could not please the crowds.....  He had to please God His Father.Abortion, gay marriages and birth control pills are nothing but a terrible offense to Our God!Anyone who is involved directly or indirectly in favor of these sins is offending God.Remember:  We are free just like Adam &amp; Eve once were to do right or to do wrong but at the end when we face Our Creator most of us are going to wish we had been against all sins but it might be too late.....We all know what is right and what is wrong.....  Why do we need The Pope to go along with us when we are wrong?  Will this help us in any way when we face Our Creator?  No way Jose!God loves us all.....  Let's live accordingly to how He wants us to.

Why not use your own name? That is soooo silly to take a different name. Meaningless, actually. Also silly to wear a dress and insist that only the pope wear white while all the rest wear black who visit him.

I will come up with a few names for him too if he does not do something about the erring priests. The least he could do is to allow nuns and priests to get married. That will (hopefully) prevent them from preying on innocent children and destoying their lives. So let's get on with it. Enough with the flag waving and the reverent gazes already.

Only God can bless, not the Pope.

This man was an ally of the Right Wing Death Squads in Agentina.  He helped the government find leftists and even set two priests up to be kidnapped and tortured.  30,000 people where abducted, tortured and executed.  When people went to Bergoglio to get help finding relatives who had 'disappeared' they often ended up on the next list.  Children of leftists were 'adopted' by military and police as the ultimate revenge while Bergoglio blessed the entire enterprise.  In court, after the military power was restricted, Bergoglio strangely claimed he did not remember people who came to him for help with missing children.  This man is Judas, not Christ-like.  Christ was arrested, tortured, and executed.  Judas was given money by the government for turning people in.  Bergoglio sits on a throne of gold, wears imperial robes, and calls on people to live in poverty.  Thirty pieces of silver.

The Vatican does not negotiate, the Vatican pontificates until they have majority then they dictate.  The Vatican does not integrate, they dominate, then they subjugate.  There is not one nation on earth  that is Catholic and successful.  The Vatican must continue to expand, or die.  Therefore, the USA is in the sights, and the traitors in congress and senate that are Catholic are denying the oath of office and siding with the oppressive Vatican which kills all it touches.  To prevent the continued invasion of the Vatican onto the US, the traitors in congress and senate must be driven out of office.The R party can now be called the Vatican party.  A third of the Ds are also of the Vatican ilk.There is not one successful Catholic nation on earth.

Atheism existed long before Christianity was born.

May God bless YOU!

Open your eyes people,Catholicism is a backwards religion filled with misunderstanding and blasphemy. If people where to actually read the Bible they would see this, just like Martin Luther did.........These pedophiles wouldn't know what Christ would want. Christ never raped a child.

He looks a lot like Stan Laurel....funny

A charming OLD man who is against fundamental rights for gay people. Just one tiny example. Enough said. We need a YOUNG man who could bring the Catholic church forward two centuries that is it behind. Now it is a really silly institution and dangerous is many ways.

With all this excitement of electing a new pope, I almost forgot there is no god.

Apparently Deadspin has audio of him addressing the Cardinals for the first time:"The name's Pope Francis, but everybody calls me Psycho. Any of you guys call me Francis, and I'll kill you."

Sin is an imaginary disease, designed to sell you an imaginary cure!

Dear Pope Francis,Make sure you help the " Poor Children " being victimized by the church

Reminds me of Francis in the movie Stripes " If you touch my stuff i'll kill ya , if any of you homos touch me i'll kill ya"

a good name for any pope is satans little boy

The Press acts like everyone in the world is a Catholic. Pope Francis seems like the best choice the Catholics have made in decades.  But, frankly, I am tired of the Press being his recruiting agency.  Enough, already.Keep the real name. That would be a good start

Thumbs up if you're sick and tired of seeing and hearing about the Pope.

I just Biden doesn't open his mouth!

The Obama's will have to do something quick, the Pope is getting headlines

I second his wishes: a poor church for a church for the poor.  Refreshing and he will achieve this by example.

CCarter ... gag ... you cry at the reading of Mother Goose's : The Woman Who Lived in a Shoe. Switch from Catholic front loading to Bible scripture. If you have the means to bless and shut up your bowels against them, then your faith is in vain. The Catholic Church international could sell all their gold and silver and brass and make no more poor. You idiot, it's easy to say anything, and not to do anything about what you say. Heck, our presidents and government has done it for 200 years. That crazy wardrobe alone for your pope would probably feed a country for a whole year.

Beware people, he is a Jesuit and the following is a part of the oath he took. Nothing to do with the teaching of Christ:"I do further promise and declare that I will, when opportunity presents, make and wage relentless war, secretly and openly, against all heretics, Protestants and Masons, as I am directed to do, to extirpate them from the face of the whole earth; and that I will spare neither age, sex nor condition, and that will hang, burn, waste, boil, flay, strangle, and bury alive these infamous heretics; rip up the stomachs and wombs of their women, and crush their infants’ heads against the walls in order to annihilate their execrable race. That when the same cannot be done openly I will secretly use the poisonous cup, the strangulation cord, the steel of the poniard, or the leaden bullet, regardless of the honour, rank, dignity or authority of the persons, whatever may be their condition in life, either public or private, as I at any time may be directed so to do by any agents of the Pope or Superior of the Brotherhood of the Holy Father of the Society of Jesus.In confirmation of which I hereby dedicate my life, soul, and all corporal powers, and with the dagger which I now receive I will subscribe my name written in my blood in testimony thereof; and should I prove false, or weaken in my determination, may my brethren and fellow soldiers of the militia of the Pope cut off my hands and feet and my throat from ear to ear, my belly be opened and sulphur burned therein with all the punishment that can be inflicted upon me on earth, and my soul shall be tortured by demons in eternal hell forever."Satanic at best.

i protected more molesters than anyone so i win

dont care how he chose his name .  he is just a mere figment of the religious imagination . to much of a  loss to think that any one person is their savior ! let alone believe the bible . wow you people need to get it together .

I pray that Pope Francis, with his commitment to the poor, comes to appreciate the crucial role of available safe effective contraception in ending poverty. I pray he acts on core values and not on outdated policies. Contraception is not in conflict with core Church doctrine, and Papal opposition to it undermines Catholicism.The new Pope could immediately begin to show his credibility - How?  By getting a complete list of every single priest, bishop etc. that have been accused, convicted or admitted to molesting children and then defrocking them all and kicking them out of the church with no means of financial support from the Church. THAT would definitely show that he intends to be a true leader of the faithful. Until someone does get rid of those child molesters from the church, there can never be a rebuilding of confidence by Catholics or anyone else.

The catholic church lost any respect by the world helping Hitler out. Can't get any worse than that! Oh yeah, also a church full of pedophiles does pose another problem, unless you are a pedophile!

Who cares, he is not Jesus!!!

obama and hillary along with other government officials have now ushered the new era of Sodom and Gomorrah. That is their legacy you heard me correctly the Sodom and Gomorrah spoken of in Genesis chapter 18 and 19 the stage set by the clown and thief. Genesis chapter 18 verse 20 &amp; 21. As we Americans continue down this road, will obama or hillary along with their aids take responsibility for the coming destruction? That is something they have passed on to yours, their children and mine so does Proverbs 13 verse 22, as written: A good man leaves an inheritance for his children’s children,… does that sound like a good thing obama is doing for the children? NO. Let’s remember other aspects of obama language, and actions, and for that one only needs to visit 2 John 1:7, which states: Many deceivers, who do not acknowledge Jesus Christ as coming in the flash, have gone out into the world. Any such person is the deceiver and Antichrist. … Verse 11 anyone who welcomes him shares in his wicked work. We Americans need to understand that obama has acted in a manner not liken to any other American president. Also, in what he has told of himself within the “Dreams of my father” admitting of smoking pot on more than two occasions and use of cocaine. These are admissions that had any of the secret service, justice department, federal department of investigation, and any other types of agencies, personnel had admitted too those persons would not have received the clearance they now enjoy. The real question is how or what has allowed obama such an above the law platform? Even in this question 1 Peter 5:8 gives insight: “Be self-controlled and alert. Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour.” I am not the judge, however all one has to look at is Revelation 20: verse 12 ......The dead were judged according to what they had done as recorded in the books. Verse 13.... each person was judged according to what he had done. Now to bring these points to an understanding Romans 8 verse 3 for what the law was powerless to do in that it was weakened by the sinful nature. This is how obama and demarcates and others have had their way with all breaches of government. However, rest on this scope of what these antichrist persons are up against. Revelation 4 verse 8, Then I looked and heard the voice of many angels, numbering thousands upon thousands, and ten thousand times ten thousands. (1000x1000=1,000,000 and 10,000 x 10,000= 100,000,000), They encircled the throne and the living creatures and the elders. In a loud voice they sang. “Worthy is the lamb, who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and praise.” A parting thought to wrap one’s mind around obama’s actions in quantifying how the little loser has affected everyone’s home is that when multiplying 1,000,000 times 100,000,000 one comes up with 100,000,000,000,000 that is correct over one hundred trillion angels or more as God would sent as many as request by Jesus Christ unlike hillary or obama whom as far as most can witness will watch our solders as they are killed and then either get a head injury, or drop out of the loop for hours as their countrymen are warring for a supposed commander and chief. Even as obama is working at destroying America for every one dollar he wastes there are more than four other angles waiting for the final hour. That is why obama when saying: “they cling to their bible and guns” it is his fear of what is written about him in the bible that he wants to do away with.

humble man i believe he will keep the poor &amp; suffering closer to god in prayers

I was hoping that I\Iigger dude from Africa would win! I know he would have chosen a name like Pope Shitavious  the 1st, that would have been classic. The names those I\I iggers come up with is downright comical!

God bless and protect Him  against all evildoers

Pope Frankie might get his wish. The sex abuse and cover up could ruin the papes.

Pope Francis certainly puts a knot in the plans of all those doom-and-gloomers who, years prior, tried claiming that Benedict would be the last real Pope before the Antichrist Throne arose.Nutbags.(Satan/Lucifer being too full of pride and pomp to even remotely have genuine concern of the poor and destitute.)Maybe more religious zealots will finally realize that all that Revelations crypto was just suggestion and drama that's been so whack-up misinterpreted over the years....The Dead rising from the grave, actual demons and angels slugging it out with each other for the fate of mankind...REALLY?I'm thinking, if anything, they want to battle for favor as they've seen mankind has become considerably more advanced and powerful than the mere sheep we once were millennia ago.I can only pray for the day when it IS mankind's turn to judge Them.

We betray our selves by believing in something greater than our selves.I pray to God that I see my new Pope Francis some day before I die.  I went to Mexico city to see my Pope John on His visit to Americas. I was right next to His Popemobil as He blessed us all. I'll never forget how incredible the feeling of His Holyness affected me.

and the dog too g.b you pope  francis and pope benedict and especialy  john paul.

"In a recognition that not all journalists in the room were Christian or even believers, he offered a blessing without the traditional Catholic formula or gesture, saying he would bless each one in silence 'respecting your conscience, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you.'" He chose a perfect name! Not only did St. Francis preach about a life of poverty, he was also very tolerant of other religions. During the Crusades, when the Christians were invading the Muslim world, St. Francis went with a message of peace and his order alone of all Catholics were allowed to stay there.

As catholic, I am happy that Francis I is our new Pope. I also love the name he has chosen because I always admire St. Francis of Asisi for his devotion to the poor and his love for nature and animals.

What sane organization hires 76 year olds for anything? Better keep the undertaker’s number handy…like usual.

I feel that there is something very special going on. This humble man has won the hearts of millions upon millions in a less than one week.I believe he will restore the faith in the Catholic church,and that has been a long time coming.I had given up, but I for one will come back to the fold. Thank you, Pope Francis

when you really think about it, Catholicism is as ridiculous as Scientology. However, Islam and Judaism take the cake.

this pope's allegiance is to the jesuit general, Aldolfo Nicolas, aka "the black pope". the vatican is swarming with scorpions, and has been since its inception. the "illuminati" some may say, but this army goes by many names, for if one branch fractures the tree remains errect.

I wonder if his commitment to the poor will result in the Vatican divesting itself of the $billions in cash, jewelry, and fine art they have been hording for 100's of years and giving that money to the poor and/or back the gullible rubes that donated it to them.I'm betting the answer is not only 'No', but 'Hell no!'

Help Francis we need an EXORCISM Done on OBAMA to get the Devil evil out of him &amp; hes arrogant muslim whothinks hes a god,so francis can pray to real god to cure him of his sins tyranny treason to we the people,cure in allah we trust, 1 nation under mohamedit seems like the new pope is going to do a good job-he seems to be a GOD fearing man

I wish I had been raised as a Catholic.  I think the rituals are so beautiful and full of meaning.  And what a rich and colorful history (granted, not always positive).  I would join now but a few of my beliefs bar me from doing so, namely, contraception, abortion, gay rights - some of the biggest issues.  Even if I had been raised Catholic I would have left by now because of my stance.  I guess I just wish I could have experienced the rituals.  Today I have to create my own in my relationship with God.  He is at the center of my everything:)

May God be with him as he leads our church into the future.

Saint Francis the Sissy was a wimp.

A poor church would need to disband the Vatican Bank... one of the most corrupt in history... even more so than JP Morgan and Goldman... and THAT is bad news...

I am so proud that i returned to the catholic church and will be led by this amazing man..May God continue to bless him......

His name is FRANCISCO, not Francis

The Lord said to St. Francis of Asisi, "Francis you will rebuild my Church that is almost in ruined.  And your descendants will florish like a palm tree."  The Lord is True to His Words in the person of Pope Francis.

and the charade of organized religion continues.  thank you for keeping the world's biggest sham alive.

I doubt this guy will accomplish any real and meaningful change in the Catholic Church.  At best he will address the internal and public relations problem the chuch faces, i.e. Pedophile priest and Church banking scandals.  But women who are looking for a greater role in the life of the church will be disappointed and the church will not abandon its policy of priestly celibacy.  Theologically he is very conservative.I don't think he turned on any charm, I think he is charming, its not some act. Just being Frank about Pope Francis.

I wish I had a dollar for every little kid this guy buttrammed.  I'd be rich.

pope undergo some form of pr campaign to bolster his image on international stage"down to earth, humble, " caring, kindnessor press is trying to brainwashed us into believing all this craxpope should reform the church -stamp out sexual abuse of childrengive up his dictator power -Decentralizationreform the election process

Yahoo or google how many kids since the 1950s, Blow your mind.

It looks like this time they ACTUALLY picked the most Holy man they could find.Blessed are the meek.Long live our Pope.

St Francis of Assisi is the patron saint of animals.  I'm sure he would agree that our companion animals should be spayed and neutered to reduce the population of unwanted animals.  Would he not also support contraception and family planning? I think he would!

HITCHCOCK,WAS A JESUIT

GREAT ATTITUDE.THANK YOU LORD,GREAT TIMING!

I am So Sick and Tired with All these Articles about This BUT-LICKER

The latest head in a long line of corrupt, religious charlatans for the oldest ongoing criminal organization in human history (i.e. the Catholic church).Hey, if nazism rises in Germany again, and is defeated again, this time the transition of war criminals from Europe to Argentina will be smoother than ever.Btw, new Pope - what exactly was the role you played during Argentina's "Dirty War."What is wrong with Catholic bishops?  First they pick a Pope who was in Hitler Youth, now the pick a Pope who was involved in the Dirty War.Are there no candidates for Pope who don't have any sort of past affiliation with oppressive regimes and/or dictators?Sounds like he could charm the pants off of you.  Especially if your pants are a boy's size 6.

Boy there sure is a lot of Pope stuff in the news these days. What does a Pope do anyway?

Never met a fascist who wasn't charming.

The Holy Spirit has given us the Pope we need now. The same Holy spirit will guide and lead him to lead the church and the world according to the will of God, not according to the will of this faithless and wicked generation and politicians. And as a proud and faithful catholic, i don,t get fretting about the future of the church. The Holy Spirit gave birth to it in fulfilment of God,s promise to His church " Jn. 14:15-17". Congratulations my dear Pope Francis. I love you. I love the process of your election. I love our church, The BODY OF CHRIST.Praise be to God alone.

Bergoglio--thefinal Pope on St. Malachy's list and the one prophesied to reign over the church as it enters the Great Tribulation period--named himself after Saint Francis of Assisi is intriguing given that shortly before his death Assisi prophesied that at the time of the tribulation a man would "be raised to the Pontificate, who, by his cunning, will endeavor to draw many into error and death… Some preachers will keep silence about the truth, and others will trample it under foot and deny it…for in those days Jesus Christ will send them not a true Pastor, but a destroyer” [Works of the Seraphic Father St. Francis of Assisi (1182–1226), Washbourne, 1882 AD, 248]. So, by naming himself after Assisi, Bergoglio branded himself after an Italian (Roman) priest whose original name was Francesco di Pietro (Peter) di Bernardone -- literally, Peter the Roman!

Lighten up francis, one of us might save your life one day. Then again, one of us may not.

this man of love is our hope to cleanse the church of her needs.God is with us give Him the strenghth he needs OLord.

pls pope remove homosexuality in the vatican and never agree with whwt freemansory what be strong.

If you  really want to be seen as down to earth make your name " Pope Bill " and put a BBQ rib shack right inside the door of the sistine chapel. and a big sign out front that says " Bingo every Tuesday with $5 ribs !!!!! "

Take some of the fabulous wealth we saw at the conclave (jewels, treasures, palaces, etc.) and give it to the poor.  If the pope does this, then I will believe he is sincerely concerned for the poor.Ignore the little boys in the background.

Pope Francis,  The worlds poor and middle classes need you.Vaya con Dios.!!!

I,m not Chatlic, but Christin - &amp; pray for this new Pope- He is so needed by this church.  A true true man of God..

The pope has sharply criticized Christina Fernandez over her support for liberal measures such as gay marriage and free contraceptives.He also opposed — but failed to stop — Fernandez from promoting free contraception and artificial insemination.So he seems very comfortable invoking the name of Francis and his Disney legend, but he's not so inclined to respect real people in a real way when it matters.  Hence, catholic.

Sir your fellow virgin priests await your orders to strip the altar boys.

Steve, you speak as if Christ is dead. It's what He wants.

My friends, politicians are having arguments over mix marriges . What the hell, people will do what they want to do. We do not need a politician to tell us what he thinks, he only does so to get popular and get votes and be seen on TV. I have put in a honest days work for plus 8 to 9 hours for 30 years. And so have billions of peolple around the world. Do we need politicians that cannot even change our lives or our circumstances. We are in power, imagine goverments cannot collect taxes on what we earn or what we spent. Just imagine what goverments take on taxes on feul in the world today. You do not even own a calculater that  can convert this into a amount that you can comprehend. I think politicians should work for free, they should have normal jobs like us. They can then play at politics after hours. We shape our communities, we keep the economy rolling. We spend the majority of our lives being productive and work a honest days work. For the salary a politiciam earns, just show me what he does for us, the normal everyday working class citizen like me and you. Alas my frind nothing!!!

I think Francis' message is love people more than yourself. What a breath of fresh air for a church so wrapped up in tradition. Bless him and may he have success in bringing the church to the people.

God bless him.  What a blessing he is for our Church.

You are all brainwashed puppets.  This man is a power hungry man just like all men who control countries.  Including America.Clean up the RCC, Francis.  Bring the church back to the Jesus of the New Testament where it belongs if it wasn't to call itself "Christian".

I'll believe that, when he sells his helicopter.

He actually looks like a pope--not like the last one.

Easy to TALK about the poor == who's doing anything?  Huh?

From one who knows the truth about this hierarchy of evil, the Vatican and the papacy are false and corrupt. Just ask those who are now on the other side in eternity that put their trust in it. I have relatives and friends who trusted in this satanic political/religious system instead of what Christ alone could provide for our salvation. The book of Revelation describes its end in vivid detail and it will not be pretty.

A 76 year old with one lung?We'll be electing a new Poop very soon.

Charm , that's what all popes do reflect, but behind the scene they speak like a dragon. I used to be a Catholic but some of the things I had seen, doesn't reflect Christianity.

I would argue that the Catholic Church is already very poor.

besides, Obama was already taken

"A poor church and a church of the poor." What if Pope Francis decides to sell ALL the riches of Vatican (I really don't know if he can do this) and gives all the proceeds to the poor people of the world. That would be consistent with how Jesus Christ lived His life and St. Francis de Assisi's life too. Would the curia and the cardinals, bishops and priests all over the world follow suit or imitate the example? I hope the Holy Spirit always stays with Pope Francis.The name of his first little boy?

Good luck sir

pope elmer ? pope quantavius ? pope rufus ? pope pee wee ? pope bubba ray ?

How did I get my name "Pope Ped. not the 1st."? Well, let me tell you a story. It all started with these little boys that lived in my neighborhood...

... this gentle, simple, and humble new leader of the Catholic church -and followers- represent HOPE its future... looks like the College of Cardinals "done good!"

More God, less church...more doing, less preaching about doing...a poor church and a church for the poor...as a burned-out Catholic who grew sick of the wealth, ostentation, and hypocrisy of the Catholic church (and, sadly found so much hypocrisy in many of the Christian denominations), I am very hopeful that a better time is coming with the influence of Pope Francis.  A side note: my great-great-great uncle was a Jesuit astronomer named Francis.

Great, Frank. Let me tell you a story: You desperately need to own up to the history of abuse and its cover up, and allow females and marriage among your priests, so it's not so likely to happen again. Or not...

God Bless Pope Francis! Viva Cristo Rey!

Well, the Vatican sits on multiple billions of dollars of gold and precious jewels. Let him start by liquidating that and giving it all to the poor.

His feelings and beliefs about the poor are admirable, but as long as the Church denies and fights against any contraception practices, the poor will continue their misery and grow in number with all the consequences that poverty creates.He's got a big pair of pants to fill from Pope John Paul II.

Oh yes the pope. To me he is nothing more than mortal man just like every other GOD fearing person on this earth. I personally chose to stand at the foot of the cross. The only way to heaven is through Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ alone. I must be aware of what man has created and not be distracted by it. The catholic church's higher archy to me is man based government that influences their followers, which takes away from the truth. The truth is so simple!!! A personal relationship with the LORD and the truth will be yours.

see what usa and british govt what lesbiniasm and homosexuality?Teach them what the bible says about the people of sodom and comora

I know, the Catholics will hate me, but this is just another old man in a dying religion.  Their dress codes and rituals went out 200 years ago.  Through the centuries, most popes bought the position, there was no election to office.  The Catholic religion basically destroyed religion from the very beginning by EXCLUDING WOMEN from higher positions.  And most other religions aren't far behind.  It's time to get back to GOD and forget all the rituals.  And the liberal Dumbocrats in governments are helping to destroy religion by REMOVING GOD FROM EVERYTHING AROUND US.

How about pope Bob?  I like that name.  Or Pope Bubba?

There is no such thing as a burned out Catholic but a studious one since it is a life long Journey with God!

I am truly inspired by the new pope, I hope and pray that God will guide his journey.  He will be having a lot of bumps, knowing with his faith things will smoothed out.

The media needs to do some investigation of this man's past.  He is not who he appears to be.

How many people have been burned to death as heretics by popes over the centuries?Does anyone have an approximate estimate?

"the poor shall inherit the kingdom  of god, and meekshal inherit the earthNo matter what faith, gender choice or ethnic group the poor should be of most important of all.Income Inequality shall not prevail(gap most be closer; not wide)!

wait a minute, I thought only barry could use charm

Mary was not a Virgin after she gave birth to Jesus Christ...Her and her husband Joseph had many other children...James was Jesus' half brother...Praying to Mary is unscriptural.

God Bless this new Pope.  He is a breath of fresh air.

I'm not surprised that there's another pope in power that is against gay marriage and contraceptives; that kind of thing will take a while to iron-out. But I'll admit that this pope does sound rather.... promising. I don't usualy make it my business to worry about papal or vatican affairs, but something about the "poor church, and a church for the poor" statement struck a chord with me.I may not be Christian, but I recognize the influence that the Vatican has on world affairs, waning though it may be. So I'm hoping that Francis will live up to the hype and bring about at least a few of the changes that are apparently needed within the Vatican itself.Kudos to Christina Fernandez, though, for doing what's right for her country

Obey and leave your cash at the door on the way out.

Pope Francis appears to be the  best Lord's sheperd on Earth greatly needed by the Catholic Church today.  His humility and devotion to the poor are traits welcomed by all. Let us all pray for him daily to give him strength and clear vision to help all current Catholics and lapsed Catholics rededicate themselves to follow God's laws and teachings.

At first, he was going to be "Pope Pokem the First", but then everyone realized he wouldn't be the first....

A poor church for the poor? Ha! Never happen. He wouldn't be able to have all the cardinals and bishops give up their fine trappings, much less all the wealth around the world. Funny how religions (not just the Catholics) claim to need donations to keep their organizations running, yet spend the money on material things.Organized religion is nothing but another business...a tax exempt one at that.No more tax exemptions!Perhaps the new pope can start by giving up his gold ring. Somehow, I don't think Jesus had a gold ring. Not too much to ask is it?

A long dark road for him as the church needs moneyMay Pope Francis be the embodiment of Christ's will on earth.

Prayer of Saint Francis of AssisiLord, make me an instrument of your peace.Where there is hatred, let me sow love;where there is injury,pardon;where there is doubt, faith;where there is despair, hope;where there is darkness, light;and where there is sadness, joy.O Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seekto be consoled as to console;to be understood as to understand;to be loved as to love.For it is in giving that we receive;it is in pardoning that we are pardoned;and it is in dying that we are born to eternal life. Amen

3 billion dollars to pay off law suites for gay child molesting priests will lead to a poor church for sure.

The height of arrogance is the height of control of those who create god in their own image,

The American translation is Pope Frankfurter of Assissy....

His pro-life and anti-abortion beliefs will put him in direct conflict with Obama's policies.... I pray that our new pope can win the battle.... and the war....

When the Pope came out, he saw his shadow and declared that there would be 6 more weeks of lent.

This could be more exciting for the Catholic church than john XXIII was!!!

All together, lets blow on this Ember with prayer!

He already knows it is the wrong name!His actions will name him.Peter The RomanHide ya kids...

I am not Catholic (I'd be considered Protestant, but I don't belong to any one denomination - I'm part of the church, in the sense of the body of believers world-wide), but I really do hope he can bring the things he's stating into action. While I really do love the ornate nature of the Catholic Church's architecture, and vestments, etc, the money spent on the formalities could be spent on helping the poor, funding outreach programmes, and so forth. I just wish the different denominations could get over their differences and become one church again, but it's in our human nature - we just can't get along. That's why I long for the day when Jesus takes His Bride (the Christians truly saved by grace and faith, not by works) to heaven before the Tribulation, as well as the day when Jesus and the Christians return to fight in the battle of Armageddon and rule during the Millennium. The future is truly bright for those who choose to listen to Jesus - the day will come when corruption, pain, sadness, and disagreement will be no more, and I can't wait. :)

Greatest thing to happen. Watch St. Francis Of Asisi movie ? Please do and you will understand what this great man have just embarked. Glory To The Father, And To The Son, And To The Holy Spirit..AMEN...

He needs a Justin Bieber hair wig to make him look more like a hip idiot.And some stupid sunglasses woulndt hurt either.

Santo Padre: llévame a mí y a mi hijo en tus oraciones.

He needs to elevate women in the church.  This is not the year 33 AD with Jewish men in charge of a partiarchal society.  How about nuns as equal partners in running the church and then becoming priests.  How about letting priests exercise their free will to decide if they want to be married.  Christ led a celibate life as far as we know, but he never said that his apostles could not be married.

And in their footsteps We sent Jesus the son of Mary, confirming the law that had come before him: We sent him the Gospel: therein was guidance and light, and confirmation of the law that had come before him: a guidance and an admonition to those who fear Allah.Let the people of the Gospel Judge by what Allah hath revealed therein. If any do fail to judge by (the light of) what Allah hath revealed, they are (no better than) those who rebel.To thee We sent the Scripture in truth, confirming the scripture that came before it, and guarding it in safety; so judge between them by what Allah hath revealed, and follow not their vain desires, diverging from the Truth that hath come to thee. To each among you have We prescribed a Law and an Open Way. If Allah had so willed, He would have made you a single people, but (His plan is) to test you in what He hath given you: so strive as in a race in all virtues. The goal of you all is to Allah; it is He that will show you the truth of the matters in which ye dispute.Al-Maeda - 5:46-48

...'a blessing for the dog too' and bent down to bless it.I thank The Lord Almighty for our Gracious, Loving &amp; spiritually down to Earth Pope Francis 1.

Corcky or Bozo would be a better fit....stay out of politics, moron.

Francis, the Talking Pope.He got it! Many Catholic nations are poor, so why should they live way above them?

He chose that name because it is probably a code name for a satanic homosexual pediphile.

With over a BILLION Catholics in the world, just how can they not see and understand the sins and cover-ups that have occurred within the Catholic church, FROM TOP TO BOTTOM, over the past decades ??? I for one ran, not walked, away from THIS SINFUL ENTITY !!! Fortunately, Francis will see A "POOR CHURCH" FOR A POOR PEOPLE, after the Catholic church's finances are RUINED PAYING OFF THE THOUSANDS OF "LITTLE BOYS", NOW GROWN MEN, that were molested and hurt for life, emotionally and in every way by THE POMPOUS AND SINFUL PRIESTS, MONSIGNORS, CARDINALS AND BISHOPS within the catholic church !!!! Even in Ireland, of all places, the molestation and abuse cases will drag on for decades now that they have been exposed !!! The BIBLE is very clear, and neither the word "pope" or "catholic" can be found within ??? And yes, I am a devout Christian, but when I review the history of the catholic church, and think about my own personal experiences, as a teen, in my PARISH, ALL THAT COMES TO MIND IS "FALSE PROPHETS", "FORNICATORS", "MOLESTERS", AND "666" !!!!! By the way, I was baptized as a catholic as an infant, so I didn't have a choice, however, the church, school, and convent were sold off.... Well gee, I wonder why ???!!! When all Catholics "WAKE UP AND UNDERSTAND THE TRUE SITUATION OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH", THEY TOO WILL RUN AND NOT WALK TO THE NEAREST TRUE BIBLE TEACHING, CHRISTIAN CHURCH SO THEY MAY HAVE A SINCERE AND TRUE RELATIONSHIP WITH GOD AND JESUS CHRIST.. And I SINCERELY ASK GOD TO BLESS EVERYONE THAT DOES SO...

Why can't they choose a name like Morpheus or Xavier, hell I'll even settle for Conan.

Turns on charm. Well it's better than turning on little boys.

Its very simple the way to heaven peace love care hope forgiveness mercy

I pray that St. Francis of Assisi, the pope will bless all the man kind with the baptism with the Holy Spirit and with fire. May every sentinent being be bless and may our sin be forgiven by our father in heaven so that we can enter heaven together. Make Heaven our next home.

Young's Literal Translation'I indeed do baptize you with water to reformation, but he who after me is coming is mightier than I, of whom I am not worthy to bear the sandals, he shall baptize you with the Holy Spirit and with fire,Barnes' Notes on the BibleWhose shoes I am not worthy to bear - The word translated here as "shoes" has a signification different from what it has in our language. At first, in order to keep the feet from the sharp stones or the burning sand, small pieces of wood were fastened to the soles of the feet, called "sandals." Leather, or skins of beasts dressed, afterward were used. The foot was not covered at all, but the sandal, or piece of leather or wood, was bound by thongs. The people put off these when they enter a house, and put them on when they leave it. To unloose and bind on sandals, on such occasions, was formerly the business of the lowest servants. The expression in this place, therefore, denotes great humility, and John says that he was nor worthy to be the servant of him who should come after him.

So far Pope Francis is turning out better than the last pope.

Jesus will judge you all some day for your hurtful comments! Hope you all have an answer then!pedophile

First; a Pope Abdicate, 2nd. New Latin American Pope, Another Tsunami..... Who is paying Jumanji !!!!!!!!

I like this new Pope!!!

I hope he will be able to try his best to stop hostile superpowers from causing wars among nations, and indulge in blood -shed of innocent people.

He is getting a lot of press for someone who hasn't actually done anything yet.

I wonder why people always try to find bad in people. Or say bad things about people they do not know. I read about Pope Francis,I do ot know him. But I see a kind face,a good heart and a fierce need to help the poor and homeless of the world by both spreading the Catholic(or God's) faith and love for fellow man. I am Methodist,was a Catholic until I was 10 but remember the catholic faith. This man while spreading the catholic faith also is wanting to spread love and hope for all religions.I have seen a good many negative things being said about the pope. And a good many good things.This Pope has a lot to handle . Give him a chance ,stop throwing stones ,he is not responsible for what has happened in the past. He can only try to fix what he has to do now. If he continues to allow the priests commit those crimes others have then "he is"no better than past Popes.For me, I wish every priest who committed the crimes against children would be banished from the church and put in prison where the belong.

: If the concerns of the Vatican when Pope Benedict was chosen were the pedophile scandal and the rising costs of paying off the victims, the concerns when Pope Francis was chosen are the pending announcement admitting the near presence of  a rogue palnet coming our way.Wishing to maintain their influence with the flock, to assure what they hope will be a continuation of the Catholic Church, it is logical they choose someone with a kindly and humble image, thus the Saint Malachi prediction.If Pope Benedict’s past was management of the Office of Inquisition, in charge of suppressing the testimony of pedophile victims, Pope Francis has pastoral work in his past, reaching out to and comforting the common man.It is no surprise that he was chosen and is rumored to have been the runner up when Pope Benedict was chosen. At a time when the flock will be suffering, due to the Earth changes, arrogant demands that funds continue to flow to support the opulent lifestyles of the hierarchy of the Church would be resented.This will now be hidden behind the humble demeanor and habits of Pope Francis, who will be used like a shield.  That Pope Francis is among the Jesuit Order was part of the selection process, as this order is noted for their dedication.There will be no essential changes in the Catholic Church, which we predict will sink and essentially disappear in the Aftertime primarily for two reasons – it will be clear to the faithful that the Church lied about the Third Fatima Vision, and the “Promised Rapture” of the faithful will not occur.

not sure about this new pope yet......

When this pope breathes does just one side of his robe expand and contract?

Savannah, the Vatican is not a country, they don't have a "democratic system of vote"....He rides a bus (until now...)lived  in a single apart.(until now....)and cooked his own food....did you know how much money is spend in groceries in the Vatican City?????Vatican City is one of the more expensive city .....did you know that the Church of LA spend 600(yes six hundreds millions dollars) to pay claims of sexual abuse by priest to children????....wake upEnough news about the pope already. What the pope has to do is to put his child molesting minions to jail. That's what's up! And just so ya'll know, I'm Catholic.

He looks so humble and kind.God bless him.

It would be nice if he could stay, humble and meek!  But as we know he won't!  It will only a matter of time before the fame, and other things go to his head!  I have nothing against this man, but as always his thoughts about a women's right to chose and gay marriage. Did not sit right with me!  No disrespect, but he will not stay, meek and humble for to much longer!  Not if the press, media has anything to say about it!

Hope this old fart dies. He's not God, or isnt "chosen" by God. Just an old pedifile in a fake, satanic cult called the Catholic church. Catholics, PLEASE repent.

The Pope gets a new name so he can work incognito as a person falsely claiming to be the leader of the Christian church.

Walmart had a sale of little boys pants half off and he was first in line.

How many pontiff did he pardon ???

religion sucks

May God Bless you always Pope Francis!

RCC says Peter was the first pope because Jesus called him "the rock" and gave him the keys to the kingdom.  Jesus gives EVERYBODY the keys to the Kingdom to everyone who believes in Jesus or else no one could get in.  Peter was the first human being to declare faith that Jesus was the Son of God and in response to that, Jesus called him "the rock" - the foundational believer on which he would continue to build his church on more and more declarations of faith.  RCC badly misconstrued the meaning of the NT passage and built a fraudulent "church" on it.  There's no mention of any pope or leader in the NT except for Jesus Christ.St Frances de Asisi

i dont want to hear any stories from a dude who owns red shoes and a pointy hat

"Vatican officials said there was no contact between the papal electors and Benedict before the conclave."   Certainly not for want of Benny's wanting it or more likely trying it.,  But his boys are such a bunch of old dried up farts that most of them probably couldn't vote in the consistory anyway.  You can bet the old boy is going to try to exert as much influence as he can, even in his so-called retirement.

does the pope chit in the woods?

wow he drinks Mate that is so cool

Pope Francis is so new in his position and yet, has already won so many hearts.  May God Bless and keep you Pope Francis.  Walk in the shoes of the Fisherman.

He's pretty hot, bro

I am a bisexual athiest which should tell you I agree with virtually none of organized religion's teachings HOWEVER I wish people (athiests included) would give this guy a chance to do his job.  Attacking someone only for being the Pope is ignorant.  Sorry but this thought just stems from too many stupid things I've seen when people write when he hasn't even been in a week.  Good luck to him.  And he does deserve respect.  Athiest or not.

May this Pope smash the media with his faith so that He stops the perversive sensationalism! The Franciscan movement is coming full force!

To you of who dont understand GODs commandments,shame on you! fore you will find your time with SATAN  !Frankly how?

Anyone that still is a Catholic, or supports the church, is considered human waste to me. Look at one of their biggest holidays, St. Patricks. It revolves around ridiculous drinking. I'm disappointed that my Grandmother chose to become Catholic years ago. Truly an idiotic decision.

religion stops a thinking mind. go sheep go. here's a name for the pope, how about "pope pedifile" everything about priest hood is against the laws of nature

"There's an elephant in the living room! Nothing "really happened..."  ....No!  'Not in Our House.' God forgives those who repent. To repent means to never do the thing(s) which would incur God's Divine Wrath. Where is the one who repents for abusing little children? Don't you dare make comments and pretend that this will all go away. It won't. You will be judged also, who drank from the same cup.Shame on You. When I say "You, I mean all of You!"

The Vatican is now the Church for the poor.

Sin is an imaginary disease, designed to sell you an imaginary cure!

you all say wha christ would want what god wants when the fact is that he dont want nothing from you or you to do anything he thinks wait he knows you are all idiots i could tell you i AM GOD and you idiots would still argue with me lolol.the Alpha as adam as in fire as in the beging as in the oppeeing as in day as in sunshine as in the rebirth and the omega as in GOD as in father as in water as the closing as in night as in death of the rebirth as in the old testament or i could tel you that i am jesus christ as in the present as in yellow and white and josheph and mary as in blue and red as in past presents its future and non of you would still belive it. you see thats the problem you all think you know but you dont the problem is you are all like haveing ten gl#$%$es of a liquid substance one being water coke pepsi rootbeer and etc. you get the point those gl#$%$es are representing oppinions the problem is every one has them know take your oppinions and water a plant and see whos correct just like these gl#$%$es you are all full of oppinions on what you think gods want you to do and that is nothing because you will just #$%$ IT UP LIKE YOU ALWAYS DO!!!!!! thats why the only oppinon that matters is the correct ONE !!!!!! and you are absolute idiots to think that god talks to this man ,no man shall enter the kingdom of GOD unless he is like child because adults make #$%$ up and complicate things ITS like this god made the universe for himself and dont give a #$%$ what anybody has to say its like ordering a pizza i dont give a #$%$ what you want on your pizza because i did not make the pizza for you and if you think that this crazy #$%$ old man is going anyway were close to saints and angels you #$%$ are trippen this is an evil man doing the work of the devil not GOD LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO

first off he better do something about that sss whipping alabama gave notre dame....ya gotta get your priorities straight

Positive thoughts for our new pope. May he succeed with his goals and bring peace to the people.

Me Tarzan you dope!i just want to live poor and have nothing,thats why im sitting on this throne,its better than being a floor bouncer,with a crazy girlfriend,tho.come my son,let us pray

i was born in 1977,and so far this is the most down to earth pope i have seen or heard of near my lifetime,very simple approach,go back to the root cause approachsomeone  that the masses of the world can identify withgood luck in your new position pope francis,i know you will do the right things that needed to be done some time ago,go back to the start and inspire the masses

Christ don't need a vicar to represent Him "for where two or three are gathered in His name there He is in the midst of them." Neither does the Church need  Vatican overlords to supervise and govern it because  the work of God in its many aspects are to be done through the grace freely given by the Holy Spirit and  not by the selection and appointment of men from an elitie governing body.

He wants a "Poor" church..  He may get his wish after they settle ALL the lawsuits against Pedophile Priests around the world.

Thats a big chair.  You would think with all the money the Catholic CHurch has that they could buy him a chair that fits.

May God Bless Pope Francis Of Assisi and finallyopen the coffers of the church for the poor and needy, let the art stay where it is....it is the jewels, gold etc....that should be used for the needy.

I pray he remembers that St. Francis of Assissi was a patron saint for the sentient beings of this Earth.

His 1st choice of names was taken by previous popes,"child molester" 2nd choice was taken also..."pope oral xxx".

When I saw the news after coming home from school, I said that if a US cardinal was elected, that the US needs 1 more thing to brag about.

I recently left the Catholic Church because of doctrinal concerns; however, the new Pope Francis has inspired me to think about going back.  He seems like he is going to be a great advocate for the poor when the world really needs that.this brings tears of joy and hope!!! God bless our Pope

New POPE chooses wrong name of BIG Freddy, tells a joke:Two little kids are in a hospital, lying on stretchers next to eachother outside the operating room-------the first surgeries of the day.The first kid leans over and asks, "What are you in here for?"The second kid says, "I'm in here to get my tonsils out and I'm alittle nervous."The first kid says, "You've got nothing to worry about. I had thatdone when I was four. They put you to sleep, and when you wake upthey give you lots of Jell-O and ice cream. It's a breeze."The second kid then asks, "What are you here for?"The first kid says, "A circumcision.""WHOA!" the second kid replies. "Good luck buddy. I had that donejust after I was born and I couldn't walk for over a year.Then realizes that simply putting BIG in front was the absolute wrong thing.so he changes it to Francis because no one can make up a joke about a name like that, right? Unless you are a Talking Mule, but that's just a story line and not really a joke.

Pope Francis I. I know a couple of women name Francis.

Nicole Winfield......The founder of the Jesuits is Ignatius of Loyola!!  I think Pope Francis is going to challenge the Catholics in the pew (me included!)....  This is a BEAUTIFUL thing!!

Want to help the poor? Sterilization, contraception and abortion. Look at Catholic countries: over populated, desperately poor and bleeding their population problems into the U.S....Mexico will explode with sex abuse issues within the next five years...The most notorious pedophile in Mexico, Fr. Marcial Maciel, was protected by Bendmydick XVI. #$%$, ALL.

All of this admiration for him speaking about the poor will turn to rage when he starts to ask more of the rich to help ease poverty. To paraphrase a Brazilian bishop: When I help feed and clothe the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why they are poor, they call me a communist.

How in the world do you people see the head of Christianity a humble and great Pope because he does not want to wear a gold cross or the traditional outfit, by the way the outfit is sacred.  I have one question for you people out there, "If you were made the Pope would you where the sacred outfit, or disregard the cloth?"

Nicole Winfield of the AP who wrote this article got it wrong - there was NO co-founder of the Jesuit Order. During the Reformation, it was the Soldier-Saint Ignatius of Loyola who founded the Jesuit Order.

Yahoo does it again,  St Ignatius Loyola is credited with founding the Jesuit order, not St Francis Xavier.

since my family has a history of "francis" i do hope a bit of piousness comes our way.Jesus Christ prefers kind atheists over hateful Christians.

I'm sorry. Christ is busy appearing on a tortilla at the moment but I will be glad to take your Money and tell him you stopped by.

oh I could make comment about the NEW POOPS AND PALIN ALL NIGHT LONG!!

I wonder why the new poops got the microphone so close to his mouth??? Practicing for something later???

To bad Rosanna Rosanna Danna wasn't around to help, after all if we just can pick any name we want, I'd of made one that hasn't been hashed around before.............;p

Pope Frank!

THE POOPS should have gave HIM SELF the name ST PACKING THE FUDGE!!!

Is this guy a virgin? If so he is probably a loon.

"Oh how I would like a poor church and a church for the poor," Francis said, sighing.meanwhile, the hierchy sits in their seats, crossing their legs and gulping uncomfortably lol

I like his costume. I can't wait for Halloween!Ladies and gentlemen, when would a black man be appointed as a POPE?. And if not why?.There is a lot of racism and racist comments out of the Vatican., like if a black smoke comes out of the self built chimney no one is selected and if a white smoke, the someone is selected. Why no the opposite. Which means everything black is no good. So, what are the blacks doing as a pope, when your  chances of becoming a pope is very very slim. I left catholic since 1973.

I have nothing bad to say about Catholism, but just curious  to what is the Popes birth name, and why was it neccessary to change it?

La~De#$%$'~Da.A Cork Cucker is still a Cork Cucker.#$%$' GREAT NAME, I HOPE HE LIVES UP TO IT   !

Man does the Catholic church mess things up.  There was no better time to call yourself St Patrick.

6,000 NEWS REPORTERS and zillions around the world watching. Where can you see the hate in it? You the haters should find the connection or what make sense even though you do not understand but wonder and ask yourself, how come.

Difficulty and long roads mean nothingAuthentic, undoubting faithOvercome all doubt &amp; unfruitful vibesBless this Pope &amp; Bless you allI Love you

I hope he allows priests to marry and allow birth control, teach all to accept jesus as their personal saviour and that he died for our sins and lift the guilt from all those catholics who think they have to do what jesus already did for us, then the church can all be happy in  christ jesus   life can really be so much happier when the church finally stops laying guilt on everyone, jesus loves and forgave us, all we have to do is accept him and ask him to come into our hearts and repent of all r human sins  thats why he suffered, for us to be in heaven with him someday and have a relationship w him here on earth,  that`s what i want from this pope,   please god!!!

I myself don't

I am glad the new pope has chosen a man of integrity.    Saint Francis of Assisi was one of the greatest humblest in history.      hope  the new Pope goes a long way in his venture.   I am not catholic , however I do respect ones like Saint Francis of Assisi,

May the good Lord grant him physical and spiritual power to acomplish all he promised,CLOWNS.. The entire Catholic Church are Clowns

pope frank loves my music.........

He should tell his cardinals, the party is over.  Time to go home and stop vacationing on their diocese's dime.   These guys know how to milk a good thing.

Does that mean the offerings will go to the poor now, instead of lawyers, settlements and possibly male prostitutes?

Can only wonder if we taxpayers will pay for Biden's trip to the Vatican.  Guess we will see if there is really separation of church and state.

I like this but for help to a poor please sell all a  Vatican masterpieces and move for the people need.  The good have one Latin Papa is becausse this know about the poor people and they are need.  The Francis Name is a beautiful and have a great figure in Saint Francis.

Oh, how wonderful if this man of peace, a true Christian, may gather the flock, including the various segments of separated believers who, though followers of the Bible, discount other persons close to Jesus.

Ive lost faith............no not in the Lord, my God,,, only in people teaching preaching and getting rich from it. Lets face it, as we get older and realize what the human race has been all about, its easy to lose faith in Man,

The Church is in need for reform. Hopefully Pope Francis will see this and react accordingly.

Just another  religious Dope. The top of the Pedophilia Dung heapJust another  religious Dope. The top of the Pedophilia Dung heap

Until reading this article I hadn't made the correlation between the name and the historical figure, a man, a saint, whom I, although not Catholic, have held in high esteem for many years. Unlike his predecessors in my lifetime, he gives me hope for a church which I am not a part of, but recognize the importance of in this tumultuous and unstable time. I'm not Catholic, neither am I godless. May God bless Pope Francis, and may he lead his flock to less turbulent times.

Simplicity is what we need to manage and understand the church better in this Global world.Thanks to the approach of the new Pope Francis!

We saw the white smoke, we saw him in cardinal red then pope white garb.  It's time to move on to something relevant.

"Happy Talk" about the poor has been a staple for almost 2000yrs.

Thank you Nicole Winfield. Your article tells all I will ever need to know of the person, Pope Francis.

May St. Francis of ASSISI guide you to walk His way in the sense that you chose to be poor in a poor church for the poor to embrace Christ. on the Cross.

Does this man speak English?

Finally, someone who really thinks like a Pope who will be the leader of a church where so much of the world is so poor.  Mother Teresa is smiling....

Pope Francis;GOD SENT YOU WHEN YOU WERE NEEDED THE MOST. WELCOME AND GOD BLESS "YOU"...!I'll like to know what this pope thinks of this latest news item:'' the Catholic Archbishop of Durban, told BBC Radio 5 on Saturday that pedophilia was a "disorder" that needed to be treated."From my experience, pedophilia is actually an illness. It's not a criminal condition, it's an illness," he said.''

Sick of hearing about this #$%$!!!!!!!!!!

Well just as long as he maintains the women in their place, and keeps the gay homosexua pedophiles out he'll be a great Pope.

Francis is an ok name. Pope Goober may have sounded strange.

god bless our pope francis

i thought it was "Another who is in denial of the Truth"

He blessed the Doggy!! That says it all about the true nature of this mans spirit. That is so wonderful.

God bless You Francisco. I already love you and I am inspired by your faith and your heart. You made me want to be closer to Jesus. You remind me of John Paul II who is a saint. God bless you and guide you in your journey leading us to be better each day and to follow the way that Jesus wants us to.

Have the respect Yahoo writers for others views and address the Pope by his proper name,Pope Francis. Not Francis. It's so sacrilegious and disrespectful. Would you call a rabbi by his last name alone? This is not my religion, but at least I would have the decency to be respectful. Good grief. If you want to shorten his name, although I don't see why, then call him the Pope. There is after all only one.

Sad that bit one of five comments are blocked. What #$%$ world...the catholic church covered up child abuse within its ranks.  i hope this pope addresses this issue.

Illuminati ReligionWe live in illuminati overtime, the last leg of Illuminati end times. At this stage the illuminati BEAST tells to the beasts that black is white and the beasts robotically repeat it.Why endless deception is one of the goals of the Illuminati religion?Illuminati begin by telling to the human cattle:1. - "Hidden in plain sight" is the truth: "we TOTALLY control media, politcs, justice and economy";2. - "black is white" and have the human cattle robotically repeat it.GOOGLEEThe two previous messages can be reduced to "we TOTALLY control your minds". This proves the TRUTH of the illuminati religion.Illuminati Religion

Freedom of speech yahoo

Freedom of speech yahoo

I am not among the Sheeple,Pharoah Francis+ I do not worship you.Not only have  people like you Raped the world,you molest lil boys also.

he is a nice guy. i hope he will find out that Jesus is,God manifest in flesh. 1 tim 3 16. God is a spirit,john 4 24 kinda like air or electricity.  God is in all the universe.The spirit of God overshadowed Mary and Jesus was born, God and man in one person, the same spirit of God came into the apostles on the day of pentecost and the same indwelling is for us today. acts 2  38  39    this promise [of the spirit of god] is for you and your children. meaning us today. Churches that teach and do as peter said on the day of pentecost are  Apostolic Pentecostal and are in you local phone book.  DON'T miss getting  Gods power. Jesus said" in my name you will cast out domons." and this will stop  these angry nuts from shooting innocent people. It works.  When Jesus left he left his name for the power and authority. Peter said   repent and be baptpized in Jesus name and you shall receive the gift of the Holy  spirit.  Jesus cast the demons into the pigs and whe have authority in his name to do the same. dont miss it.!!!!!!!!!!!!     ps the name of the father son holy ghost is  the LOre Jesus  Christ because he was     God manifest in flesn  amen

He is a great man. His humility and love for all living creatures should be a symbol of hope to us all... It is a hopeful sign for the catholic church

He better learn to cook his own food...with words like that he is now in the firing line from the corrupt heads of the that church...Watch your back mister, you are amoung demons.

jesus is god and not number 2 god

hope he does send petioles to jailI will be interested to see how much Pope Francis defines the papal role and how much the role defines him. I pray that he will be able to balance the two and anchor the church to its roots and its orthodoxy. I was touched by the number of young people in St. Peter's Square on the night of his introduction to the fatihful. I believe that we are still a church that can attract those who are faithful to God's Word, ordinances, statutes and commandments regardless of their age.  I have always been thankful to be a Catholic. I pray that Pope Francis will help my thankfulness to grow.May God richly bless him in his holiness, righteousness and humility and may God bless all who are committed to the Holy Father's vision of respect for creation, caring for the poor and peace. I hope we will all take a moment to read the "Peace Prayer" of St. Francis. It is an eloquent thought about our new pope's vision.

His words let  be the words of the church

May G*d bless the bigots here

Eskimo: "If I did not know about God and sin would I go to Hell?"Priest : " No, If you did not know you would not go."Eskimo:" Then why did you tell me?"

i go to St.Finbar and getting a new pope is a big deal. pope Francis yaya

The founder of the jesuit order is st ignatius of loyola not st francis xavier! next time do your homework!

he uses the name francis when entertaining the altor boys,

//"Oh how I would like a poor church and a church for the poor," Francis said, sighing.//The Catholic Church should be the wealthiest institution on earth. He should make haste and do what Jesus commands, "Sell your possessions and give to the poor!" (Luke 12:33 NIV). Otherwise he may be just another hypocrite, pretending to be what he is not.

God bless you, father. The perfect man for the role, finally revealing to the world what Catholicism has been about all along. Non-catholics are recognizing him for the good man he is not on basis of theology but of the goodness he lives for. It is a beautiful thing. I hope all goes well. Maybe in the future he will be as loved as John Paul II. Maybe not but he sure is a good man. A very humble and loving one.

May God bless him in the days to come!May God bless him in the days to come!

"The church exists to communicate this: truth, goodness and beauty personified. We are all called not to communicate ourselves, but this essential trio." Really? I thought the church was established to spread the Gospel - which is that salvation can only be found in Jesus Christ. Oh, but maybe he meant the church as in the Catholic church . . . not the actual Church that was established in the Book of Acts. The Catholic church needs to get back to God's Word. Only THERE will the truth be found.

As a non-Catholic I wish Francis well, and I hope he is relevant in today's world. Humility and peace and service are high ideals and not easy to do. By emptying the Vatican coffers(no one knows how much is in it from the Crusades and the Inquisitions) and distributing it to the poor will do much to  back up his talk. Then reduce the power, pomp and extravagance of the Vatican. Otherwise it is all talk. God help him, for there are many who would not go for it after two millennium of absolute power and privilege. The Church  is not for accumulating wealth but to help the truly poor. Jesus Christ will not recognize His church if He comes back today. Ugh! God help him and God help us.

Wow.  The combination of the Jesuit and Franciscans teachings promises to be a dynamic one!  I am excited for the Church.

Let's critique this photo : Hi ! My name is "Mr. B", you can cal me jud en !I'm shaking my fist at you because I will take all of your riches and treasures and I will not repent of my crimes against humanity or God's Holy Church I am the new anti-pope, anti-pope jud en if you prefer. I have b l o od on my hands but I will lie about everthing to appease my masonic masters !Full sto ry onl ine. TODAYS CATHOLIC WORLD.

He has good PR people.

The recognition of 'political entity' vs 'dramatically spritual human institution' 'with its virtues and its sins' is inspiring and refreshing,don't forget this is a "Word Commanding Society",'Word may represent God'(John 1:1) if you wish.Wherever you have 2 human beings,you have mutual relationship,whenever 3 human beings meet,it is an hierarchy.

He's warm

The church should exist to communicat Jesus Christ and his saving grace.What does truth, goodness and beauty have to do with salvation?  I think the Catholic Chuch as lost sight of what the church is about.  We are the bride of Christ, not a politcal dictator.

It's not too late for all the Protestants to convert back to Catholicism!  They will be forgiven!  And, of course, the Jews!  They need salvation and they might not be baked in the future as history always has a way of repeating itself.  Scary, but, true.  Save yourselves before it is too late!Habemus Papam!!

Do his close friends call him Pope Frank?

One does have the hope that, with this man's message of helping the poor and the downtrodden, that the horrific sexual crimes perpetrated against children by members of this church will finally come to light, and that those who committed the crimes will be brought to justice.

Does anyone remember the movie, "Shoes of the Fisherman" with Anthony Quinn as the newly elected pope who opens the church coffers for the poor?  Unfortunately, it will never happen.  The church (ALL churches do, in my opinion) serves its political self first, and its constituents secondarily, at best. Curiously, Christ had no formal "church building"--much less a basilica. The out-of-doors served Him perfectly well as a pulpit from which to broadcast His word--Not the least of which messages include the one about "rich men," "eyes of needles" and the "Kingdom of Heaven," if you know what I mean.  Apparently the church (and I don't just mean the Catholic church) fails to make the logical leap to consider their "business organization" as equivalent to "men." And don't get me started on tele-evangelists standing there in $1k silk suits berating the poor, idiot masses to send in their $5 to support  their "mission"--which is, of course, their own personal interests and sleazy-gotten wardrobes. Remember the Bakkers, for example? Although I would love to forget the revolting images of those two weeping, self-serving imbeciles.I have hope for this Pope, though I am not Catholic. But that's because I'm an optimist in the face of 2000 years of political manipulation in the guise of religion, not because there is historic reason to expect a religious leader who doesn't have an overweaning political agenda.

240 Years Ago is 1773. Notice The Article Says Pope Frances was for Clement XV with his Cabinet. Rather than “Pope Clement XIV, who suppressed the Jesuit order in 1773”. IN OTHER WORDS Pope Frances is for a Pope that is PRO JESUIT RULE AND ORDER. In other words this Pope Frances is for the Claimant Change or Catastrophic- Avalanche, Deep Impact, Great Explosion, of WWIII over Heighten awareness of their Vatican Formation under Attack to be Pushed at by the King of the South President of Tehran.Pope Frances is for Code Name for Betray the USA and of Britain as Joseph and Erase their Record as the Descent of Joseph form the Earth. Pope Frances is a Direct man of Type of man of Sin Against the PCG Book United Sates and Britain In Prophecy by Herbert w. Armstrong. This Type of a Man of Sin would be the Height of the Laodicean’s Stretched through Anglican and Protestant Limbs of the Forsaking of our Assembly’s. For their Universalism Gospel- A World of Confusion putting off Far the Day of Yahweh.Shunning Prophecy’s and Messengers for a Utopia of 1,000 Years of Peace of Denomination Feuds. Co Existing the Governed Hundred Year Blocks by Commission and Socialism Christianity. For another 1,000 years of Peace. Give them this and they before the Throne of Yahweh that take this Kingdom by force would wish another 1,000 years to pass and Annul it. For Eternity without any Resurrection Coming for they themselves are cut off from our Hope- If they Do Believe.They may be Stubborn to a First Christina Discipleship Church of Sunday Faction. Who if they do not take the Canada Exodus way out over Egypt. For a Implement of Righteousness through Colorado Channels may all together say. How During the Forecasting of the Invasion and the Loss of TV and Radio Coverage for the Sicken of utter Dread to Sweep their States Days or Hours Later.They in this Stubborn Paralyzing manner will not know the true meaning of the Fiery Darts of Satan that will Penalize them in their Houses and Churches for the Sweeping away from the Sword. Their polarizations would be close to a Prophet who does not fear Death. They would say Yahweh Shall not do Evil nor shall he do good. They however would be like those who return to Egypt in a Spiritual plain rather than Seek Shelter in Mexico as it would already be to late. They if they Don’t have the Faith to go to Jordan which is Sabbath and Feast Day Keeping Faith would seek Colorado Docking Shelter. For Canada Exodus in a Under Ground Rail Road Fashion.However the Dread of the Gastopo is Great Hitler though the Royal Gourd Family and Tea Party will be the their Intier Government and Church will have Quickly Reformed not to EU Protestant Enslavement but to Yahweh Elohim with the Keeping of the Sabbaths and the Feats days. IN ORDER TO WIN THE WAR.So they if they are hit with the Fiery Darts of False Religion to me Un Migration Stael Mate. Will have a stubborn faith in the False Doctrine of the Rapture. They would say no but we will remained as First Century Church faith. That as soon as the Invading army reaches the Central Land. That they would be raptured up in the type of Faith that a Prophet has; To Live Until the End when Yashua Messiah Returns at Armageddon- even after the Power of the Holy people has Been Crushed.However Be Wear lest you put far off the Day of Yahweh to being your Dread Near. Go to Jordan with the Faith of the Royal Family to Canada to quickly reform to Sabbath and Feast Day Christian Hot Worship and not Luke warmness. For the Islamic Bother Hood would not even be able to use you as False Christion’s of a common cause of Pagan worship. Nor could they respect you without a Fantasticalness of Christianity. That only comes with the Keeping of the Sabbaths and Feast Days and not the Knowledge of these Prophecies; the Hedges the Prophets Have made for you.

Do not forget  Mother Teresa and her Christian work with the poor and needy.

The catholic church is a bunch of grown men wearing robes and having secret meetings with each other....very creepy

To me this Looks like the Battle Field or Plot of Land of Ezekiel Discretion and Depiction. It is the Sphere of Calling Fire Down Form Heaven. What is the Fire though? What is the Prayers of the Saints in the Insincere Bowel offered to Heaven?Notice the Angel Files the Bowel that Was Occupied with the Grace of the Saints with The Fiery Wrath of Yahweh and Cast it to Earth.The Bowel of Grace that had the Incents of the Prayers of the Saints is then Filled with Coals of Hell Fire and Cast to Earth for the earth to Erupt in War. The Angel may seem Bipolar going form a Calm graceful Position to casting fire Open the Inhabitants of the Earth. NOW why Saint Frances?France is the Revaluation that has removed Religion from their Cabinets for the Scientific Poe’s and Vatican Candles. This NOW Modern Interior war of the Vatican Empire was express by Tom Hank’s in the Movie Angles and Demons. Exorcism Three is the Fire WWIII in a Few Months.South France is Benjamin or Religious Benjamin that Sold Joseph into Slavery. Pope Frances is NOT JUST remove the Jews form the Middle East ASAP but the USA from the Americas and Britain Form Europe. It is what Splits Babylon into Three Parts by a Great earth Quake that has never been nor shall ever be.

I would be Pope Drake, the first.

My priest got all ten inches up my butt when i was eight years young.all those who works for God &amp; Gov are the enemies of Peace.

"let me tell you a story": A preist, bunch of little boys, doesn't have a happy ending. They just glide over all their crimes and coverups.

Good Pope Francis says the church should be poor. Yea! I don't have to TITHE anymore--Plus, the Catholic Church owns most of Rome and a very RICH church. They can give it all to the poor now...according to what PF says..

The Cross is not a sacred object...It was a murderous tool used by the Romans to kill Jesus.Wearing it is displeasing to God.

sounds  like    GAY  MARRIAGE   half the priest would  be  BRIDES  SO OF COURSE HE IS AGAINST IT     yet to see  a priest in  JAIL

I am proud to be a Catholic at this time and wish the  new Pope, Francis, a longand healthy tenure.

BIDEN?????? Where the hell is Obama going to be? I guess he afraid to get that close to a Godly man.

GOD WISDOM TO LEAD D CHURCH

How he chose his name. Because stupid minds want to know.

Cardinal Bergoglio, SJ.  A true Jesuit!  That is what the SJ after his name is: SJ, Society of Jesus.  It really warms my heart that we have a well qualified man for the job(pray for the Jesuits).I am a sceptic when it comes to the catholic church. I hope he is for real. I also hope that the conclave did not dump a troubled church on this regular guy. I hope Pope Frank hasn't been blindsided. Best of luck, You'll need it.

I wondered where all of you been asleep not doing the Devil work arrise with your neg. comments and remember this Christ Wins end of story.

not to be a wise acre,but bible sez"il have no graven image before me"and planely we see all these pope's wearing a cross when expressly sez not to,to much pride inside,make you rotten on the outside,so sorry to say when he prays god does hear.for god to hear you in this mountain of sin piling up every day,first(don't forget this)admit your a sinner and believe me he will hear your plea thou the caos and take action in your behave.

All of you anti-Christians should go back to your muslim countries!! They will welcome your outspoken voices with open arms and swords for beheading you dopes!!

The Bible says that Jesus is coming back for a "Rich Church" read Revelations

"and in this moment we don't have such a great relationship with creation."  Quote from top......Um What does that mean exactly??

Pope Benedict and Pope Francis will be respectful of each other and will share a special warm bond of friendship.  How nice for Pope Francis to have such a friend to help him in his new "job."

"Pope" Joan was a nidevil pope she completed all her studies disgused as a man and became pope but some one found her out began to hump her she became pregnant and went into labor during a ceremony the crowd decended on her killed her and the new borned,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,any of you cath, cultist care to reply

Finally.  The first Jesuit Pope and he's actually upholding the teachings of Christ and the Society of Jesus.  Of course all the conspiracy theorists will have a field day with the idea of both the 'Black' Pope and the 'White' Pope being Jesuits.

He is still very much alive, but he is already a legend.  He is not a Pope of praise releases.He works with God.  We the people are with him.  The Church must truly be for the poor.  The greatest obstacle has been removed, the glory and grandeur of the papacy which has been a scandal to unbelievers.  Francis walks with God.  He is a true vicar of Christ with his preferential option for the poor.  He should renovate that scandalous row of apartments that houses an opulent sauna and convert it into a palace for the poor.  I also take my hats off to the Jesuit order.  Its members are real men of God because they are so human and Jesus Christ loved all human beings by becoming one of them.bring spirituality, humanity and morality back to this tattered world we live in i implore you

His arguments will be subtle, convincing, and appealing. His oratory will be hypnotic, for he will be able to move the masses to tears or whip them into a frenzy. He will control the communication media of the world and will skillfully organize mass publicity to promote his ends. He will be the master of every promotional device and public relations gimmick. He will manage the truth with guile beyond words, bending it, twisting it, and distorting it. Public opinion will be his command. He will mold world thought and shape human opinion like so much potter’s clay. His deadly appeal will lie in the fact that what he says will sound so right, so sensible, so exactly what unregenerate man has always wanted to hear.Matthew 7:15. "Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravenous WOLVES.16 "You will know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes from thorn bushes or figs from thistles?17 "Even so, every good tree bears good fruit, but a bad tree bears bad fruit.18 "A good tree cannot bear bad fruit, nor can a bad tree bear good fruit.19 "Every tree that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.20 "Therefore by their fruits you will know them.

I am not a Christian, but always found St. Francis to be an interesting person.  I keep a statue of him in my back yard and I believe he keeps my family, including our dog safe.  I think the new Pope will be a man of the people, something the world needs badly.  I hope he will be able to influence the world's leaders onto a more peacefull path. I wil pray for him to have good health and a long life.

Wish that Pope Francis, will use the OSF's to help in rebuilding the Church that live in the world. God Bless our Pope, Amen

He seems like a sweet man :)

do we really care?  I don't

i was hoping his first papal act would be putting cardnial law on a plane to the u.s.

It is good to be humble before god so as to be exhalted before men hence he should continualy remember the poor

remenber to invite some leader from P.R.China, not only from Taiwan. Do not make wrong step at your first days of a Pope for the poors.TKS.

Jorge has the charm of a pit viperHe should have named himself " Saint Peter Puffer".......just look at that fool in the photo, he's just wishing that mike was a peter !

From Dorothy and Toto .......Thank you Pope Francis.  May God bless you with much good health,  guide you to enable you to fulfill your aspirations and keep you in his care while enabling you to travel safely in peace and comfort.

I am wishing the new pope god's inspired spirit of knowledge wisdom and intuition for the greater task ahead.

Wow.. Itz gon be hard, bt i put the pope in my prayer.

I wish the New POPE the Best. St Francis of Assisi is a beautiful saint helping the poor/ The Pope may help us with world peace.

28 elephants were just killed and poached in Africa.  protect our animals as ST' Francis was their warrior

As with any president of the United states, regardless of initial intent, this Pope will run into the entrenched bureaucracy of the governing body (congress/Vatican) and will be forced to modify his positions, although it looks like more of the same to me: abstinence vs contraception and birth control, blah blah blah.And the Catholic church is a "dramatically spiritual" human institution in the same way that BP oil is an environmental organization.

I have a name for him.....POPE-A-CLAUS

Let there be Radio Shack!

yet the Vatican is the single richest entity in the world.This pope is socially conservative and fiscally liberal.  I'm waiting for the right wing types to jump all over him...

MAY GOD BLESS THE POPE.   EMERITUS

May God Almighty continue to bless him in every effort to lead christians to confess Christ  in words and actions especially here in Africa

Looks like a good start. Here is the passage I like from Yahoo News...St. Francis of Assisi, the pope said, was "the man of the poor. The man of peace. The man who loved and cared for creation — and in this moment we don't have such a great relationship with creation. The man who gives us this spirit of peace, the poor man."

They still can't give up on the contraception thing.  It has more to do with increasing their following than it does with any religious belief.

I believe in god too... his name is Thor.

i pray that the church in my country,Nigeria,will heed the words of our holy father,by empowering the poor faithfuls instead of building castles in the name of churches.i love your vision.i will surely pray for you

The News Commentary shows, MSNBC, are looking for scandals relating to Pope Francis already; however,don't forget, he was made a Cardinal by Pope John Paul II after a rift with the liberal Jesuit Order, demoted to teaching Chemisty at a local school in Argentina. John Paul II must have seen some similarities between his struggles in Poland with the communists, and the now Pope Francis and the Dirty War in Argentina. So, when we criticize Pope Francis, we might as well criticize Blessed John Paul II, whom everyone loved.  Think of that!

Well said! The church exists for spreading the Gospel and not for being a compassionate NGO!

Jesus spoke to St. Francis of Assisi from a cross and asked him to "repair my church"....let's give the new Holy Father an opportunity to do the same.God bless you, Francis I.