You've got to give it to those peace-loving Muslins - they do generate a lot of news stories!

i dont care what country you're from,, why would anyone in their right mind want to visit nigeria?

LOL, soon to be Obama immigrants on the US taxpayer dime!

I am sick of Muslim Jihadists men. Stupid fools.

As a woman I don't want to be Muslim anymore.

More of OBAMAS muslim brothers doing what they do best, destroying the world one country at a time, way to go allah.

You piece of swine  Muslims..we hate you.let this be a lesson yo everyone..don't go over to that swine field to help those animals..let those stinky Muslims exterminate themselves..this means women and kids too.

Stop calling them Boko haram, start calling them criminals and murderers, stop calling them muslims, start calling them criminals. Im sure some muslims will stop supporting them. They are murderers and criminals

Sometimes there is a sentence or two that makes you wonder if you are getting all of the story, like "He says that his family is being held by the Islamic radical sect known as Boko Haram which wants all its members freed, especially women and children held in Nigerian and Cameroonian custody."

broke fools looking for a come up, not weighing the consequences of thier actions. fate worse for them if they dont make it back home.Oh look........the monkeys are at it again.  Killing, killing, killing.  More violence from the monkey countries.  Who would have thought?

Muslims, Murderers, Boko haram, Criminals, Al-Qaeda,......Just different names for the same thing.

No negotiations -- it only helps feed more of the same.  Extermination is the only answer -- just like cockroaches.  We must kill them and their families lest the plague spreads.

Boko Haram which wants all its members freed. kill one a day till they free there hostages

the violence wont stop until the last Muslim is dead.

Oh what a world we live in, Muslims killing each other, any western person they can get away with, the catholics harbouring pedophiles, living off the poor and then there are the western democratic societies allowing maniacs with guns to slaughter our children on the streets. I wonder if there is anyone out there judging us?

Where is the video?.....

The Nigerian in the White House should resign!

Good to see that our foreign aid money is being put to good use (sarcastic font)

iSLUM is at WAR with the civilized world!    Wake up!The solution is simple: Provide the Nigerian government with the needed weapons to defend the citizens and visiting foreigners. Or better still, since the Islamic North are yearning for a sharia country, divide the country along ethnic-religious lines and let the Islamic North go their own way and stop these daily killings of innocent human beings. The Islamic Northern Nigerians never believe that the Southern Nigerians should produce the executive leaders of the country. They don't believe that Nigeria is equally owned by people from other parts of the country. 100% of the oil fields lie deep in the South. Through military and civilian dictatorships, Northerner-led administrators criminally hijacked and apportioned more than 83% of the oil blocks to only people of Northern extractions to manage, after falsely accusing the South-Easterners of same crime without any proof. Theophilus Danjuma, a Northerner, was handsomely rewarded with oil fields for killing Ironsi, the then Head of State of Nigeria. Way to go Africa!These greedy Northern juntas never believe in one Nigeria. Hence they failed to use the huge oil revenues to develop Nigeria or, at least, develop the North. This is black-on-black system of apartheid; but worse in this case because the Islamic Northern Nigerians are not educated enough to rule or govern modern societies. It takes education to govern modern societies. Yet, they want to dominate and rule the highly educated Southerners. Boko Haram (Western Education is sinful and a crime) thrives today in Northern Nigeria because of the support they enjoy from Islamic Northerners, especially their politicians.If the Soviet Union, as well as former Eastern blocks, could be split into pieces, why can’t Nigeria be split into two or more regions? Many of the regions the Soviets ceded away are some of the world’s richest oil regions. Yet, they let them go to determine their own future. Sudan is another example we all witnessed recently. Nigeria is a forced marriage put together by the British against the interest of those that participated at the marriage ceremony. The result is the civil war and the ongoing infighting everyone has seen since independent. Nigeria should do something to stop the bloodshed. There must be a solution. It’s enough. These killings have been going on since independent, and perpetrated by the same Hausa-Fulani group. There’s never been anything like a “united Nigeria”. It’s all farce. Go read the history of the country and hear it from some of the founding fathers themselves.

god will help our country nigeria to bring those diong kidnamping in the country

Last time i checked  french love kidnappers , he's in  good hands .

Filthy kaffir Islamist dogs. The UN should ban Islam in all it's forms and put all that practice it to death.

While what is happening in northern Nigeria is heartbreaking and should be condemned, it is not a reason for the hate commentaries by dim-witted neanderthals calling Africans monkeys, uneducated and unintelligent. As bad as the situation in Africa is, you don't read about Africans shooting babies in schools, blowing up public buildings or committing other acts of mass killing in a mindless #$%$  unrelated to war; or shooting their wives for insurance money.

Folks this is da deal, for every Terrorist taken...Show them vidoes of their captured accomplices being fed to Lions alive and tell them that if they don't turn stop or turn themselves in when they get captured too, they will be thrown in the Lions alive to eaten up !!Play that psychology on them and see how they react !!  Enuff of this moronic nonesense !!!

We must ban the religion if Islam, and send all that practice it to extermination centers. We need a final solution to the Muslim problem.

The Nigerian President should resign, if he uable

please to those so call boko haram stop killing innocent nigeria thoe u are killing there are ur brothers region didnt say that you killing your broyhers and sisiter don share innocent blood please

"My dearest sir or madam of America--My family is been take hostage by insurgent Boko Haran. if can you to sending $500 dollars to Fund for Free boko Haran at link below me, boko let them go.  my dautter being raped, and wife and son starve.  Please, please send money.  When faimily returned, you receive 20,000 US lbs from my gratitude, so please always and now put your routing and bnk count numbers in reply.  May God bless you for being savior of Tanguy family.