So they are blaming Fracking because some numb Skulls dumped  hazardous waste in the cutter? Going to have to make a better case than that,,

I'm not against fracking. I am against forced ignorance. The states should be aware of what is in fracking fluids, be aware of what is in the fracking waste water, should be aware of volumes, should be aware of where the water is going, should know if truckers of that water are working extra long shifts, should be aware of the cost of maintaining roads beat up by trucks, ... We cannot make rational decisions about the benefits and costs of fracking when we close our eyes to the costs.

In North America The Oil, Gas, Coal, And Petro Chemical Industries Destroys Over One Billion Gallons Of Fresh Water Everyday With Chemical Cocktails That Can't Be Cleaned From The Water At Least Not Now.  In Canada This Contaminated Water Is Stored In Man Made Lakes,100's Of Retention Lakes Large Enough To Be See From Outer Space.  In The U.S. We're Pumping This Contaminated Water Deep Underground.  As Sad As The Destruction Of About 400 Billion Gallons Of Water Every Year The Contaminated Water Is Now Threatening To Destroy Our Remaining Water Reserves.  The North American Aquifers Are Not Recharging To Normal Levels And It's Now Forecasted That Half Of U.S. Farms Will Experience Water Shortages This Year, Affecting Crop Yield And Food Cost Roughly 20% Respectively.

80,000 wells have been fracked in Oh since 1950. If there was a problem,the water would have been affected a long time ago. High pressure water and sand do most of the cutting. It can cut a hole thru steel.

Ethylene glycol—prevents formation of scale deposits in the pipe. they use this in antifreeze to washer fluid and in fracking fluid has anybody ever read what this stuff does to the human body ?? here is a hint read the side of a washer fluid bottle it says : toxic can not be mad non poisonous.. enjoy..

Greed.

I live in the #1 fracking county in Ohio, and fracking is ruining this place. Cracked foundations from vibrations produced by drilling, and an earthquake in Youngstown confirmed to be caused by fracking, and polluted groundwater in many instances. The thing is, fracking doesn't have to be dangerous. If they actually did the geologic surveys when choosing sites and actually encased the wells correctly and actually disposed of waste correctly, there would be no problems. This is all due to corporate corner-cutting and greed.

30 years ago I asked my doc about corrective laser eye surgery when it was new .Doc told me give it some time to develop (do not be a guinea pig )

Ohio law does not allow citizens to know what chemicals are used for fracking and some of these chemicals are disposed of in deep wells ending up in natural waters. Hey Dadof3-(below) nothing wrong here. It is a open process full of honesty and no ambiguity whatsoever. Wow.

I don't have a lot of hope when the government's official position is that Brominated Vegetable Oil is "safe" for use in foods and consumables when any idiot who lived through the previous century knows that bromide burns are no joke and certainly far from "safe".It's a cold hard fact that fracking has been around a long time and has been proven over and over again to be safe. Organizations against fracking are like little children screaming " I WANT MY WAY, I WANT MY WAY !!!! "  They're the TROLLS of the environment.

Poor rural areas will become boom towns with this much better technology like ND. ND has passed AK in oil production. These people should be applauded and commended,not demagogued by people who won't be happy unless we have to use wood and charcoal instead of electricity.

Natural gas 5 yrs. ago-$15. Natural gas today $3. Libs just hate when people 1000 times smarter than them come up with better ways to get energy. Geologist and various types of engineers. have developed a way to extract as much oil from 1 well that 10 years ago would have needed 50.

Professional students supported by their rich parents on another protest to keep importing oil from Islamic terrorists polluting the atmosphere, they don't care about the price at the pump, daddy pays.

Sounds like they shut them down for washing out a frac trailer.

Average depth of an oil well in OH is 9,000 ft.  Average depth of a water well- 175 to 250 feet.

Opposition to fracking does not constitute being a crybaby, a nutcase, or a rich kid.All production of energy involves environmental risks.   Objective, fact-based, peer-reviewed, publicly-debated analyses, accompanied by rational, measurable regulations and disciplined enforcement, are time-proven tools for managing such risks.For many years I was a US military officer responsible for preparation for operations in austere environments, and one of the cardinal planning rules (to paraphrase Vince Lombardi) was "Water isn't everything, it's the only thing"--meaning that all other considerations are irrelevant if there is no source of water that can be made fit to drink.   Special caution concerning risks to groundwater therefore seems appropriate.The existence of lobbyist-driven special-interest legislation such as the "Halliburton Loophole," which exempts the gas industry and only the gas industry from provisions of the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Clean Water Act, seems a source of legitimate concern.  What would be the purpose of such a loophole, and its corresponding lack of transparency and auditability for fracking processes, if not to shield the industry from costs or liability while transferring risk to the general population?

Ohio should review these activists and turn off their heat and let them sit in the dark. You can clean water from the worlds septic tank (The Oceans) then I know you could clean frac water and drink it.

I am from Ohio, and any of us that have researched this at all do no want it. Our politicians ignore us, are stuck with this terrible process. I hope this works, even if the approach is shaky.

If all of you anti fracking people are really serious about not allowing fracking then show how sincere you are by turning off the gas meter on your home or apartment.and we just keep killing the earth and ourselves.....aren't we just so intelligent.

Fracking Rulez!!

Frack 'em. Our land, our environment, our country!

It seems quite rediculous that a state would allow companies to fill wastewater wells with substances that are completely unknown to the state regulators. If they are NOT harmful compounds, why not disclose what they contain and have a testing program? It is more likely that they ARE harmful and a deal was struck behind closed doors to hide the facts!

lol,   jonhhy boy is a liar he is stealing ohio out of all the money he can and if you voted for him get ready for all the new taxes he is giving you to pay  lol  he us a used car salesman lies all the time his mouth opens and then he gets the people aroud him to lie like is that so mike. all GOP most go

"Teresa Mills, of the Center for Health, Environment and Justice, said the state Natural Resources Department has become "a captured agency."  "It's an agency that's very existence relies on the industry it regulates."...The department and Ohio EPA permanently revoked the permits of D&amp;L Energy and Hardrock Excavating after investigators observed employees dumping unknown quantities of a mixture of oil and chemically laced brine into a storm sewer on Jan. 31."That doesn't sound like a "captured agency" to me.  Rather, they are doing their job of shutting down polluters quite effectively.  You got anything else you want to try there?

all the leech want to do is suck up the $$ working folks make on lame claims wish the fools would come out and work 6 mo in the oilfields see what happens see what is put into frack water but no they have to stay in there golden cages.

tell the activist to shut the heck up

spare us all

"concentrations of technologically enhanced radioactive material "   oh yeah...  that sounds safe.   lolOhio's fracking processes are evil and ignorant; too bad OSU isn't on the casesee HBO documentary if you don't want fracking in your back yard, or move to France where nuclear energy is safe

Hydraulic Fracturing is NOT a environmentally safe practice and should be abandoned until a safe method is developed that does not use our precious clean water mixed with Lethal chemicals pumped into the ground.  Fracking and Deep Water drilling should be abolished.But NO, the Republicans would rather frack and save the unborn then admit that what they are doing is all about making more money for them, the 1%.  The environment does not enter into the equation.  When oh when will we put these dinosaurs out to pasture?

While fracking is our long term future, there should be NO hurry in figuring out its SAFE extraction, BEFORE we create our next environmental disaster out of haste, pure greed, and lax oversight!  DRILL BABY DRILL may have sounded good, but we cannot avoid dealing with the consequences of our haste, nor can we afford it!

The Oil&amp;Gas industry is very reluctant to give up their gravy train. That is what is at stake in this fight. This time things are different, and the people really want to move towards fossil free alternatives. Only additional pressure will make them change their ways. Keep it up!

I cant believe we are allowed to say fracking here on earth, boy are starbuck and appollo gonna snarf a galagog when they hear!

Once you screw up your water, you screwed.

The telephone has been around in ohio since 1950 also. Hardly the same operation today. You can always drink the water from lake erie, its crystal clear just like in 1950.

Keep the public in the dark. What they don't know will hurt them.

Its pretty sad that they say deep injection wells are used to dispose of fracking and oil drilling waste when they dispose chemicals from every industry in the united states.  But they keep trying to convince the public that deep injection wells identical hydraulically fractured wells used to drill oil and natural gas when they are not.  Typical BS

This is just one problem in a long list of problems with this type of High-Volume Horizontal Slickwater Fracturing. Anyone that really cares, From both sides. Should watch a youtube video of a professor at Cornell Dr. Anthony Ingraffea. He worked in the industry for 20 years. Is a foremost expert on "Fracture Mechanics". Is all about drilling. But is against this kind of fracking. Watch a video and see for yourself the truth and really just how bad it is. we only have 25-30 years to turn things around, and this is not the answer. Really more of a problem, which he shows in some of his videos. Depends which one you watch really. they are all free that i have watched.I could debate PR folks on here all day, I could point out cases of groundwater contamination in different states. Why I got so interested. What made me so mad, When I found out they were allowed to dump this wastewater in PA from 2002 to spring 2011 approx. Almost straight into PA rivers. they will say it was treated. I could show you a article form the NY times, where a INDUSTRIAL treatment plant owner admitted only 50% of the chemicals and NONE of the radiation was removed. The number for TDS of the charts also. That is what set me off, to find out more like the stuff they were spraying on my roads? Yep pretty sure BRINE from fracking. Radioactive or contaminated? How would I know? How would you know?