oh well there goes the lower pump prices

Don't you just love these "glances"...The oil companies can forever thank their buddies on Wall Street as they make MILLIONS in profits daily on the backs of Americans who are attempting to make ends meet...

Problem is most American energy suppliers and production is undercut by OPEC countries !!Also take into effect the devaluation of the dollar from overspending in government and over printing !!

always a worried liberal concerned over oil company stock prices, profit, and those evil tax brakes, BUT never a concerned liberal over any tech company profits or tax brakes, I never hear a bad word about Apple , or any tech companies

You can get lpg for a little over $2.00 a gallon, but it costs thousands to convert your vehicle to burn both lpg or gasoline and then the state and federal governments tax the hell out of you with road taxes and permits. They are all in this for the money, the Government and Big Oil.

What la la land are people living in when they believe Oil Refiners are making $40 profit on refining $90 oil. Oh the ill informed. Must be a lib in dreamland.

Libs should all be riding bicycles

Oil UPS or DOWNS  PRICES ... SMELLS  PROFITS

To all you oil company haters... you forget the government makes more on a gallon of gas than the oil companies do. Now who is the problem?

Just part of the Bush legacyIsn't it amazing that even with a Democrat in the WH, the oil companies are doing so well?

want a simple outlook and honest ?? here.. fork it over at the pump.. or walk..

Oil companies get rich on the working class , they go up and down on prices while laughing at us, yet our wages do not increase.

Ohhh...It said "Early Glance: Oil companies"...I thought the rest of it was going to say..."are ripping off Everyone"

When one of these American geniuses pefects a hydrogen fuel cell, gasoline combustion engines will be running on seawater and big oil will be out of business.

WOW the stock is going down faster than gas prices

Hard to feel sorry for an oil company's stock tumbling. Must be nice to claim a loss in the market but post record billions in sales for each quarter.

A pox on all their houses.

Gas Prices,4 years of hel-l

Big Oil...Getting their money's worth out of every politician they own and we keep re-electing.The issue is wallstreet and the commodities brokers.

When does the nationalization begin.. ..the economy is a national security issue.  When one entity can totally collapse the economy and cause millions to loose everything, something is wrong when the leadership elected stands idoly by and allows the nation to be pillaged by greedy thieves.Something is wrong when we have so much oil that the number one export is gas/oil, yet we are still paying $4-$5 a gallon, when just 12 years ago gas was under a dollar a gallon.

Aww poor oil companies. Please congress give them more subsidies. We can't afford to hurt the job creators.

The top 5 auto companies made more than the oil companies last year. Why don't you libs go pick on them for a change.

The government is not going to do anything about oil and gas prices because they are raking in so much tax money from it.....its basically a big, but hidden tax hike!!!

Oil companies make the same profit margin (what's left after overhead costs) no matter what the gross profits are.  The profit is surprisingly small per gallon.  They are forced to pay higher prices to buy foreign oil to refine. Blame Washington for not allowing oil companies to drill and pump our domestic oil reserves or build pipe lines to refineries from Canada.

I'd love to be able to short Aaron's comment.  Big Oil will never be out of business. Just in a different energy sector.  Why don't you all hedge and buy energy stocks?  I think alternative fuel will be something your children or grandchildren will be dealing with much more than any of you.  Wake up.

Here are some facts and I've been in the oil &amp; gas industry for over 30 years. While all other American companies pay .20 of every dollar of profit the oil companies and only the oil companies have to pay .40 of every dollar. This is the profit gains tax. The oil companies get no subsidies no matter what you hear from Obama. What they do get to deduct is if they replace equipment they get to deduct the value of the equipment being replaced. That is the only subsidy they get, period. Which is not a subsidy. You might say after bills and all they made 40 billion dollars profit which is true but over 90% of that is allocated for drilling and exploration for the following year. So no matter what people think noboy reinvests and creates good jobs like the oil business!

Gas prices are up above $4 a gal in California and rising.

DRILL, BABY,  DRILL, Three words B_O hates How much MORE money will he need tonight???Where are the budjet cuts put his family on a  budget: tSENATEeHey big oil companies....what's the big idea, see??!!

Peak Oil.

Don't trust your government or stats from oil companies.

Oil companies in USA may not use a gun to hold you up,, They use a Nooze at the Gas Pump.There is no mercy by the Oil Company. While our Elective Officers look the other way. $$$$$$$$$$$$$..  America is the number top seller of Oil now.  It is called CONTROL!

Natural gas-  enough reserves on private or state controlled land to supply 100% of the nation's needs.  Relative price 1/2 that of oil.Oil- 80% of reserves on Federally controlled land, Obama cuts leases by 50% and production falls 40% on Obama controlled reserves.Oil price doubles during his administration while the US has several times the oil of any other country on earth.This very clearly explains why oil prices climb with every glimpse of a recovery.  The situation will not change while Obama is president.

Jan 9, 2013 at 2:23 pmArticle titled"Big Oil Lobby Claims The Industry ‘Gets No Subsidies, Zero, Nothing’""Despite ranking among the most profitable corporations in the world, Big Oil benefits from $4 billion in annual tax breaks. It fights to maintain them through aggressive political donations, lobbying, and heavy ad spending, but also employs another tactic: Pretending these tax breaks don’t exist.""ExxonMobil, Chevron, and ConocoPhillips have paid federal tax rates well below the 35 percent top corporate rate, a far cry from paying “more than our fair share”. ExxonMobil, for instance, paid a 13 percent tax rate in 2011, after drilling deductions and benefits, and 14 percent on average between 2008 and 2010."

In addition to having taxes increased on the middle class, increasing capital gains taxes on middle class pensions and dramatically increasing the cost of healthcare with Obamacare Obama is responsible for doubling oil prices which is a tax that hits the middle class very hard and the poor the hardest.Obama's insistence on increasing the use of ethanol is a cruel tax that increases the cost of food which hits the middle class and poor exceptionally hard.  It is a tax that, according to the World Health Organization has caused the deaths of over 200,000 people, mostly in foreign countries where many live a subsistence existence.Obama is the world's cruelest tax man.

Liberals claim that oil companies are getting subsidies when they claim business expenses that every business in the country is entitled to.They claim that the hundreds of billions in capital building grants, payments for every kwh equal to the cost of power at wholesale cost, mandatory purchase of the world's most expensive power and the required building of power plants to back-up this wildly variable power and the enrichment of Obama's supporters with tens of millions of dollar each (all at taxpayer expense) are 'investments' in the 'future'

None are american oil, So who cares, scabs anyways.

it's like getting my prostate milked, little Tom can't decide if he should go up or down. in the end I guess like all Americans I like getting f'd or I'd demand real action on this slow motion train wreck.Oil companies would pay far more in taxes if they produced more oil in the US.  Much of the lower tax is due to the fact that 45% of our oil has to be imported and oil companies pay a lot of foreign taxes on it and they do not return foreign profits to the US because of the high taxes they would have to pay.If Obama took his boot of the throat of US energy development 100% of our oil would be produced in the US allowing for $400 billion of oil production to be taxed.  It would create millions of jobs in oil development and these employees would pay taxes as well.  More millions of jobs would be created in industries dependent on oil and natural gas.  These millions of jobs would create billions in new revenue.That would be the way to raise taxes, but Democrats reject increasing jobs and oil independence and insist raising everyone's taxes while keeping policies in place that keep unemployment high is the way to go.It's not working, but they don't seem to be smart enough to figure it out and it seems many posting here have the same problem.

Tax them 100 percent anytime they raise prices that is considered price goughing.

Oh Horaay! Horaay! Gas was up 15 cents a galon this morning -- my reality

End subsidies to oil co. that will be a start to not give these rich co. welfare.

my sto#$%$ is up as well....up my #$%$

stock market is a corporate ruled scheme...has been from day one

This thread is a perfect example of the stupidity (and inability to spell correctly) of the general public.  Those who think that oil companies receive subsidies and engage in price gouging (not goughing) are either idiots or just want to blame someone for what they think are high prices.  You want high prices?  When BHO turns America into a Europe look-alike, you'll long for $4 gasoline.  There are no government subsidies for producing hydrocarbons.  There are, however, subsidies for wind power which is the only way that it is profitable.  Buy a fuel efficient car and check out the percentage of big oil stock in your mutual fund.

I have a question for the people that think the oil companies get some special subsidies ( tax breaks ). What are they, can you name any that only the oil companies get ?If you want to cut the tax breaks for oil companies then just say so. But remember that if you raise the taxes for a company they will raise their price to pay the extra taxes. So if you want to pay higher prices at the pump just say so.And do you think it's right to raise the taxes of only one group of companies ? Or should we raise the taxes on all companies ? Then we can pay more for everything.

take the $40 of speculation out of the oil market.

no matter what heir Losses are the koch brothers TEA and GOP Congress will give them bigger TAX Breaks to cover their Losses and Bigger Bonuses and Pay and even bigger Paid TAX Free Perks like the TEA and GOP Congress get.Wont Really Matter after the "Cliff Hits".....Most People Will Lose What Little Money They Have..&amp; Oil Companies will be Forced To Drop prices or Shut down.

The stock market crashed the day after the re-election (I've never known this to happen before) and has not recovered since.

Oil companies are the root of all evil.

OK, so now we can end the oil subsidies.

Religions and the Masters of the Hydrocarbons Empires Control the Illiterate Masses!All religions are the opium of the masses.Who Controls YOU/US!!!!The World and Middle East Masses wish for Democracy = Control of Oil and Currency = Control of own Destiny.The evolution of the merchant class social structure is established by corrupt and illiterate people, by bribing tribal members or voters with promises of improved political jobs, infrastructure and jobs. The Totalitarian Fascist classes install corrupt rulers, politicians and party bosses in the government. In power, they are more of interest in personal gains for their selves and their contributors than in solving the social and economic problems of the people. They enact and enforce the rules of dress in every society to sell more square meters of cloth to the illiterate masses. Therefore, they support religious fascist governments that require women and men to be cover from head to toe. The world Fascist Governments Think Tanks Strategic data indicate, due to the fact that 7 billion illiterate people believe in one form or another in the superstitious religions.Thus, the belief in superstitious religions is the ultimate tool to influence, to divide and control the masses. As a result, we, the masses remain a poor and a backward lot. We live and die by eternal quantity trade. To comprehend and profit from our knowledge of this concept of who controls us is the best indicator that the reader has evolved beyond the traditional social values and now possess the ability to think out of the box to precede to the pentium of efficiency in life. Tunisia, Libya, Syria and Egypt are shining lights of the Arab World, an evolutionary step to a more democratic society, but their citizens remain marred in religious backwardness. Hopefully, the remainder of the illiterate masses in the repressive religious States/Countries will discontinue being a burden to the educated class of free thinkers in our social network.All religions are dirty little mind altering drugs that are broadcast by the radical Fascist governments state and federal controlled media propaganda apparatus to control the masses. Religion and its practice is an imprisonment of the mind, all consuming, that scars the nerve endings, thought patterns, destroys and holds hostage the creativity in humans.Religion is not a democratic thought process, it is a DICTATORSHIP. Like GW Bush stated: “Either you are with us or you are not.” Religion’s manifesto is centered to control the emotion of the victim’s mind – the command and control center of the human body. Thus, thru its implementation by the Radical Fascist Governments they maintain total control and multiplication of the masses; to fund their existence they entice thru mass media their subjects to attend the great sales of the new product lines, the latest fashions display at the Great Religious Malls of the World. The RFG’s ultimate goal is to empty the bank accounts of its victims, thus to reduce the percentages of people from reaching financial independence, to keep the worker bees too busy to reach the queen, to keep the wheels of industry in motion.The RFG’s use of Religion is the ultimate tool to keep the masses employed in the industry of supply and demand. The alternative to this Capitalist system is the masses marching in the streets of the nation’s capitals demanding change. The Industrial World war machine corporations and Hydrocarbon producer’s corporations support and encourage the Fascist Dictators of Egypt, Tunisia, Malaysia, Libya, Iraq, China, North Korea, Pakistan, Iran and Saudi Arabia, for without an enemy and customer/client of the idea of a different ideology of radical Fascist governments there is no demand for weaponry to protect the opposite belief of democracy, thus no jobs, and the masses begin marching in the streets to demand the ousting of the aristocrats in power.

You people know that when the price of oil goes down they shut down rigs in the US right?

IS THAT ALL !!! they should get huge tax brakes and incentives and more pipelines at taxpayer expense and be free of any pollution requirments just use our lakes as holding ponds THEY POOR GUYS NEED OUR HELP AND UNDERSTANDING IT'S HARD TO STAY RICH WHEN THE POOR DON'T DIE QUICK ENOUGH AND KEEP SUCKING  ON OUR TIT

Its the petro dollar folks    look  it up   then reply please

reid is a bandit and wont lose a dollar except the taxpayers nice leadership blind leading the blind whats new

Yahoo, ask oil companies for their position on secession.The masses must know the people they crawl in bed with, the Fascists Dictators they sleep with before they install them and keep them in power. Life, as a democracy is an evolutionary process. Three things in life to always remember... You lead, follow or get the hell out of the way; otherwise your competition will run you over. As a direct result of 4,000 years of belief in superstitious religions used by a tribal elite illiterate ruling dictatorship class with oil wealth and weapons development to finance their Fascist dictatorships, they control the masses. It is not a matter of if, but a matter of when the world masses will eventually be educated on hydrocarbons/oil that controls their daily existence. The Fascist Dictators can continue to try to silence evolution of the masses but for everyone they lock-up or murder there are billions standing in line to demand, to fight for freedom for all people to achieve their dream of basic human rights and free speech. Freedom of speech is the political right to communicate one's ideas via speech. The term freedom of expression is sometimes used synonymously, but includes any act of seeking, receiving and imparting information or ideas, regardless of the medium used. In practice, the right to freedom of speech is not absolute in the Philippines, Middle East Arab and Persian countries, neither in Russian, China nor India.A new generation of educated citizens of the United States will elect a secular American President (definitely not Obama or any other American that has not resided outside the United States), that possess the knowledge to understand the human rights abuses in the teachings and practices of Islam, all religions, and is not paid off by the Saudi Royal Family, the House of Saud rulers of Saudi Arabia. This well-traveled educated President of the United States will send their all-volunteer army to invade Saudi Arabia and the complete Middle East, including Iran to rid its citizen and the world of the Fascist Dictators who rule in the name of religion. The masses in the Middle East must remember that the West possess the ultimate weapon, even greater than their silly simple little superstitious mind belief in a god/allah. As history has proven, the United States Government will use their nuclear weapons of mass destruction to maintain their power and dominance over the world.A Dawn of a New Revolution! Our Democratic Manifesto. The world masses are telling the Nations Fascist Dictators that their forced rule in the name of religion is not working and will never work. Thus, we demand their immediate resignation. What next? What will we install to replace the religious induced insane Fascist Religious Dictators?

The reason we invaded Iraq and now must go to war with Iran.The number one traded currency in the world is totally dependent on the black gold in the ground in the Middle East and Africa.The US Dollar – Petrodollars is backed by our military protection of the Iraq, Saudi Arabia and the entire Middle East. It is called the nuclear deterrent, atomic bombs parked on the aircraft carrier – the USA Fifth Fleet in the Bahrain Port and in Incirlik, Turkey.  You see, our Fort Knox is in the Middle East; it contains black gold, Texas tea. The industrial nations will be in Iraq and the Middle East until the oil is depleted, especially the USA, the industrial nations can never leave Iraq and the ME. All due the fact they are not an exporter of oil. Oil, the cheapest, less expensive commodity that supplies the energy to drive their industrial might.Why will the United States Military invade Iran? Since the US Treasury Department enforced on International Banks the embargo of all purchases of Iranian oil in USD. Now the South East Asian countries i.e. India, China, Japan and South Korea are purchasing Iranian oil in Japanese Yen and a basket of other currencies, but not the USD. Thus, this is the beginning of the great decline of the USD, the fall from grace, the beginning of other oil exporting nations to not using solely the USD for oil purchases. As a direct result of the United States Government being a $200 Trillion debtor nation, by the purchases of oil not being solely in USD. This means that the USD is no longer in great demand and a great decline in the abundance of USD in circulation through-out the world. The United States Government can no longer just print more money to fund their debt, for without the demand there is no supply. Thus, in order for the United States Government to support its national debt, national interest, the United States is forced to go to war with Iran to correct this imbalance for the demand for the USD, for the United States Government is totally dependent on the USD as the world currency and the USD must remain the world currency for all nations to purchase oil in order for the United States Government to support its national debt of $200 Trillion.The industrial nations need Bahrain as a logistics base to support their control of the oil and to invade Iran. The fear is… if Bahrain goes so does Saudi Arabia. The four, now consolidated as 2 major USA Oil Companies i.e. ExxonMobil, ChevronTexaco distribute the Saudi oil in their 60,000 each international network of convenience stores. This is the way the United States corporations and government are in bed with our worst threat to democracy, a terrorist Islamic nation, Saudi Arabia.The industrial world strategic planning department, the pentagon have been planning the invasion of Iran from the day the shah fell from power, and the Bahrain people have upset the donkey cart, thrown a monkey wrench into the planners critical path management chart.

The only way we could really lower the price of oil would be for the government to take control of our (the US) oil supply. We would still have to buy oil from South America and Canada at world market prices however. I doubt people really want the government taking over the oil industry in the US anytime soon.

If we put a tariff or import duty on foreign oil that would make domestically produced oil more profitable for oil companies our gas &amp; oil prices would not be so impacted by Opec &amp; world events. If the EPA regulations weren't so prohibitive &amp; adhering to them so expensive, oil companies would build more refineries. These steps would increase jobs through building &amp; operating refineries, through domestic drilling, &amp; reduce our cost at the pump.

rbob up .21 cents in two days holiday, huh?

These comments are OLD!  Is this a current article?

I am voting for the party that proposes an Energy Policy passage in the next year. It's about 150 years overdue.

To my American friends please do not keep thinking that B.P. is a Cash Cow I think U have soaked enough.Thank You jbjb.

Mr President and Senate, we need OIL and JOBS, we are not asking for a hand out, start drilling in our shores and our land, do not send our jobs to other countries, also tax any company that send their work overseas, when we drill tax any gas living our country to other countries...

HYDROCARBONS that is the common denominator in all that we eat, touch, smell, buy, and use.... Untill there is a suitable substitute for OIL in all the above and if the worlds population doesn't grow there's a posssibility that oil prices won't increase......Otherwise politics, laws, and revolutions won't change the pump price...It is a matter of acceptance and attempts to modify my personal demand for BTU's in any form............Jim, gasoline pricing is not set by the oil companies....pricing is based upon what the market will bare.  The most influencial element is the NEWS MEDIA and they report on sensationalism and bad facts....dealers listen and react based upon other dealers.  Oil companies monitor the pump transactions and react.  We need the NEWs to quit reporting prices are going up.

This country runs on OIL everything is moved by oil even your bicycles, food, refrigeration,electricity, so if ya don't want these luxury items just keep voting for the same (GOB's)  Good Old Boys in congress

the last time oil was @ 98 dollars we payed less then 3 dollars a gal. but the price at the pump has gone up! it appears to me that if all the oil rap us with no storms off the coast is okay! this is not the american way that i know! greed suck and at this rate the oil co. will profit 1 trillion dollars this year! when will it stop?

Let's develop the vast whale oil reserves in the South Pacific, before the Japanese do.

Drill

I guesss I won't be taking that road trip this weekend like I wanted.

My portfolio held on to gains all through this volatile market.........until today. Really not a big deal....yet. I lose more in Vegas on a week-end visit.

I believe what is happening is the saudis want Obama to be the next president so they are kicking up the production.  The people feeding at this trough (lure) will then say "This is good" and Obama gets another term.  Then the price will go up to recoup the losses to get Obama elected.  That's my view.  Plausible?  Remember the BOW and who paid for the Harvard education?  We probably could find out about Ted Bundy's financing to Harvard before we could learn about Obama's financing.

We have all this oil now, so why is gas so expensive?