Are they going to check into the suicide as well?

I wonder if he'll finally find religion in prison.

It sound to me like the police did not do a thorough job after his 2nd wife died.  Blood in the garage?  Crow bar to the head?  Maybe I am spoiled by the investigations I see on TV.

wherever there are people there are crimes

See, it isnt just Catholic priests who commit crimes...just sayin...

Another clergyman gone bad, really bad. For religious reasons, he probably doesn'tbelieve in divorce because it is a sin. But murder is OK. All churches should requirethorough background checks of their clergyman. This will not completely solve the problem of corrupt clergyman but it may help. This is a terrible tragedy for the Churchand all the families impacted by these crimes.

A ppastor, a lawyer and a judge walk into a courtroom...

Clergymen are too often the sickest, most depraved sub-human beings in this planet.I can name a few, I'm sure some came to your mind as well already.

He would make a good God Person for Afganistan.

Okay everyone, murderers are murderers no matter their occupation.I mistrust   all clergyman!  I even gave up my church cause of gay rights!  They want to change the bible words  when not suppose too. You preach one thing from the bible and then ok the other thing and that is ok now days. Just makes Satan stronger that's all. Now days you just have to believe your way by yourself and leave it like that. Church is good in many ways  but to many issues now days in the way. I give up on all of them  sigh!

I feel bad for his former congregation. They had faith in him to preach and live God's Word. Everything was a lie.

Just goes to show you bad people are everywhere.

Another so called um Pastor going to jail.That seems to be about as rare,as the sun rising from the east these days.

Yes, amid all these scandals involving clergy many people question Christianity itself. however all this does not change the teaching of Jesus at all.

Men of God is beginning to sound like a joke.

People like this makes it hard for good pastors andit also goes to show that everyone is human and have the WILL to just about anything they want too!  Life maybe he can save some of the criminals in jail with his sermons.  I wonder who would listen?

Lots of evil inside the one-time "pastor" who takes to using his bare hands to beat an innocent woman's life from her. He stands to get a beat-down in prison.

He killed TWO WIVES?  Not the marrying kind I guess.

If there is a H^E^L^L,i'm pretty sure he is a candidate and a shoo inHe must not believe in the ten commandments if he killed two wives. I hope his cell mates will take care of him.

Can't be true, the supernatural deity of this specific religion certainly wouldn't allow this to happen...! I mean come on people... a god with all that power and infallibility letting one of his spokespersons do this type of thing???What? Priests... raping children? over and over..?? OH! Never-mind!

killed his second wife...and the first?!?! oh my gosh! horrible!

sheesh, you can't make this kinda stuff up!

I wonder if he tried the "It was Gods will" as his defense.

There was nothing religious about this mans actions, it was a man of the cloth that suffered from the ME disease, me, me and only me! He had no concern for the women everything was all about him. He should have focused on "everything that happens in the dark, for I will bring to light"!

Go well forgive him maybe he can share a cell with Jerry Sandusky

I just saw this case on TV on one of the "true murder mystery" channels.  He was convicted on the TV show.  I wonder which conviction came first........

The Bible teaches that if he committed premeditated murder, he should be put to death.  God values life so highly that if you take a life, you should lose yours.  This is apart from war and accidental death.  Killing an unborn child has the same penalty.  There are 1.2 million of those every year.

I wonder how many wives a pastor needs to kill before he winds up in prison?Two marriages both wives dead with-in a short time of each other,  and an affair with his secretary?  Hmmm it dosn't appear that he maybe guilty.

I'm sorry, i'm not shocked nor surprised!

...And they ask me why I turned away from Christianity...

Sounds like the cardinal that says pedophelia is a disease and not a crime.

Well this  is you typical bible thumping  jerks  there all fgd  freaks and use the bible as a cover .Most folks that go to church are nut cases  listen  up  bible  loonies the sun god days are  over there never was a god its voo doo . Get a real job and work for a living !

Only in Pennsylvania.  What a screwed up and ugly state.  Anytime I have to head south from NYC I purposely drive down through Jersey to avoid even entering the keystone craphole.

Now if they would just put Mahoney away...we could get back to believing.

Marriage vows are " 'til death do we part..." . Or something like that. It doesn't specify natural death, so I guess he's still good with god.

Guys like this really give true believers a bad name..

I'm not suprise with the white priest raping the boys, and now this lying white trash have kill his wife. I don't know what its going to take for this country to stop pointing fingers and understand we have a serious problem among good and evil and it doesn't have any color.What?? You mean a non-Catholic pastor(Methodist)  did something bad? I thought according to all the comments you read on Yahoo, that Catholics are the only clergy who do evil things. What do you know. Who would have thought?

Becoming a pastor is as simple of doing an online application. In 2 weeks you get your cert as a pastor. Its free in the universal life church.

Sigh

The devil made him do it!

some guys just should not get married...and all of us should stop believing we can speak on behalf of God. when one of these folks say "God told me to do this or that"...i right away think someone is hearing voices. there is a diagnosis for that. and its amazing how many times what God tells them involves us giving them money??

i guess that's an argument for celbacy.

Though shall not kill thy wife with thy hammer.

A pastor, accused of killing his two wives. He was also accused of having affairs with somebody's wife which resulted in the husband committing suicide. God, deliver us from the evil men (and women) do in the name of religion.

another christian leader not practicing what he preaches

Two wives dead by violent means.....tooooooooo much of a coincidence!Saw this on "48 Hours" not long ago and thought his daughters were idiots and so naive.

No death penalty please...to let him sit on his own without the grace of a prison attack (quick death) and actually contemplate his crime/sin for a couple decades is what he truly needs.

Anyone with access to a computer can become a pastor!

maybe he'll find God in prison, they always do.

Shouldn't be long before the fundies from the Religion of Atheism™ come on here to evangelize the non-nonbelievers....

I'm sure this guy was a law abiding citizen before he wasn't... Right Teatard's? Or god's will again?

This will become a movie, I guarantee it!

5 bucks says he is a white man

What's a pastor...?

A congressman, a preacher and a prostitute are before St. Peter. He asks each one to state why they belong in heaven. " Oh I have served the Lord says the preacher. I have served my country says the politico. I have served them both says the prostitute. You may enter lady says St. Pete."Nothing like another religious leader or politico who says one thing and does another.

#$%$ menas #$%$, she deserved it

And the girlfriend, should he get free victim number three didnt hear anything that would show he's guilty.. How about two dead former wives,?

juist an xtra pair of drawers to wash.

Not only are they pedophiles, now their murderers also, what has this world come too...

makes me glad i,m not mnarried, u don,t know what ur living,sleeping with.

This is a man of God.If he did it, he was executing God's judgment!!!

Let me make it perfectly clear to you.  This man is NOT a pastor.  Read the article.

The title of the article says "Pastor," but the article says "former pastor,"  which is it?  You are not telling the truth.  Had he been a former boxer, senator, governor, gardener, etc. would you have written former before the job title?  Why the discredit?  Why the defamation?  He is not a pastor!

the church is such a comfort to all us true believers - just try not to get killed or have your children sexually abused.  Such a small price to pay.I think 90 percent of all clergy are men of God...I get tired of those who make news and some people seem to blame the Church. I am sure the Church never told him to hurt anyone.  I am also tired of people who never went to church One Day in their lives ...who never connected to decide that all christians are stupid sheep

Hmm Mary Wrinkler got 6 months for killing a pastor when he was asleep just by claiming abuse.

Most preachers are criminals. Unfortunately, most of them get away with it.

His pure and vicious hatred of women rings through loud and clear!  It's men like this that make DOMA a living joke!  Just what exactly is it that many Republicans are trying to "protect", when the divorce rate amongst straight couples is fiercer, more vicious, and higher than ever?!!!  Don't believe me?  Then Google it.  You'll find, sadly, that there are more than 7,000 heterosexual marriages in America each day, and more than 3,000 divorces!  Then check out Bill O'Reilly's truly nasty and scathing divorce from his now ex-wife, McPhilmy.  He is a truly sadistic, twisted, women-hating, dispicable excuse for a man, for DOMA and for marriage in general.This case also draws much needed fire and ire on the violence in the world and in this nation and the church as a body...all justified in the name of God/Yah!???  The hypocrisy of them all...they should all lose their fellowship.  Killing is never premise, much less something ordered by God/Yah because He told us NOT to kill.  I wonder if this pastor ever heard of, say...DIVORCE?!!  It certainly wouldn't be the first time a minister was divorced, but it does leave a happier option and a far more reasonable tomorrow than the alternative; murder!  TWICE!!Personally, I feel that since we cannot GIVE life (beyond the typical inception/conception procession), then neither do we have the power to TAKE life.Still, though, I pray for all those effected in this terrible tragedy.  May YAHWEH/GOD lift up all of their souls.Hiding behind a religion will not save you from the wrath God/Yah."  JON

You boneheads that go to church, stay at home and read the Bible. Pastors are some the worst people you can come across. It has been proven over and over again.

let me guess he was catholic or not? I guess it does not matter, Man am I glad I have my own church within myself because most of those who go to church are opposite of what claim to be maybe that's why it has been so easy for the priest clergy rabbi minister and so forth to have had an easy time of doing some of the damage they have.

i thought white on white crime didn't exist.

I looked his name up to see what he looked like and boy, you can see the dishonesty all across his face. He looks just like my Avatar picture of Romney. Sorry I should have said "Manikin Mitt."

He chose the wrong religion.  Had he been a Muslim, it would have been considered an "honor" killing.

5 bucks says this #$%$ is related to the Pope