If they would have carried it through, the ACLU would have sued the school system for not protecting the victims from overt cyberbullying.

Apparently, it's ok to talk about killing people as long as you use emoticons...

I do not care if these twits used smiley faces or LOL. If I see anyone threatening my child you better be prepared to back up your statements because if any harm comes to my child I am coming after you regardless of your stupid smiley faces.

I just don't get kids today.  There have been people in my life I didn't like, that bullied me when I was a kid, but I never thought of killing anyone.

Threatening to kill someone is not free speach, the ACLU got this one wrong. If it was my child they threatened their would be a court order requiring them to keep 1000 feet away, and if they violated it they would unfortunately pay a much higher price than expulsion from school.

If I had threatened the other kids at school like these girls did, my parents, my brothers, and the nuns would have beat that notion out of my head.

This is insane!  Can a person carry a bomb onto a plane as long as they are wearing a clown outfit, because clearly that means they are joking, right?

The ACLU.  The gift that keeps on giving.

Now when one of these girls or others acts on threats with smiley faces can we sue the ACLU? Death threats are serious business. Look what happened to Peterson. Witnesses gave testimony containing hear say evidence and he was convicted. The ACLU says the school should have known these were not threats. Wel as I see I it the ACLU wins both ways. hey sued and won for the girls. If they had indeed shot or killed the students listed, the ACLU would have sued that Griffith schools did not protect them.

Future parents.What a scary thought.So if a serial killer laughs about it, is it ok? No. He is a sick demented person. Everyone is talking about how people should have been looking at the history of these people who went on rampages at schools and theaters. Everyone says they had a history of threats and violence. According to that it was just a matter of time before the girls did the same. What makes anyone think it is ok to joke about killing people? To actually talk about it enough to plan not only how to kill them but how to dispose of the body?

They might want to hold off on that for a while.  Just today they arrested and charged two girls in Ohio for threats of violence from a face book page.The idiots who use face book had better take a hard look and make this a wake up call.

Who is raising children to act like this.   my daughter would have had to deal wiyh me, then she would have had to appologize to each person she mentioned.

The ACLU will protect people making death threats but they'll do nothing to protect our rights to defend ourselves with weapons.  A sham organization if there ever was one.

Wouldn't you just love to be a school administrator in 21st C  America - any one of your decisions to enforce school policy can make NATIONAL NEWS  !!

Seriously??  You mean, all I have to do is put a smiley face next to a death threat and it suddenly, miraculously changes into a joke? Well. Hot damn. However, I have a feeling that if ACLU attorney, Gavin Rose, received one of those he probably wouldn't be laughing.

Indiana attorney Gavin Rose can kiss my behind! this is whats wrong with the world! hey you cant function in society, no problem, let this lawyer change the rules for you cause your so darn loveable and we all just want you around! or not.

Some kids get expelled for pastries that look like a gun...others stay in school after making public online statements about who they'd like to kill. Hard to find any middle ground in all that.

Why would the American Civil Liberties Union support bullying and harassment? What about the civil liberties of the victims? Something is upside down here.

So a person threatens me or my family with death on Facebook. Not me nor anyone else can do anything because afterall, it is protected free speech. Now if felt threatened enough and hunted down this person and killed them, would the ACLU defend me in court?I am generally a supporter of the ACLU but unfortunately their tendency to veer to the left at any perceived slight is getting too much. If free speech includes the ability to post, for any number of people to see, a list of who you would kill, and what weapons you would use; I for one think that there should be limits. Society has learned to their cost in recent years that NOT TAKING THREATS SERIOUSLY RESULTS IN THE DEATH OF INNOCENT PEOPLE!! Would the ACLU have been quite so keen to get involved if any of the girls had actually taken verifiable actions to carry out their ramblings? As the for the parents; instead of taking the school district to court to make a few dollars, they would be better served having hysterectomies or vasectomies; that way they won't bring any more children into this world to bring up poorly!!!!!

So they are saying the girls can make these statements, the school can do nothing about it.  But after the girls carry out the things they stated the school would be held liable for not doing anything.  We need a break, where do we draw the line.  Which I understand expelling might have been too strong of that ting to do, but doing nothing would have been worse.

Those three girls did NOT deserve a settlement of any kind. The very notion that their comments about other students, although framed with LOL and smiley faces could be construed as just a joke is ludicrous. The ACLU represented the wrong people this time.

Facebook is now an extension of Homework....

I wonder if the terrorists are going to start putting LOL and smiley faces in their communications now. "Hey Achmed, let's make a bomb LOL.  Put it in a Temple :) "

OK, let me get this straight. A 6 year girl is labeled a terrorist for talking about a bubble gun, toy soldiers on cupcakes violate the no guns policy for a first grade boy, a pop tart eaten to vaguely resemble a gun gets a boy expelled, but teenagers can discuss guns,knives, boxcutters, gasoline and bathtubs full of acid and thats ok? Had the school done nothing and the girls acted on this there would be outrage for that. The ACLU is a complete and total waste.

The ACLU needs to mind its own business sometimes and let the proper authorities handle certain situations such as this one.

no wonder our schools are failing.

All this is happening in the only Midwestern state where corporal punishment is still legal. Hmm. I think these stupid girls could really benefit from a few good whacks with a paddle on their rear ends, followed by some real detention time.

Another situation where a good spanking would work wanders, except you'd have to start the parents. In what world is any of that "ok"??And if they hadn't been expelled, and weren't "kidding" and actually killed someone, the school would be sued for not acting to stop the "bullying".  If you're dumb enough to make posts about killing someone, you should face the consequences of your actions, even if you were "just kidding".  Thanks ACLU for screwing this one up for everyone.

Really?? So I can post any threat I want to Facebook, AND USE UPPER CASE LETTERS and emoticons :P :) :D  so I can get away with it??

I can't help but wonder, if these posts that were apparently made in 'jest' were private and invite only, how did the school find out about it?

Hopefully everyone involved have learned to think before they act, but I'll bet not.

Maybe that age of children shouldn't be allowed to have a facebook account.  They certainly aren't smart or mature enough to handle the responsibility.

"But the girls' lawsuit said any reasonable person would have realized the 14-year-olds were only joking because they used emoticons such as smiley faces, terms that represent laughter including LOL, and capital letters that represent sarcasm."Or just a trio of soon to by psychopaths...

Just when I thought the ACLU could not be more damaging to life in America, I read this.

More BS.  The  teeny bobbers can tell you all they want about how it was a joke, and they didn't mean it.  But, we have all known "innocent" girls like this, and their LOL and smily faces are NOT so innocent.  Just tagging a threat doesn't negate it!   And as far as Supreme Court ruling, "the U.S. Supreme Court has generally ruled that students have free-speech rights, and schools can prohibit their speech only if it is vulgar or disruptive to schoolwork or other people. The lawsuit says the posts did not cause any disruption at school....ask the children threatened if these teen girls free speech was disruptive to them?!  I think so.  The ACLU  just sticks if's ugly nose in every case they can gain power, attention.  Our jucicial system is a joke!  The judge has tiny bolitos.  America has become a bully nation, and our justice only slaps hands to rapists, murders, drug lords, etc.   America has fallen from Grace.  It seems to sit proudly at the gates to hell.

Joke or not, how do these Parents justify their spoiled little brats making such comments/threats on the internet or anywhere else.  If the other parents kept their kids home until these girls were out of the school, the Principal would find a way to get rid of them.  I sure wouldn't want my kids in the same school with these girls.

What's a death threat anyways. Not like anyone ever carries them out, right?Why do they think smiley faces mean they weren't serious?They might just mean it would be extremely enjoyable to kill those people.Plus, maybe those people deserved it.

The settlement should be juvenile detention for these smartass terrorists.  The smiley faces imply diabolical delight in this case.

Every time they look in the mirror, they see something that looks like a chimpanzee :) :) :) joking, kidding, sarcasm.

Those girls absolutely should have been expelled.  Shame on you ACLU for making light of the problem of death threats and bullying in our schools.  SHAME ON YOU!

Shame on the ACLU.  Those girls deserved to be expelled from school. They made death threats against another person.  It doesn't matter if they were joking.  What happens to me if I shout BOMB on an airplane? Yeah, I'll get arrested.  The police don't care if I was joking.

If You go outside and threaten people, Wear a smiley mask and a shirt that says LOL.

I am really am surprised these girls were allowed to return to school. That requires sitting at a desk and if I was their parent that would not be possible for a LONG time!!!!!

Really, there should have been criminal charges.  That would have put an end to this nonsense.  Threats are not protected speech, whether they are jokes or not.

I hope they aren't allowed back. I certainly wouldn't want to be going to the same school as them.

So where does it stop?  Can I burn a cross, or hang a noose over a tree limb if I put a smiley-face on it?  I guess then I'm okay.  Again - where are the parents?Here is an idea, send a message to the White House describing what you would like to do to the President and family.  Then sit back and wait for the reaction. Be sure to use smiley faces, capitals, and other symbols to indicate it is a joke.

Let me get this straight: they got PAID for threatening to KILL other students? If I posted something like that about my co-workers on FB, you can guarantee I wouldn't be reporting for work on Monday... nor would I be paid...

I'm all for Civil Liberties, but I can't see how they won this one.  It wasn't vulgar and disruptive?  I don't know how they're defining vulgar, but to me, talking about using acid to dissolve a body is quite vulgar.As far as freedom of speech goes, the First Amendment states, "Congress shall enact no law........abridging the freedom of speech.....," which was later extended to the states as well as the federal government, but is this school district a state entity?I sure wouldn't want them in that school again.  If I were their parents, they'd be restricted from the Internet, Cell Phones, and each other for a very very long time....maybe till they're about 35.What has this taught them?  "We can make death threats and get away with it!"

Many months ago it became common for women who showed up at a demonstrations in Egypt to be molested, stripped and even raped by gangs of pro-government thugs. Groups of more liberal young men formed to patrol demonstrations and rescue women being abused.The thugs quickly learned to shout things like "Don't touch her"; "Leave her alone" and "Shame, she could be your sister" all the time they were groping and abusing.This made it very hard to tell real abusers from rescuers.Where these girls really just joking or were they providing themselves cover with smiley faces?

There's  Three Indiana girls I'd like to abduct, rape, torture and kill jk haha  LOL =) /sarcasm

These same defense attorneys would have been involved in a lawsuit against the school had the school done nothing before the same girls actually killed several designated victims.  Maybe bank robbers wearing Ron Reagan masks and brandishing AR-15s are just joking around, too!

These kind  of incidents are becoming all too common. Why is no one paying attention to these kids? These threats do not occur in a vacuum.

Post exactly what they did, except make your focus Obama, and let me know how that turns out for you.

I sure wouldn't allow any of my children to be friends with any of those three returning girls.

I presume the ACLU would represent any the the 5 girls mentioned on Facebook should they be killed by these joking juveniles?and now they have all the money they need for the college of their choice,,

I don't know which makes me sicker to my stomach; the girls and their parents or the low-life bottom feeding lawyers at the ACLU.

The whole point is, the school should have given the local police the information they had. And let them investigate.

If they got money!!!! Are you kidding me!!!

If boys had posted about raping girls how funny would that have been?  Where is the sanity and the justice for all?

Saying who you want to kill is a "joke"? Really? At this day an age where school shootings are a weekly occurrence, and there are plenty of nuts out there who would do it......and in Chicago no less? It's going to be funny when someone beats the &amp;hit out of these idiots, but does it with a smile so it is a "joke".

ACLU is a tool of Satan.

"Tom Wheeler, the Carmel attorney who represented the school district, did not immediately return a phone call Tuesday seeking comment."  - I love when articles make this type of a comment with the implied assumption that there is a requirement to return a call to a journalist.  Hey, Mr. Wilson, ever heard of attorney-client privilege/confidentiality?

ACLU, Part of whats wrong with America.

I'd recommend watching 12 Angry Men and the interaction between Lee J Cobb and Henry Fonda to learn the difference between actual threats and stupid utterances. Fonda's character goads Cobb's character into screaming "I'll kill you" to exhibit that saying things in anger (or jest in this case) doesn't necessarily mean you plan to carry out on your threat.If they had actually killed someone, then the school district would be getting sued for not expelling them.  It's a no-win situation for the school district.

The taxpayers had to pay these psycho's - but we expel grade schoolers for having cookies or sandwiches chewed to look very roughly like guns?  You liberals have finally gone stark raving mad.  If you hadn't closed the psychiatric wards we'd put you there!

I blame the parents of these girls.  How horrible to discuss killing people and then adding a smiley face?  Maybe that's what's wrong with our society? People should be banned from having children until they take a parenting test.

Likem it or not, free speech is free speech. As daniel Webster once said to a colleague in the US Senate: I do not agree with one word you have said, but I will defend with my life your right to say it.

I cannot imagine being a kid in school today.  We would have been expelled, incarcerated, shipped off to reform school, expatriated, excommunicated, locked up, sealed away.  Heck, I would still be in some form of lock-down these many years later.

Happy faces and LOLs (whatever that is). Giggle giggle. The 18 year old who murdered three other kids in Ohio, T.J. Lane, smiled and snickered at the family's of the victims. The ALCU is as out of control as PETA.

Your tax dollars at work.

The ACLU is what's wrong with America how can they defend these idiots.  I'm going to stab you LOL.

Now the First and Second Amendments are under heavy attack.  Our Constitution is headed for the toilet.  On the other hand the law needs to lighten up on parents who need to institute some corporal punishment on headstrong and insensitive children.  Parents should be the first line of defense in society when it comes to keeping on the straight and narrow.

The notion of giving students independent rights in a "loci parentis" situation is just plain stupid.  The notion that student have free speech rights or self incrimination rights or privacy rights at school is just plain stupid dumb and simply is not founded in any common sense.  So if these decisions were taken to their logical conclusion, parent could not control their children's speech, could not search their rooms for drugs, condoms, birth control, and would have to provide them counsel before they could interrogate them about the cigarettes they found in the child's room.  And of course they would have to advise the child that they did not have to incriminate themselves.What happened to "loci parentis"?  If it does not exist anymore, then parents need to go to school with their children and be responsible for their behavior.  And of course, when the child brings a gun or a bomb to school, the parent of course will search the child's locker, will coerce a confession from them and tell them they don't get an attorney.  Parents will just love that.  They want their children to have rights, then be prepared for your responsibility that goes with raising a child.ARE YOU KIDDING ME????? The school had an anti-bullying policy. They violated that. I guess allowing them to make threats supersedes that because it's "free speech." So the spoiled, little entitled brats face no consequences? It doesn't matter if they were "teasing." That is nothing to joke about. What about the victims? I guess their rights and safety don't matter. This is how the young generation has become entitled. Yes, let's just allow you get away with what you want. Who cares who you hurt? The world revolves around you. Now those girls should be sued for putting other children's safety at risk. Give them a taste of their own medicine. Their parents probably taught them no values and how to get what you want all the time. I feel badly for the poor students who were tortured by these threats. I also feel sorry for the girls for failing to learn a valuable life lesson. Oh, well. Their loss!

And here I thought it was against the law to threaten another person with death or physical harm. I guess we will be hearing much more about these girls in the near future as they will now start on those that turned them in and they will believe themselves above the law.

Wow!  Crime does pay! :)

joking or not I don't want to have people posting that they would like to kill other people, it's not a joking matter and is intimidating none the less!!!!!!

A lilttle known fact about these ACLU lawsuits. They sue any governmental entity for perceived violation of rights and win or lose, the government entity pays the ACLU's legal fees.

Does the ACLU stand for "Only Joking" ? "Any reasonable person would have realized the 14 year olds were only joking" How do you know they were only joking?  "Freedom of  Speech" BS...........I've read other students have done the same thing a went to jail. This is why we're in such a bad shape. I wonder how much money the ACLU received. Well once again they got their name in the papers. "Stupid is what stupid does" Zachary...Your right.."Talking never killed anyone. That always came before the storm"

If you make a threat on someone, you present a "clear and present danger", which is the level needed to be shown to restrict a person's rights, such as free speech.  So, they were "only joking", eh?  That does not absolve them of responsibility for creating an feeling of danger, which they did by making their post.

Lucky for those girls that they didn't make a Pop Tart look something kinda like a gun or else they would have been in real trouble !!With school administrators as terminally stupid as they are now, it's no wonder our schools are failing. Administrators so often over react to kids being kids, but fail to notice a child molestor occupying the teacher's desk.

Grow up people.

Talking about killing someone is no joke no matter what you use as icons.This is just plain wrong - girls or no girls. Anyone that thinks that posting what they did was only a prank or funny is at the very least naïve.  Have we not learned to take things like this seriously?  The ACLU, lawyers and these kids' parents have made a big mistake.

Once again the ACLU sticks its nose into something that is NONE OF ITS BUSINESS.

I got really, really angry with the daughter of a friend of mine, who posted on facebook that I was evil mean nasty etc etc etc.  As soon as I saw it, I told her mother that the girl had gone to far, that she needed to deltete that post at once.  The friend talked to her daughter and the post was deleted.  Said post ruined whatever relationship the daughter and I had.  It very nearly ruined the relationship that I had with mother.  Threats are threats.  Lies are lies.  The so called parents of these girls should have been monitoring their facebook pages and these posts would not have occured.

And people wonder why we have so much violence...Hell, not only is it condoned,,seems you get paid to speak of it...Lemme be the kids parents for a year..things would change...

The ACLU can go to hell.

Yes, we have freedom of speech; however, when it threatens other people something needs to be done.  There is too much bullying done in schools and that is when these girls did.  Now it gives these girls carte blanche to continue to threaten those mentioned in the previous posts.  Wait until one of these girls actually carries thru on one of these threats.  Then everyone will be saying that they should have done something constructive about the original postings.  Just like with the Colorado theater shooter.  He posted threats and no one did anything.  Then, after the shooting, everyone said "oh we should have listened".  Same thing could happen here.

If it was the child of one of those ACLU lawyers I bet they would think differently.  And, by the way, what the frick is wrong with kids now?  Since when is it ok to joke about killing classmates?  They deserved all the trouble and hassle they went through and then some.

Who supports the ACLU anyway? Maybe stop supporting this organization. They might be the danger of any society if they can't see this is a major issue in our violent schools where there are imminent shootings of kids almost daily by violent crazy students and people.

If access to the comments was restricted, then how did the comments become public?Since the ACLU rushed to the girls' defense, we can confidently assume that their fantasy murder victims were white, heterosexual Christian students.  If the girls had been talking about which illegal immigrant students they would like to kill, or which gay students they would like to kill, then the girls would have not only been expelled, but they would have also been locked up from now to eternity, and the ACLU, instead of defending them, would have come after them with torches and pitchforks.

#$%$ 1, making sense 0The enemy lies from within.Clearly a degrading and morally corrupt society.

since when does the school have any say in what you do on facebook?

Even if it was a "joke" these girls are in dire need of mental health counseling.

Like me on Facebook!- Adolph Hitler

And they got released without a trial? The shooter in Chardon, OH showed a smiley face at his sentencing hearing today. Is that what's going to happen when these girls get sentenced? Thanks a bunch ACLU, you've proven that the system is messed up.

ACLU = The most useless institution in America

Settlement my --- !!  It never ceases to amaze me the type cases our courts hear.  Everthing from a hot cup of coffee spilling in someone's lap, prioners wanting to sue alcohol companies saying they would not have commited their crimes if they had not been drunk to settling a law suit with three idiotic teenage girls who talked about wishing deaths of others. I wonder why we have violence in our schools?? They should have been discplined by the school but more so by their parents!!

Wasn't it just yesterday two teen girls were arrested for threatening the rape victim in Stuebenville? I guess if they had included smiley faces they wouldn't have been arrested. I wonder if the ACLU will represent them too.

ACLU are a bunch of dumb lawyers if they protected these violent joking thinking girls. I would be very scare to hire these girls to work for my company. My question is are these girls in high middle class families or in inner city neighborhoods that belongs to a gang?

I think these girls should be expelled from any schools for being crazy. How do you really tell if they are truly planning to kill anyone?The only thing the school did wrong was looking at information that is out of their rights.our justice system is a big big joke..

Would sure appreciate some more context on this one. Seems like all yahoo's information is jumbled and out of place. What should I expect tho, right?

why was the school looking at their Fb anyways?  who made the school cyber police?  If a teacher saw them smoking or drinking during non school hours and off school property would/could they expel them for violating anti-smoking drinking policies?  Don't feel that is bullying...it was possible death threats, turn in over to the police.

The ACLU is the most dangerous organization in America.  Luckily for us they have no agenda.

I do not buy that the use of emoticons mean it was a joke at the same time the reaction of the school was an over reaction.  The only appropriate thing that I think should have been done is counseling and  further investigation into the stability of these girlsMy perspective of this would be different if it had been done at school and/or these comments were made directly to the persons that were the object of the killing desires.

yes, people, making threats against someone IS completely legal. don't let the cops fool you. last week, my brother told me his neighbor came over and threw cat poop at him, and threaten to kill him and his cat if he ever caught my brothers cat in his flower bed again. My brother doesn't have any pets. He called the police on that man for making the threats. The police weren't even going to come and talk to the guy, until my brother threatened to sue the them. then, they finally sent two rookies out. what did the police do you ask?  they "told him" making threats against people is illegal. than walked away. told my brother if the guy ever threatened hm again, to call the police...... "call the police." Lacey, WA. police BTWwhat a joke....

"the girls' lawsuit said any reasonable person would have realized the 14-year-olds were only joking because they used emotions such as smiley faces, terms that represent laughter including LOL, and capital letters that represent sarcasm."This just proves that the ACLU is, in fact, a very evil organization.How many times have people expressed their evil heart by joking.If the school would have said the girls were only joking, the ACLU would have sued them for gross negligence

Sounds to me that posts like the girls made would be disruptive to school work.  Perhaps they shouldn't have been expelled, but a meaningful suspension is/was probably warranted.

"But the girls' lawsuit said any reasonable person would have realized the 14-year-olds were only joking because they used emoticons such as smiley faces, terms that represent laughter including LOL, and capital letters that represent sarcasm."  I wouldn't.  I would see that as adding to the psychotic joy, or at least make me wonder how serious they were.  Think the boys from Columbine joked among themselves?  If I were one of the kids mentioned, yeah, I'd feel bullied.  I think the ACLU quietly does great things daily.......at least 90% is good work, protecting our rights.  But when they back something like this, they take the idea of "free speech" beyond what its purpose was meant to be.

Lindsay Lohan verbally threatened to kill her attorney yesterday...where are the charges against her?  Can you get sentenced to rehab for that too?Any threat to kill someone should be taken seriously.  What a load of bullshlt.

Now that those who were pegged to be killed,know how these three feel about them,get them first and be done with them,it's the law of survival,don't wait for them to get you,get them now.

Time to lock and load.  people, according to ACLU, can plot your death without interference of the law.  OK, I'll compensate.

Free speech is one thing... but threatening to kill someone and than smiling and laughing about it is not ok!  Especially since all your "friends" on facebook can see what you've written.   I want to know where the parents of these girls were doing while they were posting such messages and if they corrected them at all?

If they were joking and they appear to have been then the school district is at fault.  Oh and their claim of upholding an anti-bullying policy, or right like schools these days have such a thing.

It's safe to say if the ACLU is defending you, you are probably in the wrong.

pretty sick if u ask me looks like the aclu will do anything to get their names in the press where were their parents or maybe they put them up to this knowing they could sue and get a settlement

The ACLU is an abomination.

I totally agree with the bulling problem however things posted on facebook after school hours should be a matter of the law and the parents not the school. Possible threats to kill are clearly a matter of the law and the law should be involved and should go directly to the parents and hold them responsible for their minor kids actions. It should not involve the school unless it happens during school hours and on school property. Schools are clearly overstepping their bounds in a lot of issues lately.

I have been waiting in a customer lounge at the dealership for 7 hours, with the T.V. on movies. 7 straight hours of sword fighting and killing.  Go figure.Man do I love the ironic comments these articles elicit..."If they did that to so and so I'd beat the tar out of them""If they did that to my child they wouldn't have fingers to type with""If they did that to my child they wouldn't have to worry about the next school year because I'd kill em"These were 14 yrs old dumb kids so what is the excuse of the rest who use this article to put up their own threatening internet tough guy comments?

Later on these same girls will be involved in some other litigation and ACLU will be expected to come forward to defend them again...and again...and again. They are ACLU's warfd now. If these girls later on cannot escape justice and go to jail, then the ACLU should be sued for a very large amount for destroying these girls future by being there in the first place when they could've learned their lessons!

ACLU: Umm, your losing favor with the public protecting girls who talk about killing people, even if it is a joke.. The worst part is that you took away school money for other kids to reward these immature and potentially future problems.. FU sincerely!

Along now comes three more teen children who figure it is simply some hilarious joke to put their really sick and sickening comments about killing others on the Internet.  Such fun, fun, fun it is, ya boy.....Enjoy it all, kiddies.  Now you have made spectacles out of yourselves, lawsuits flying, getting kicked out of school, and everybody figures you three are total f#ckups.  Who knows?  Nowadays, maybe that is your 15-minutes of infamy.  Have fun, ya boy.....schmucks.....

Guess the guy in Florida should have used smiley faces when he posted about wanting to kill someone.....  Rules/laws never applied the same..... And really, how do words even amount to much? Stick and stones break my bones but names will never hurt....  I mean come on, now if one made a written threat THEN you died.. maybe ya'd have something but othewise this is such a thin line.....  Meaningless words. But note to all and if you are able to learn...... when writing about doing bodily harm to someone make sure to clarify by using emitiocons and smiley faces.. bahahaha - And is it still suicide if I write my note with smiley faces?

If I was one of the names on their "hit list"  (LOL) I would have made damn sure it disruppted schoolwork every day until something was done about it.

Those girls are disturbed and should be expelled.  They are disgusting.

COOL, this means we can yell FIRE in a crowded movie theater

ACLU selected representation only...it has to have a liberal agenda and always include a lawsuit........pos #$%$

All these social media sites do is serve two purposes; 1st- provides information to government intelligence agencies. 2nd-separates the masses from organizing against the New World Order by dividing and conquering the masses into complacency and a false sense of security. You see, before the social media scene conspiracies like the ones these teens concocted would have been reported but probably dismissed for lack of evidence. Now everything is in writing and there are no shortage of government informants on Facebook or Twitter as we can see by what happened here. Social Media also gives people a false sense of security since they feel as if they can say anything that they feel is benign but that the state can take as real giving the state probable cause to invade someone's household based on what is written on their Facebook or Twitter accounts. Big Brother is alive and well on the internet.How much longer do we have to tolerate the damned ACLU?

I think we can all agree that the ACLU sucks big balls

I do not think that is free speech...  We are talking gun bans because some nit wit shot kids at school, but it is ok because you use a happy face that you can say who you want to kill and get away with it.  I think those kids need to be watched.

More justice in Ohio than Indiana or Chicago. That judge in Ohio gets it.

So we just made it legal to bully or threaten as long as you put a LOL or smile face at the end. I said no offense so its cool. And why is it cool for 14 year old's to talk about killing someone?

"But the girls' lawsuit said any reasonable person would have realized the 14-year-olds were only joking because they used emoticons such as smiley faces, terms that represent laughter including LOL, and capital letters that represent sarcasm'Note to self. If i ever decide i want to secretly take somebody out, make sure to leave a trail of smiley faces.

Would you want these people going to your child's school?

there is no free speech in a politicly correct society.

Maybe the peoplle they were talking about did not see it as a joke - once again - poorly raised kids  - they deserved to get kikced out -

So the rights of the possible victims mean nothing?SO these girls talk about murdering people and THEY get money???ARe you #$%$ kidding me?? Where are these horse #$%$ girls moron parents??? Horrible people, all of them

So these girls "joke" about murdering people, and it's the school's fault for disciplining them?  What a #$%$ up society we live in!

More great work by the ACLU, people do the wrong thing and they pounce in and sue, now the residents of that District have to foot the bill.

wo, sho will be laughing when these gitrls actually do kill someone?

"The lawsuit says the posts did not cause any disruption at school."did they ask the students on their list?

Indiana gave in to easily.  The ACLU is losing its stranglehold on the Federal courts, and haven't had one on the SC in decades.  Should have bytchslapped them around a little bit and kept pushing this one.

If you can't distinguish the difference between a joke and truth, kill yourself now as you must lead a miserable life taking every thing so seriously. I've made similar comments with friends and family and never once has anyone taken it seriously. Hell I tell my boyfriend a few days a week I'm going to kill you. To which he replies for me to pick a method that works the first go around because if not he'll beat me down. We joke! Our friends listen to us make these remarks and not one has taken either one to the side to say they don't feel we are safe with each other. Learn to take a joke.

Another example of liberalism destroying everything it touches, it's like cancer.

3 little brats who are now rich and think they can say or do anything..........my child would not have filed a lawsuit but rather had his #$%$ beat for threatening other students......and they wonder why our kids are out-of-control

Sorry but ACLU was WRONG in these case. Making DEATH THREATS is NOT protected free speech and school was right to expelled them. The TRUE victiems were the ones who were given death threat.Not a joke anymore and neither is bullying! Wow they get money for this #$%$. Hope they meet their maker one of these day in a dark ally.

Since we can not ever know the full content of the Facebook messages there is no point in suggesting that what appears in print is in fact a bullying message. Suffice it to say the District lost in court.

At least I know now that anything I say can be excused as a joke as long as i add emoticons and LOL.

You've got to be kidding.

These girls knew what they were doing...if i was one of the people who they would like to kill...I would go online saying i woul like to kill them...

Go ahead and plot on killing my kids and see what happen....Joke or not..

Good for the girls and their parents standing up against an intrusive government agency (the school) and fighting for their rights to free speech

This is the most ridiculous thing to me. How can the school lose this case? Threatening/plotting to kill someone is no joking matter. Especially how many school shootings are there within the last 10 yrs. EFF the ACLU...They defend these girls until their own kids get shots in the head in school by these girls.

Bulling is bulling even with smilie faces, try that one with Obummers name and see if the aclu will fight for U?

I think they need a psych evaluation. What mentally sane/stable person puts smiley faces and LOL next to a comment about killing someone and putting them in a bathtub full of acid to dissolve the body? That's sick.Well then that means that these girls should have been in trouble with the law for making threatening comments against others. The kids who they were mentioning would have felt threatened had they seen these comments, and kids need to learn that this kind of thing is not acceptable and not something to play around with. A death threat is still a death threat even with lols and smiley faces. Especially with the massacres that have been occurring on school campuses.

Death Threats are NOT protected speech PERIOD. I bet the school had to settle because they were running out of money to defend them in court where the girls had the ACUL for free. I now believe the ACLU are idiots and need to be destroyed.

Our freedom of speech should ALWAYS trump this govt control of what you say or think. I am sick of the PC #$%$ and you should be too. Govt shouldn't be involoved in every little aspect of our lives. Someone threatens you (actually threatens) then you defend yourself, not ask the govt to do your job for you. Take some responsibility for yourself and act like a grownup.

The girls should just go back to posting their breasts to random strangers online.

The real problem started in 1969 when the court basically told kids that they can do what ever they want in school, now there is no discipline in school, kids know the teachers hands are tied and also the internet is used to intimidate and threaten others with no recourse.

There is a Difference from I wish "I could kill" and "I WILL KILL" The Girls were in the wrong 100% but not the schools place to do anything unless it happened with a school computer which it did NOT!

Sorry, I support the school.. people who verbalize/write things like that often have very bad intentions.   A friends 2nd grade son was kicked out of an Indiana school district for telling a bully in school he was going to pour gas on his head and light a match..He was not allowed to return to that school district..ever.

This ACLU thing is a joke. What if they carried out their plan? And the school didn't do anything?

Sounds like premeditated murder to me.

These  girl  need   mental help..................Big timeLOL Murder. OMG Death.Where's my settlement?

You can't joke about that...How do you know when its not for real?

Anal-retentive school administrators are going to cause all of our kids to get expelled apparently. We should let them use technology with appropriate training.

they should make them toss each other's salad.

i'm stunned.  why isn't the aclu backing tj lane in ohio....he was only 16 but he was a loner-i'm sure the aclu can find a "reasonable" excuse that he killed three and wounded others.  they must be fuming about the rapists in steubenville.  gee whiz, why didn't the aclu back of these fellows?  surely the aclu could of found something that would have justifed their actions.   surely the aclu wants this type of sensationalism for their crazy union.  this type of meddling in school affairs and what should have been a parent problem-oh wait-they're at boarding school, so there are no parents.  which is probably why they are at boarding school....more #$%$ kids for the country......nice.

No wonder schools let kids do whatever they want, the second they punish one they get sued

And if they had gone to school and murdered those 5 students...?

Who's liberties are they protecting?   The girls or the potential victims......

If it a couple of dudes would have done this it would have been completely different.  Of course a couple of innocent girls could never possibly do this.  They LOL'd and smiley faced, how evil could they possibly be?What a joke our system is.  These girls clearly have issues and are well on their way to being spoiled super #$%$.

Well they did learn that being a hateful little b*tch pays off.......This is the problem with kids today. You find out your kid is writing horrible things about killing other students.  Don't discipline them, sue the school instead.  Nothing like teaching your kids that when the make a mistake they should sue someone instead of owning their actions and facing the consequences.   I bet money none of theses girls were punished at home and all of them probably still have smart phones and facebook accounts.

So one imaginary scenario is that the girls who were threatened turn the tables and post explicit descriptions of how they would like to kill these three girls, complete with emoticons and "LOL". If the three girls found this upsetting or threatening, they would not be able to complain or sue because their victims would only be doing what they themselves already did, and the courts have already decided that such behavior is not illegal and in fact falls under First Amendment protection. Just an idle musing, not suggesting anyone actually do this (:

cant we get rid of ACLU? theyre mad cause girls made serious threats and got punished let em live with the ACLU clan.uh huh thought so

Yes, emoticon it all away &gt;:-)see i was smiling, a joke!

Its joke behind closed doors, not put in a place you know people will see and take offense to it. But hey atleast they put lol so we know they really didnt mean it.............. pathetic i say.

Really it is??? I am going to go back and sue my school.

hmmm.. I wonder if I can get the ACLU to fight on my behalf for my right to own fully automatic weapons??

Stupid 14 yr olds no doubt. But I agree with their lawyers thoughts: not done on school time, with school equipment nor directly to the "bullied" students. Haw can a person be bullied id it's never said to them?Still stupid 14 yr olds to think this is even remotely funny. Did their parents raise to think it was funny?

I would rather have them venting that way, then doing real harm. There are people, too many people, who get up every morning just waiting to be offended. Who cares what some feeble minded person says ?

Doesn't make sense considering two hits were just ARRESTED for threatening the victim of the Steubenville rape. These girls should have been arrested, too. NOT just expelled. Threats are threats.I Want to kill you all!!! ha ha LOL :) just kidding.

And schools now have less power over disciplining students. We teachers barely can tell a kid 'no' without having some parents attack us. Please before you think all teachers are bad, remember stories like this where authority has been taken away.

Since there was no Facebook when we were young, we would just talk about these things while we were out driving around in our cars. Ha!

Why so many comments are repost of previous postson Yahoo when I hit the more button. I don't like keep reading so many same old comments again and again.

I think you guys are missing the point. The point is not that threats were made. The point is that it's none of the school's business. Kind of like if your boss had seen one of your tweets about you drinking too much on Friday night, and fired you for doing something which had nothing to do with your work performance, and which did not occur at work, but on your own time. I'm not saying it's cool to threaten to kill people, especially children. I'm saying that the school has no right to say anything about something which did not occur at school or involve school computers. It was the girls' phones or computers and it happened off campus. None of their business, period.

if i was one of the 5 mentioned being killed, id sue these scandelous loose sluts, girls are so weird, joke about killing, get caught , cry, sue, get money, america is a joke, just wow, im a mexican boy, if i did this, id be in prison for terorist threats,

I see a lot of people do not like the ACLU, an organization which has, as the sole purpose for its existence, the mission of protecting our Constitutional rights. I don't really know what to think about that. Maybe people these days do not WANT Constitutional rights. It seems like a crazy thing to say, but I'm seeing more evidence of it every day. Sad. This used to be a great country, with great people. Now we're simply on a downward spiral towards being broke and oppressed. Goodbye, United States of America. It was great while it lasted. I'll always remember what you used to be, when I was growing up...

JOKES? That sick. They better not have gotten any sort of cash settlement. 14 is old enough to know not to do that.  So sad!! Bet those people who were named didnt think it was a joke.

Which 'political representative'  would you like to see strung from a tree? : )

So, "I will kill you :)" is ok to say under freedom of speech.  Testing if I get sued.I wont agree that they are useless Scott, because they don't take sides - they treat everyone the same. But some of their stances you have to question (remember, they have defended those idiots at Westboro Baptist Church). The kids should have been expelled permanently. What would happen if something horrible had occurred?

The ACLU is about as usefull as #$%$ on a boar!!!

Yeah so if someone threatens to kill a world leader it is fine as long as they put :) or LOL at the end? Hmmmmm..........

What's wrong with this picture? Good grief, Linus, don't forget your bullet-proof vest this morning. Oh, and, yeah, take your vitamins. You may need the extra oomph for duck and cover.

This would not happen if it were boys making the comments.

Accompanying article:  Ohio School Shooter TJ Lane Laughs, Gives Finger at His Sentencing.  Since he was serving as a living emoticon, he obviously didn't mean what he said or did...

Then is ok to say you going to kill people the important thing is that "vulgar or disruptive to schoolwork or other people", so then talk about killing peope. hmmmm. Free of speech, until is about harming other people becuase then what happen to free of feeling secure.

If that was my 13 year old, he'd be shipped off to military school and wouldn't sit down for a week.

Social media at its finest.

What I do on my face book is not my Boss or schools business at ALL unless its a Facebook page set up thru my boss or school. What happens outside of school n FB is NOT the Schools concern.. what happens IN SCHOOL is ONLY!Looks like the school did the disrupting in this case.

Oh cool so thats all it takes is emoticons right? Well then, I wish "wink wink" that our Pres, LOL was , pop pop pop in a motorcade, J/K... Doin a good job Big O, thanks for the free Medicare. and Immy reform.lol,lol..lol :)

I'm about to kill this pizza...LOL!   ;) (I hope I don't get fired for saying that, since I'm not at work...)

Will the ACLU defend a student's first amendment right to joke about a school shooting he intends to carry out with  =) :P haha

Hmm, does an emoticon for a smiling Jeffrey Dahmer or Ted Bundy look any different?!?

The ACLU would defend Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold's,  Adam Lanza, James Holmes first Amendment right to write about a school shooting provided they use emoticons.Wouldn't it be ironic if days after this, someone posts on facebook they intend to engage in a school shooting in honor of Sandy Hook and Colombine Virgina Tech, but then added =P :) lol hahaha ;-)

FUACLU!!!

...and what a sad, dark place for such young minds to be in.....cause for concern mom and dad....a red flag maybe.....

Most of you people have missed the point. Go back to school and learn what the Courts have said and the over-reaction of the school. The school knew it was wrong or they wouldn't have settled out of court.

8th grade girls making outlandish Facebook comments???  I am a Middle School Principal and I can tell you that this is very common...and I can guarantee you that the comments disturbed the learning environment...it's almost an everyday occurenceLet's put a smile on that face!  This explains how the joker made it all the way though school.  Thanks, Law!On the other hand if you're a gumpy would-be murderer or depressed killer, then you're in trouble.

If you type "just saying" at the end of any sentence, everything is okay, too.You're a stupid #$%&amp;*!!!!!!, just saying.

I expect my child to be expelled from school any minute now for cutting a politically incorrect fart.... - the comments on facebook about killing other kids are terrible for sure, but we're talking about 14 year olds - I did lots of really stupid things when I was 14, didn't you? - how about some counseling instead of expelling them from school?

If Bane was in charge of the school, it would have gone like this:Bane: "Let's not stand on ceremony here, ladies.  You can type and harass, yes.  But can you be broken ?"Girls (crying): Please, we didn't mean it.  What are you going to do to us ?Bane: "You girls have lived privileged lives, and find it easy and trivial about talking about the lives of those less fortunate than you.  Your punishment must be more severe."Girls (crying): "We didn't mean it.  Please, we are so scared and sorry."Bane: "Now is not the time for fear, that comes later."Girls: "Our daddies are rich.  How much money do you want ?"Bane: "And you think this money gives you power over me ?  In your anger and arrogance you over acted.  And in doing so you hurt the reputations and created fear in the lives of your class mates.  Welcome, to your consequences."

This would be viewed entirely differently if it was boys "joking" about raping. The same rules should apply to all. These girls should never have been allowed back in school.

guarenteed if they were 3 white girls talking about blacks the aclu would not have stuck their big jewish noses'  into the thick of it

Threats are protected as "free speech" unless it can be PROVEN that there was a definite plan to follow through. Then, they become "terroristic threats" and if a murder occurs it is a "premeditated" murder. It is not a crime to threaten to kill or hurt someone.

Back in my day, this kind of bullying went on in "Slam Books".  People - generally girls - wrote horrible things about other girls they didn't like, anonymously of course, and circulated it freely.  If one of the victims got to see the book, she'd get an eyeful of vitriolic hatred and no idea which girl wrote it.  Naturally these are banned, but that doesn't mean they don't exist.  I'm just glad today's bullies are too stupid to keep their comments anonymous.

LOL must have meant Loss of Life to the girls not laugh out loud

I am an adult, and if I had made a facebook comment about "LOL I'M TOTALLY GONNA KILL SO-AND-SO BY *insert killing method here* LOL smiley faaaaaace!!!!!" I would be in trouble, too.It doesn't matter if there were LOL's &amp; smiley faces and all that. You cannot make serious threats like that and NOT expect some sort of action be taken, period. How stupid these girls must be. and they certainly do not deserve any sort of settlement.Simple rule of thumb: if the ACLU is for something, then that 'something' is usually bad. But if actual rights of innocent people are being violated, then the ACLU will not involve itself, 90% of the time.

If the school had a cyber-bullying policy it would have been diffrent. My daughter was cyber-bullied and the girl was suspended for it. The girl made the post over the weekend at home but our school district has a policy on cyber- bullying that includes being punished if you used your home computer to conduct the bullying.

dosnet matter anyway..Obmama says u cant have a gun SO the bad people wont have any

psychopaths laugh also.

excuse me with the scheme of things going on in this country and the rights of our country being taken away rape being committed along with bulling an everyday happening  we allow these girls to sue because they were expelled  where are those who blame the schools for not protecting our kids OMG

I was always the class clown and even now as an adult, of my friends consider me the jokester in the group. Never once in my life have I made a list of PEOPLE I'D LIKE TO KILL.  :)  :)  :)

Civil Liberties Union.... wow, great to be american. what a proud moment. that is totally what the free speech was intended for....

*shakes head*

It should have been the responsibility of the "threatened" persons to file any action if they felt bullied, not the school district.  They aren't the hall monitors for the community. If someone said something about someone in Florida, but you attend school in Indiana, how is the school district responsible?

The students (and their parents) should not have been financially rewarded for their behavior.  In this day and age, school shootings are nothing to "joke" about.luvs me sum free speech

Wow this is stupid. This is clearly a "joke" because they used "LOL" and emoticons. Really? I'm tired of people using their 1st amendment right to support their stupidity. I can't yell "Fire!" or "Bomb!" at a movie theater or airport without getting in trouble but I can "joke" about killing a classmate online with guns, knives and gasoline? Hmm...ok then, I'm going to go find a cop and say to him "I'm going to kill you" while smiling and making a gun gesture with my fingers :) Wish me luck everybody!

When I read most of the post from ignorant red necks it makes me sick to think of them having children to teach that #$%$ to!  I hope you all just drop dead!

Schools over stepped its bounds, kind of like our president tries to do, we are still a free nation, the girls should have been disciplined by their parents, not the school.

wHaTT!!

society needs to be schooled on when to get involved and when not to no pun intended I say that kinda stuff all the time unless they have behaviors to go with the girl talk they should worry about what happens in their building and around the school property

I consider myself a liberal and a proponent of free speech - however, even the courts have to balance free speech with one's right to peace and freedom from bodily harm.  The ACLU did a great disservice here by filing and winning this.  Death threats are not, nor should they ever be, free speech, especially when surrounded by smiley faces.

That is absolutely the most absurd thing I have ever heard! Just because their pages are private, doesn't mean people cannot hack into them to see what they write. Using smiley faces and emoticons doesn't mean anything!! There should be WAY STRONGER consequences for these girls. They are threatening the lives of others and got away with it with a slap on the wrist! I HATE STUPID PEOPLE

if you dont like the laws, do not create them. If you do create the laws, they are for everyone, even those of the more innocent gender...

How much more disruptive can it be for the "other' person to know that someone harbored such feelings?  If I were one of those listed, I would countersue and make sure these girls learn a lesson from their "joking" around.  And if those who DID have access to these postings spread the word, then it certainly went beyond the bounds of limiting access to only those who belonged to their Facebook accounts.  It's time that these people learn there are consequences to their actions and should be held accountable.  If I were a principal, I certainly wouldn't want them in my school, and I certainly wouldn't pay them to return.  If they want an education, go somewhere else.girls can bully too, if the students that were being poked at seen the posts, they could have become afraid, just because these are girls doesn't give them the right to break the rules. there will be a time when we all will have to decide between technology and privacy.

Really.  I can say "I want to kill you" to anybody and that's covered by free speech???  This school district is nuts.  It should have pushed it along until it hit the Supreme Court.

Was the school The Andy Griffith School?  The ACLU just sued Andy Griffith, Barney Fife, Opie and Aunt Bea.  You should be deported for that un-American sentiment.

Yahoo--Always on the box-cutting edge of controversy!

leak the info about the three girls and post it in on Facebook. Maybe someone will slash their faces with box-cutters or throw acid in their faces as a "joke."

It is a very sad day when a child can get rewarded for such deplorable behavior! I mean we are now not only looking the other way but we are now rewarding people? Speechless. The parents must be so proud............and if one ends up in the penal system are they going to be surprised?

Did'nt a cop in NY just go to jail for writing down his fantasy. Whats the difference. Oh he did't follow it with LOL.

"Rose declined to say whether there was a cash settlement"Why in the world would the girls get a cash settlement for doing something so horrible?  The parents should really be held responsible as well.  Let me tell you, if I found out my kid did that, there would be hell to pay (and I'm not talking the school district).  Parents now days are only concerned with getting their kids out of trouble as opposed to helping them to stay out of trouble.

Think of it this way:  If you write on here that you want to kill all the Libs, and a bunch of Libs got together, discovered your identity, and sued you for harassment and online threats (which are illegal)...where would you stand on the subject?

Every time Yahoo posts a story about guns and the 2nd Amendment these comments are filled with the same rantings about taking up arms and killing the "libs".  Why do you expect any different from the kids?As long as your threats include smiley faces it's cool. Who didn't know that?

Bet if someone made physical threats to the ACLU that they would call the FBI.  Threatening to kill someone simply can no longer be disregarded because a portion of society are whack-jobs.  These girls should do 3 years of community service as probation.  As a parent, the way you breakdown the modern kid is whenever they step out of line--take away their hand helds--no computer--meaning no social networking--no video games--and your room is your only friend.  My wife and I are raising a 16 year old nephew in our 50's.  He missed 17 homework assignments.  All school records available online for parental review.  You see that list of takeaways above? That's what happened to him -- until his grades got up.  Two months later he is being accepted into an advanced High School.   Oh, his only pleasure he had during his punishment was reading an appropriate book.  Reading and taking away precious sheet works.

Wait a minute.  A chapter of the ACLU is actually sticking up for someone on the basis of free speech?  THERE'S a refreshing switch.

DIE YOU GRAVY SUCKING PIGS :)LOL

Wow, another example of RACISM at it best. If those students had been of another ethnic group, and the fathers/mothers in another tax bracket they would have gotten more stiffer punishments. These same girls will end up killing someone and then the parents wont be able to buy their way out. I hope it stays in their circle. KARMA IS.

Three little _ itches all in a row.What goes around wil come around.

So that is the key for all wannabe killers....just post a smiley face at the end of your rants, and you will be okay!!!  Why didnt anyone else figured out the secret?  Surely no 14 yr olds would be violent enough to kill people-after all, they wrote LOL!!  I supposed that means, I can carry on about the ACLU and what I want to do to them, with specifics, and they wont care?-well as long as I am smilin' while I'm typin'!!

Ironic, isn't it?  The government working to relieve citizens of their guns after Sandy Hook, yet protecting comments about killing other people.  It's so hypocritical it disgusts me.  The ACLU has got to be the worst group ever organized.

Seems like the same people commenting about how these girls crossed the line are the same people defending the girl who threatened to "shoot" another student with her bubble gun. You can't have it both ways people.

Rose declined to say whether there was a cash settlement, but he did say the girls, who were expelled during eight grade,......... Hah Ha Hah ooooooo... now i am sad.The girls who were threatened should have prosecuted. I can see why the school settled as they didn't have access to the posts in the firstplace.

Newsflash, folks:  REAL MURDERERS USUALLY DON'T ANNOUNCE THEIR INTENTIONS IN FACEBOOK!!  Perspective, people!  Let's maintain some perspective!  There is a such thing as "comedic license":  Exaggerating your feelings, actions, intentions, or the facts of a situation solely and only for the purposes of making someone laugh (hopefully).  It's a big part of Freedom of Speech, if anybody believes in that anymore.

.. i hope these girls get murdered and raped in real life and i hope they get EMOTICONS CUT ALL OVER their  bodies   8)

Guns are protected by the constitution and yet free speech (yes, even death threats, athletes get them all the time) is not? You yahoo people. You can't have it both ways. Either take all of the constitution or none of it.

Are you kidding me?? They should have been BARRED forever!! What is wrong with America?? No freaking common sense at all. Right is right and wrong is wrong. PERIOD.

The ACLU needs to shut up and get their nose out of everything.

It has nothing to do with their gender.

"The posts were made after school on the girls' personal electronic devices,"That's the reason why...

What is with people when did thoughts become actions? Even thoughts shared with friends?

Are these girls in league with the cannibal cop?  Is there a giant cabal of murderers and gourmets?  Fox News will ferret out the truth.  Obama did it.i live in the town that this happen in the thing ther trying to say is what the girls did was wrong but its not the schools job to police the kids after school not what they did was right there still a civ suit going on agenst these girls. but my big question is were are the perants and why arnt they policeing  there kids notthe goverment  ie. the schools

If you replaced "girl" with "boy" and "kill" with "rape"............then how would you feel about it?

Just another official trying to squash your right to free speech in school before you become an adult and realize that they could not do this . This way you never realize you have this right .  In other words sit down shut up and do as you are told . Just like the rest and if you say something we will tell you if you are allowed to speak or not