"China's rise has been driven primarily by large-scale arms acquisitions by Pakistan,"So much for all the 'Aid Money' sent there.

We give Pakistan money that we borrow from china to pay for arms from china

From the above report, it's not surprising that China has overtook England as the world's 5th largest arm exporter but then bear in mind she is also the 2nd largest importer.  What's surprising is that....1.  The respected SIPRI can know to the extend of China's arm exports &amp; imports and the level of her standing among the world's exporters &amp; importers BUT can't give the estimated figures on her sales &amp; purchases.2.  That Singapore, a tiny island state, can be the wolrd's fifth biggest arm importer &amp; nobody bothers to question her "motives".Conclusion --  Funny, isn't it...?

So what is the total sale in billion ...any data

Of the top 5 importers, only one, China does not import weapons from the U.S.

It should not take long for China to be no 3 in the list of largest arms exporter.

Unless China has recently had a break-through in their steel-making technology, I would recommend acquiring the higher-end stuff instead....

So China has become the fifth largest arms producer, what about US is the first, is it not a big deal too?

Don't worry folks. The good old US of A is still the world's #1 death dealer.

I can't believe The US doesn't import any Chinese weapons. I'll check the manufacturer labels at Kmart.

AP, I'm almost certain that the Chinese will abide by the idiotic U.N. arms treaty that our gigolo Kerry and Owebysmal-nation WH want to sign!? They are laughing their collective butts off now as the U.S. is pondering an end run around the 2nd Amendment without firing a shot!Can you trust Made in China weapons?  They'll break in the critical moments.

The two murderous countries in the world the US and Russo have been the top positions for half a century, it is OKWhen the new kid on the block, just got only a peanut share,  it raises concern.  Gimme a break

So these are the muther fkres supplying the terrorists and other heathen #$%$ weapons to continue a stupid war ?

I support that type  gun control when it comes to selling 3rd world countries weapons that willcome back and attack us. But will never support anyone attacking our rights and the 2nd Amendment.Vernon

If its made in China,"It won't last long"

LOL how biased, mentioning a country with just 5% and making it seem like it's 50%. The AP is just another biased media trash outlet. Trying hell to install panic in the west and demonizing China. How pathetic Malin!

BEWARE: Chinese 50 Cents Army are people hired by the Chinese Communist Party to infiltrate various Internet forums posting comments favorable to the CCP and chinese people. They are paid 50 Cents USD per post, which considered the origin of the ''50 Cents Army''GOOGLE == ''50 CENTS ARMY'' or ''50 CENTS PARTY'' FOR DETAILS.CHINESE = Lying, stealing, counterfeiting and copying are what they do best.

What the heck does fifth place matter, when the us clearly dominates in giving ppl the means to kill each other in very messy ways

US has 1/4 the population of China. Yet ranks #1 in weapon exports. China #5. Use your common sense before you fall into the trap of this writer.

they are selling fake equipment. lolWhat hyperbele this report is.What would be this reports attempt  be ? On needs to consider why this reporter has sent this in.

Realy now! what item last long that has a sticker on the back MADE IN CHINA.

NOOO!  This is distraction of the war mongering of US, it is better that the world turns to Russian for stability and peace, it is wisdom of Kremlin that will rule world in next decade!

my balls itch

aljazeera spent so much time discussing about china weapon exportthey did not even mention the role of qatar - arming those terrorist in syria and other part of world.aljazeera do not even care about democratic reform in qatar

Only at the expense of US jobs!

trust china weapons,I would not want to be on the receiving end on one

report said that pakistan is one of the largest arms importer and the truth is that these weapons  only used by sunni terrorists e.g l-jhangvi and sipah-e-shaba operating with the support of govt around the country whom responsible especially for "Hazara people genocide" in quetta city of pakistan which already claimed 1500 lives of Hazara minority in past few years. but seems world powers are busy digging money with weapons.

Business is going to be booming soon.

singapore tiny nationimport so much weapons.most of weapon are from americaamerica should paid attention to singapore nearby nation who concern about their military spending.sell no more weapons to singapore.singapore spend those money on his dwindling population.