"If the people are to live a good life, their government must be put on a tight budget". I  have never heard an American president say that.

"China leaders pledge clean government, less waste".  Sure hope they have better luck with that than the USSA has the last 4 years.

We should be going the Chinese way....A Capitalist way, even though they still call it Communism.

Xi and Li. eat your heart out China we have  obama, biden.

"If", what this article proclaims proves to be the case and we can underscore the word, "If", then China's new Premier just might be what America requires to set our economy and body politic on a sound basis. Once again the key word here is "If".............we shall see what develops....

China needs to clean up their air and start taking steps to keep industrial wastes under control.

When asked by an interviewer why they are taking this approach, the new leaders said well we will have to admit that we are adopting the American model of government.  Look how well they run the government. We especially like the way they lie, cheat and steal from the public and are never held accountable.

Didn't some guy here in America say that back in 2008, again in 2012 ? And yet 42% of you didn't even go vote.

where have we heard this line of bs before?

Good luck to China new government and  Xi Jinping.By the way, we will soon own the United States of America.

"China leaders pledge clean government, less waste"...they been watching old Prez Bilbo Cliton tapes...LOL

hey Congress, take notes

Just proves that politics, no matter what country, is a disease.

He has mastered American PR. What does 'clean government' mean - who cares? It sounds good

There seems to have been a big change in China but only time will tell what is the truth and what is a lie.I hope the best for China, the Chinese people and the world, if China can truly embrace cleaning up it's corruption, doing right by it's people and country it can become a true world leader.

I doubt they will but thats one thing you won't hear from the US heads.

So their leaders are pathological liars too!

That's great! they will do it when we build our border fences..uh..that will be...NEVER!

pledging to be clean,,,,wowCome on, you mean you don't trust what a Communist dictatorship says?

Must be trying to fool yourself the world knows your #1 and it isn't gonna change. More deception and lies.

This country is ready to implode.Their environmental problems are huge.If they don't change they won't survive.

Frankly I think China is an amazing country. However I sometimes have to laugh. Politicians are the same everywhere.

So they're going to clean house top to bottom?

With the Communist Party in charge, that is IMPOSSIBLE!  Chinese don't become Party Members for the CAUSE, they become Party Members for the BRIBES!  Look at the THOUSANDS of multi-millionaires buying homes in Canada, the USA and Hong Kong with their BRIBE MONEY!  With a LEGAL income as Commissars of only a FEW hundred dollars a MONTH, how do they accumilate MILLIONS of DOLLARS?

hilarious - they sound like the Kremlin 50 years ago.

Maybe they should start with a cleaner industrial foundation, or they won't have a population around to govern!

"China leaders pledge clean government, less waste"===That is a very example of an oxymoron statement. Coming from China's leader also means so wrong at so many levels.

If you swallow that one I've got a bridge in Shanghai I want to sell you.Talk is cheap, especially in an authoritarian one-party state like China. Let them announce an investigation into the family finances of outgoing Prime Minister Wen Jiabao and then maybe I'll sit up and take notice.

and bamy will be gay?

Don't let Obama hear that. He'll start squealing like a stick pig and claim billions of Chinese people will die.

Obama loves the socialist model so maybe he can learn something from the Chinese. "Li made specific pledges to slash official perks and government extravagance to free up money for social welfare programs at a time of slower economic growth. He said a ban will be put on building new government offices, government payrolls will be reduced, as will spending on banquets, travel and cars." You don't have to be a capitalist to have the sense to control spending and balance the budget!

I suppose US government also can pledge that they will be clean and spend within means.

Good luck with that.

Just heard on BBC radio that what the new president is saying is "just noise". And until the media isn't controlled by the state there will not be any reform. There are currently one million millionaires and one hundred fifty million people living on a dollar a day in China.

can we call this article having two Obamas in the world.

How about clean pig free rivers?

these people will steal the gold from your grandmothers teeth and then say no we did't you did all so they can keep  their dirty Country going they are the filthiest country on the planet they have destroyed a beautiful country and their children will have nothing but garbage,,,,who would you like to put a mask on everyday just to go to school or even go out? Just so they can make junk to sell China is nothing but a flea market and what they make never holds up.Sorry guys, gotta use something stronger than "Pledge" to clean up government and the enviromental mess your've made.

Isn't that the same thing Obama promised, then proceeded to grow more wasteful government, and the dirtiest that has ever been?  I think so.

Everytime I here a politician pledge, I go and take a big ol' #$%$!

How about a clean environment and less waste?

I swear, he looks just like the guy who does my dry cleaning.  "I NO PUT STAAACH IN YOUR SHIRTS!!"

First China must take down the dangerous North Korean regime by military force and thus secure the Koreans into one united and prosperous Korea with no poverty or refugees...Second it needs to double the pay of the factory workers from the slavery pay of 1,500Yuans to at least 3,000 Yuans so these people can pay their rents and eat simple food

OH NO, is China becoming more western, lmao.  As always cell phones and the internet lead the way.  Just can not wait till see the first corrupt official caught.  In the USA, when they are caught they usually get a hit on the hand.We shall see.  If they had not put the word China in there, I thought it was a US presidential campaign article, lmao.

man, i ate some pizza last night and there must be something with the dough because it is giving me gas. i have been farting all night!

This is one thing they cannot hack into US computers for guidance.

Also help clean Laos Government too. Laos is the future of China ColonialOur socialist dear leader Obama should take a lesson from the Chinese.

This is what you get with small government, hyper capitalism,  and lax environment regulations.   Corporations poop all over everything in chase of profit.  It's also why fish from more than 1/3 of U.S. waters are not safe to eat. :(

And US government pledge more GOVERNMENT AND MORE WASTE !!!!

Government is by its nature "dirty".  Why would people go into government except to profit from the use of its power.  I reject this idea that people go into government to make a "positive difference in the world".  Maybe one or two, but in general its just BS.  Government is by its nature evil as the founding fathers of the US said.  It needs to be tightly controlled and kept as small as possible.

They are still a bunch of communists that are corrupt.

Don't worry folks, as if you're really concerned for the well-being of China: Beijing, Shanghai, Xi'an, Guangzhou are much in the same predicament as Los Angeles or London 30-50 years ago. The biggest difference is that China (is much bigger in scale, and) has far more technology and political will to deal with the pollution that's threatening the health of the nation.

Here is my suggestion for Chinese leaders. 1. Since almost every Chinese official have taken something during their term in office, there should be some kind of compromise for prosecution. Take a look at all assets and let them willingly return 65% of it back to the government. This way, they can keep 35% for amnesty deal. 2. clean up the water system before the rivers are so polluted that it might have major consequences for many millions of people. 3. Open up more opportunities for rural areas. 4. Give people more rights to speech especially for those speaking the truth and offering constructive suggestions. 5. Stop putting religious people in jail.

It is pretty sad when we prefer what China's leaders have to say than our own! What an effect our president could have if he said it THEN REALLY DID IT. Instead we are speeding down the continual spending highway with no stopping and no regard for the future, while government bloat continues to grow, and the partying goes on.

AP, talk is cheap and lying is de rigueur for the Chinese leadership since Mao's time! The proff lies in the pudding that the next few years will bring to the Chinese people and not just the affluent and powerful in the business / government ranks! I'll take a wait and see stance until I'm proven wrong!

Yup...Their bubble is set to burst.  All it would take to collapse them is to boycott their cheap junk for 1-2 weeks and watch them come come to our table for scraps.How about a clean environment jack a.s.s.e.s???

China is forcing the us government and all these illegal bankers and wallstreet people to get their act straight. Thank god for china..

At least the Chinese government is trying, our government ( Republican/Democrat ) won't even acknowledge the Corruption and pledge to clean it up. Send emails to your Congressman and demand it.

Same wine, just different bottles....

Obama is just fishing in the net /web fishing for things to say which they manipulate from the bloggers and commenter .

Wow, If Obama said that, he'd be Lying as usual.

China is reflective of the old America..........and that should be bothersome to our Gvtl leaders and us as a Nation.

Hmmm...didn't obama say the same thing over 4 years ago? How's that working out?

the government for the past decade always made promises but nothing happened.It's because the chinese citizens are idiots!They are afraid of those who are in the goevenment.

clean gvt, you mean a transparent gvt?L-I-A-R-S

Can you believe the Chinese are copying our political structure?  Wow!  Are those poor people going to get screwed!

Bullsh** has never been clean and is totally waste.

CCP will NEVER be clean.  CCP is awash in DIRTY BRIBE MONEY!!!

That is B. S.

Politician = polished liar + self-serving POS.

They're politicians, take their word for.  The media is here to let you know.

sounds like more of the same. nothing will change. China will continue stealing western tech and IPR, funding giovernment backed business and crying they are a developing country so it is ok for them to cheat and practice trade protectionism.The US should step up and put and end to this. China should define itself has either a world power or a third world back water. no middle ground. Whicjh means the US should imposing tariffs and penalities for the massive amount of stolen IPR that flows around and from China. On every street corner you can by pirated DVD's or fake high end products with no one trying to stop it. Let them pay for it with tariffs.

Finally,  they are learning something from the USA.  Talk the talk, but DON'T walk the walk.  The sheeple will never realize what's really going on.

This is what the globalists wants China to become "it's by design".United States of America mean while will come a tyranny,police State,criminal and corrupt country to deal with.Agenda 21,folks!The coma people of the world will be surprise of their deeds soon.We will always have puppet governments until due date for the new world order.These animals are power mongers totally in sin.Politics is a turd with corn in it, and while the Politicians are eating steak and lobster and drinking Dom Perignon on our tax dollars, the people they "serve" are expected to eat the turd and say, "Thanks for the corn."

China is a terrible country.

Like Banana, just with limited visual capacities and smaller ears.

Clean government and less waste?  That's rich.  And pigs will fly.  Unicorns too.Who are these crooks kidding?

American investors have better pack their bags.

China does it right! Execute the darn corrupters!make everyone accountable.problem solve!

The American government has continually shown us that talk is cheap. Will China learn this quickly and tackle their problems?

Don't trust the Chinese on anything they say . They stole Tibet from the Tibetans , stole defensive secrets from the US and are building a navy more powerful than the any otherto bully others in the region such as Taiwan - which they claim - Japan and South Korea.

Means more money for the ELITE.That what communism is 2 Class The elite all millionaires and the people all poor,and if you protest you are going to prison o face the firing squad.

Yep, they HAVEbeen learning from us. Their politicians lie almost as good as ours do!Heard the same lie from Obamduh.

THANK GOD FOR CHINA

sure they will ...they are worse than the politicians in this country.....right out of obama's play book,say it enough you will make yourself believe it......

That photo needs the caption:  Gotcha!

Communists say it nicely, in reality, communists kill its own people cruelly. DO NOT TRUST COMMUNIST

Hmmmh, they forgot to mention Foxconn and the suicide nets

what about cleaner air

Didn't they just find thousands of dead pigs in a river?

I pledge to make our country better little by little. Ill do this by NEVER buying Made In China Products. They have to learn that we don't want their trash anymore.

The USA pledges to clean the country with less waste. This include the Cheap MADE IN CHINA Trash.