100's of thousands of worshipers??Oh wow, this ABC host is clueless.Sorry, but Catholics do not worship the pope as the host seems to think.He should of said 100's of thousands of Catholics. Media spinners, blah! lol.

This good man has been Pope for one week and already the nasty, malaigning untruths have started.......as he requested...pray for him.

Could this be a pope with a personality. I hope so.

Let's watch and see what this new Pope actually does. He has an incredible opportunity to right the wrongs of the current and past or continue on the same downward spiral. First view of him gives me some hope!

People's disinformation about Catholicism is more entertaining that television.

Darned Argentines!  Even their president is hot!

Priests blessing torture chambers.....no....blessing the tortured inside when they had the capacity to do no more....yes.    Do not twist the truth.

She is still not to be trusted.  Argentina is full of corruption and being president she has first hand knowledge.Helping the poor is best by not having corruption, providing good education and a solid economy.

The love of Christ continues to flow on us even when we sin. Pope Francis is demonstrating the love of Christ and that is consistent with the teaching of Christ.This demonstration of Gods love does not mean that either the Pope or God accepts sin or suggests sin is normal.

For kryst's stop trying to change the Catholic Church. If you don't like it then leave it. Join a sect that shares your beliefs. God will sort out what you think is right or wrong when time time comes. In the mean time stop trying to shove your beliefs down the throat of those don't agree with you.God bless the Holy Father and the Holy Roman Catholic Church.

God Bless everyone.  For all have sinned.God Bless and Keep Pope Francis

Just because he allegedly kissed the beast does not mean he is going to throw 2000 yrs of tradition and the laws of Christ out the window for liberalism/satanism..

T-shirt design to follow.

You always love the sinner, but hate the sin.

I can imagine Pope's feeling having to shake hands and kiss that vampire!! She was a well known terorist of the 60's, wife of a thief Montonero, etc...You should have seen her press conference in Italy!! You gotta have a nerve.. She is starving the genuine poor argentinian population and still brings her thugs delegation of body guards.. All "muy amigos" of "gone for good" Chavez!! There are more.. Dilma of Brazil another ex terrrorist..etc...The gang of Latin America...NICE vey Nice!!

Must have served crow for lunch.

Wow !!  I really need to start CHECKING OUT these Foreign Female Leaders.  First, Queen Noor of Jordan -and now- President Cristina Fernandez.

Cristina Fernandez: I bet she feels stupid now..... hahahaha

Big surprise"The Vatican has long expressed a willingness to transfer its diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing, though it has made that conditional on China allowing its Catholics to worship freely"Why not recognize both countries?  And if either has a problem with that then so be it.

Great propaganda piece that makes Fernandez not look as evil as she really is.

Not catholic, don't genrally believe in that kind of hocus-pocus, but I'm really starting to like this guy already.

There is but one "Holy Father," and it is NOT any pope.

All NWO controlled puppets.

'And lost altogether' is the obligating phrase in the article. Even Jesus had to accept His  Father's creation as it was in order to bring spiritual progress to humanity..I have a feeling this Pope will be the breath of fresh the Catholic Church needs to fill it's sails and reinvigorate it's stalled mission..

The Pope needs to tend to his millions of members of the Catholic Church and leave the rest of the denominations to their leaders and their spiritual decisions.

A hook symbolized a shepherd use to rescue the loss sheep who's about to fall in a pit. Thanks be to God for our new Pope.

Meanwhile, one of the cardinals who voted for the new pope now says that pedophilia is not a crime, but a disease.  Alcoholism is a disease, driving drunk is a crime.  I bet if you ask affected kids and parents they would think it's a crime as well.

What the pope said was that God is merciful, just waiting to forgive us and we should never tire of asking Him for his forgiveness.  His mercy is endless and lovingly given to all who only ask.As a lunatic, is Biden allowed to receive communion?

Is Miss Argentina running the country? We should elect a smart and sexy women,,could not be any worse than the last couple thousand "elected" jokers!

It's called forgive thy enemies.  Kindness begets kindness and so the kiss!  Bravo, Poppa Francis, Bravo!

Pope Francis has a great diplomatic skills . The problems for catholic churches are beyond the same sex marriages , Sex scandals, corruptions

The headline mentions his motto, but his motto is mentioned no where in the article. Why's that Yahoo?

I hope he brings back the papal tiara and the sedia gestatoria.

Reading most of these comments just shows the uneducated ignorant mentality of some people whom are afraid of god and religion.....Do you all really think that it is only catholic priests that have had molestors? There are many other religions that have been involved you ust dont hear about them. The catholics are always under attack.

Let's move along with our lives.  The earth hasn't stopped turning yet.  (Or stopped revolving around the sun, although the pope had Galileo under house arrest for daring to say that it did!)

Jerry.  Your comments make clear the fact that you should spend more time studying Catholicism.   You will find nothing bizarre about it.

Look at those people in the picture.I wonder if they worship God that much?Pope, you dawg!!!!!!!!!!

Hopefully, he will be able to convince mortals that they are immortal.

Argentina and Cristina are working hard to give the Pope more poor people to tend to.

How typical of China that they want basically for the Vatican to completely sever all ties to Thailand and give up control of the catholic church in China in exchange for a supposed right for the people to pray albeit with the communist party deciding who they worship, who has authority, and where they can worship. If the pope is smart he will just follow the same ideals of his predecessors who refused to bow before rulers who want to control all things including religion.

Magnanimous of him, considering that by her remark about "the" inquisition (which inquisition?) she showed her ignorance and lack of any qualification to speak intelligently on the issue.

The Fernandez meeting isn't the only diplomatic dance Francis will be conducting this week ... NOPE ... he'll be dealing with that hypocrite Biden ... the one who will shove his rosary beads down the throat of anyone who tells him he's not religious.  "

"Never in my life has a pope kissed me!" Fernandez said afterwards."The feminists will now write a paper about how the Pope sexually assaulted Fernandez and how his actions promote a culture of rape.While these claims will be rejected by most thinking people it will nonetheless find its way into government policies and elementary school curriculum.I'm not joking.

Damn thats a sweet outfit he has on...LMAO

"....mandatory sex education in schools, free distribution of contraceptives in public hospitals, and the right for transsexuals to change their official identities on demand".....Sounds like Obama and the progressive U.S. is in lock-step right behind them.   We can't send our kids to school with an aspirin....but they can visit the 'nurse' after their sex ed class and demand a morning after pill....and advise the nurse they intend to switch sex's for the rest of the week without advising their parents.America....land of zero ethics and zero morals. We lost the spirituality part about 30 years ago.

"'Never in my life has a pope kissed me!' Fernandez said afterwards."Technically, it still hasn't happened.  He hasn't been installed yet.Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth and the life.  No man comes to the Father but by me." The great apostle Paul wrote to young Pastor Timothy, "For there is one God, and ONE mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus."  I don't need a pope, a priest, a "saint" or the virgin Mary to act as a go-between for me.  I have a direct line of communication with God because of my relationship with Jesus Christ.  I can come boldly before God's throne of Grace because I have an advocate with the Father who is already seated at the right hand of God speaking on my behalf.  I don't need anyone to "say prayers" for me because I have the Holy Spirit doing that already on my behalf.

Two extremists--neither of whom's views pleases God.

By the way he has been acting this short time already I wish Pope Francis would have been elected after JP II instead of Pope Palpatine Benedict XVI.

JUST A BUNCH OF NONSENSE!!!!

I wonder if that big hat is hard to wear when its windy outside?

Why is this slanderous video included with this article?Today, the President of the Argentine Supreme Court of Justice, Ricardi Lorenzetti said that pope Francis “is completely innocent” and was never suspected of being involved in violations of human rights committed during the military dictatorship (1976-83).“Although some people disagree or claim that he may have done this or that, the fact remains that there is no concrete accusation” against former cardinal Jorge Bergoglio, Lorenzetti said in a radio interview.The President of the High Court stressed the need to respect the principle of innocence, even in Pope Francis’ case, adding that “this is a man who has never been convicted” of violations during the dictatorship.

It amazes me that most can't separate Church and State.  The Government will never live or believe in the life of Jesus, if it did the Government would die. The Church should live the life of Jesus.  St Francis has a good start of being Church.  The Church should never act like the world or condemn it .  When will we get it right. Jesus didn't live like the government but he loved the people in the world. Lady at the well, Prostitute Tax collector, Rich man.  For God so loved the world.

Sounds like the then-leader of Argentina Catholics, and now Pope, would have also accused Obama of demagoguery:A demagogue (/ˈdɛməɡɒɡ/) or rabble-rouser is a political leader in a democracy who appeals to the emotions, prejudices, and ignorance of the less-educated people of a population in order to gain power. Demagogues usually oppose deliberation and advocate immediate, violent action to address a national crisis; they accuse moderate and thoughtful opponents of weakness. Demagogues have appeared in democracies since ancient Athens. They exploit a fundamental weakness in democracy: because ultimate power is held by the people, nothing stops the people from giving that power to someone who appeals to the lowest common denominator of a large segment of the population.

What happened to a Pontifical Latin High Mass?  Hmm, I have to take a wait and see approach with Pope Francis.  Pope Benedict was a great man and fixed the liturgy, lets hope Pope Francis follows threw with the return to tradition and the return from Catholic Apostasy that is running ramped in the American Catholic Church.

Wow.  She's hot.  I wish she were my Head of State.I wonder if Biden took communion....he was there ....The Pope said all  Catholics who championed abortion  wouldn't be allowed to take communion.

She's hot..I'd give her a kiss too!

Pope makes a mass.

This Pope is a breath of fresh air - for the world - as well as for the Catholic Church.

His motto? Nah - it's waaaaaaaaaaay too easy.

Francis looks like he's gained alot of weight in the past 6 yrs.

still think he is jonathan pyrce the actor.

I bet that kiss was laced with holy water

The catholic "church" is a man centered, false religious system that is directly responsible for the worst atrocities this world has ever seen. It is responsible for the murder and torture of 50 million people to date just for not being or refusing to become catholic. (just google "Croatian holocaust" or "St. Bartholomews Day Massacre" or "Spanish Inquisition" or "rat lines") The vatican was in cahoots with Hitler and Mussolini and still is with the mob. The majority of catholicisms doctrines and practices are unbiblical and are based in paganism. It has perverted the true Gospel of Christ into a false gospel of works and sacraments. It is evil to the core and it insidiously does all this in the name of Christ. It is the political prostitute of Revelation 17 &amp; 18. Catholicism is NOT Christianity

Our sinning world needs to embrace this man's holy teachings---especially gays and child molesters who've stained the R.C. church and wrecked the lives of so many boys &amp; young men.I hope the Pope witholds communiion from Biden till he changes his ways.

Fitting that Robert Mugabe is there to hail the new Pope

She's a communist and wants to lead Argentina in that direction following in her idols Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez's footsteps. And you see how well it has worked out for them.

Finally we have a Pope for the people. A man of humility who has no use for pomp and circumstance. John Paul II was a great Pope and leader, he was instramental in getting the Soviets out of Poland. This man has the potential to accomplish even more. Good Luck Pope Francis!!

I'd have waited 'til she turned to leave then goosed her instead.

i see all the Idiots are out in force.

Don't be fooled. It was the jesuit kiss of death.

Big deal. Judas kissed Jesus in the Garden too.

I think Pope Francis is a good man , I really do ...... but I care nothing for the teachings of that Church , or the mafioso style leadership infecting it's walls ....... but I do applaud the Cardinals for electing a decent man , from appearances thus far ...... I suspect he will have many enemies inside though if he tries to "take out the trash" ..... another pope did that in the 60's ..... he died "mysteriously" ...... Read "In God's Name" by David A Yallop

Why is he holding a hook?I am not Roman Catholic...but I pray he will be a great leader...this world needs the BEST we have right now.

Whether this gentle, kind, little man is good or bad doesn't matter, we all all to blame for our behavior and will be judged as so by our fellow man or a higher source.  Randy the Rabid Rabi

for every POpe in recent years its come down to protect the church ? or protect the people ? The others were accused of sweeping molestation charges under the rug because they didnt want to tarnish the churches image when they should have thrown those false people out and charged them criminally . once a priest molests a child its clear they are not a priest they are just pedophiles and should be treated as such not just reassigned to the church.

It's a sad world when people are shocked when others do good things...

...the Pope is the leader of the free world as of now...there are know political leaders who represent "liberty".....Im not even debating anymore about Barry....(communist)....its pointless.....My hopes are high for the pope....but I wonder if he could actually reestablish "liberty" in the new world.....its a tall order...

Will he release the big red book to criminal prosecutors?

wonder how much longer god will suffer that godless church

Vatican and other christian groups need to fix the new generation of young Americans who have no respect for the place of worship. our schools need to start teaching the 10 commandments. shameful to be ignorant.

The illicit joining with the illegitimate.

I'd like to make a mass with Fernandez.She's hot,  I would of given her the high hard one.

I'd kiss her too - she's kind of cute.

Kiss of Judas?

Biden and Pelosi may attend.  If they are allowed to partake in the Holy Sacrament the Vatican reform will just be a sham.

Her look says "don't #$%$ with me and I won't with you."

"Fernandez and her predecessor and late husband, Nestor Kirchner, defied church teaching to push through a series of measures with popular backing in Argentina, including mandatory sex education in schools, free distribution of contraceptives in public hospitals, and the right for transsexuals to change their official identities on demand. Argentina in 2010 became the first Latin American country to legalize same-sex marriages."In the meantime, an the bastion of freedom, the leader of the free world. things remain the same... go figure.

Judas kissed Jesus. This kiss was nothing more than political. He knew he's getting a lot of bad rap for his comment about gays and now he's trying to brown nose. Too late, buddy. Until you start treating women and members of the LGBTQA* with respect and rights, I could care less about what he does.

She has that look on her face that says- "You son of a b____"

obama won't be there.  He will be worshipping with his Islams.

Representative of 6 different gods will be present.  They should have to check their weapons at the door.Disbelievers in the rampant homosexual perversities of the Roman Catholic church need to see the documentary called Mea Maxima Culpa.  The interviewed are Roman Catholics (many are now former Catholics, thank God).  This behavior of immorality is millenia old in this heretical enclave.  Add to this the pagan traditions employed, and it's more than said to see how many people have been, and are currently being deceived.

Heretics and Homosexuality...the hallmarks of Roman Catholicism.

The irony made me laugh:  Fernandez could never hold a high level job in the catholic church because she's a woman.  A teacher or nurse, yes.  When are people going to wise up that this organization historically does as much harm as good.  Time for it to fade away.

As a Protestant, I have one question: Why is everyone so enthralled with this old fart?

How do people justify bashing a religion they know nothing about?

i hope the pope will preach Jesus Christ not the statues or idols

Just a reminder to everyone  to watch FOX Cable news,,the No. 1  News channel...I was amazed at all the news that CNN and the others DO NOT TELL YOU,,,they protect Obama,,and water down very important news...Do you want the TRUTH??  then watch Fox news,,,and compare for yourself...TRUTH vs.  Made up lies

Sounds like papal fashion. . . sorry I just don't get it.

Palace releases new emperor's spin.  Children continue to be abused.  .... &amp; now sports.

What's with the pointy hat?Viva la Presidente!

Despite the shortcomings of the Catholic Church, it appears to be a better system of molding it's members/followers into peaceful citizens of their respective countries. The Jesuit Order to whichPope Francis belongs is said to be a reformer Order - a fighter for what it believes is right within the Church -- it leads in the field of Education. To say it simply. But, look! The vaunted humility of the new Pope (if, it is Christ-like Humility)  may yet provide the solution to straighten and strenghten the leaning Tower of the Catholic Church.  In Humility: there IS Strenght!

What's up with the Catholics ? I just don't get it ?  What kind of sick person would continue to worship at an alter where children have been raped and sacrificed ?

I don't understand why the pope should approve same sex marriages, and sex change? There is no "Adam &amp; Steve" in the bible. When you are using God's name you should not tolerate the sinful nature of the world such as same sex marriage and having a sex change that is a sin. If you're going to lead people in God's name lead them in truth. Don't lead them to the darkness in the sinful nature of this world. If the pope approves gay marriages it's like saying it's ok to do adultery and sin. It is not about being modern, it is about not changing the words and teachings of God in the bible. What happened to the ten commandments of Moses?

Meet the new Protector of Child Molesting Priests. Just like criminal bankers who defraud, steal, and commit crimes who never go to jail, nor ever get arrested or even questioned.The Catholic Boys Fiddling Club Members, never get arrested, nor go to jail, or even get questioned.Religion is POISON for the weak minded who refuse or can not think for themselves and require someone to tell them what they need to do.God says to honor him! He never speaks of honoring a religion, any other man who poses as one who is clean and pure. ALL MANKIND, including Catholic Popes, ARE SINNERS!The stupidity, and the ease of how people can become so brainwashed and fooled is utterly amazing in scope.

132 delegations DESCENDING on rome ...descending hmmmm such a word...at any rate i seriously doubt you will see this Pope cut ties with anyone...that is not what is his course i do not believe.

jerrry shut your mouth and tie your tonque with a shoe lace until you go back to school and educate yourself. apparently your are not learned.

The Catholic church puts the world at risk and condemns many families to a life of poverty when it denies it's members the right to birth control. Personal growth, quality of life, and a sustainable lifestyle are all dependent on regulating the population growth. We all are affected by over-population and the sooner they realize this, the sooner the world will be a better place us and future generations.

Just the fact that he is not comfortable wearing that stupid pointy hat , tells ma a lot about that man ....... He must have been reading my posts

This man is going to be a "Great Pope". He's already drawing criticism from the pedophiles and the gay marriage advocates not only in the church but around the world. Plus he's got the attitude of a Parish Priest not a PC Politician.I'm wondering what Uncle Joe is going to do/say to embarrass the U.S of A. !!??

The President of Argentina is a nice piece of a z z.

The pope is against homosexuals. Hmmm, that's interesting doesn't he know half his army of priests are homosexuals. Hyprocrites.

..another "female communist" .....breaking the inner circle....keep them at a distance.....the Pope's first job is the Lords sheep....

"and he gave her a kiss." Let's get two facts straight right at the onset:  1- Argentineans are inherently HAMS!  So what we witnessed here was one trying to "out ham" the other!  2- Judas gave Jesus a kiss shortly before sending him to his doom!

I like the picture of the pope with the president of Argentina.  Who thinks the caption would read "Don't worry, I'll see to it that there are no women in leadership roles within the church."

I hope Biden and Pelosi choke on the communion wafer.

Full blown patriarchy. Yuck. And those stupid hats. Amazing.

Attention Catholics: Do not let your children be alone with this Pope.

Hopefully he will remind sheriff joe and polosi that the cannot be Catholic and be pro choice. and expect Catholics to pay for it in August of this year!!OpinionatedOne ... then read the comment below yours. They don't care. They go right on with their blinded faith in a man who is taking them for a ride. If you see what Santa Claus does to kids.... it's the same thing the pope does to adults. Neither do anything but fool the idiot. You would think the costume alone would detour anyone who might have at least a 6th grade education, but heck no. The more "secularly" educated they are and the more mammonized they are, the more thet believe in the nut. But... if you are a part of the same secularism and wealth, no matter where it is connected, you will be numbered with the very thing you think you despise.

I would have slipped her the tongue ....Hoo Ahh!!

No Dr.Ouellette there's nothing bizarre about the catholic cult, they worship idols. There's nothing bizarre about that among pagans. True worshipers of God don't call Mary the 'mother of God' nor do they bow down before men or idols. Neither do they call a man that is not their biological father 'father' or 'holy father' that makes these men the catholics spiritual father. That title is for 'God, The Father in Heaven' alone. Jesus said so! I trust Him over any man or man made doctrine.

I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm pooped out on the Pope.

Francis is some liar.  He tells people what God thinks, yet constantly begs for everyone to pray for him.  Why doesn't he just ask the big guy in the sky to bless him?  It this a papal popularity contest or what?

I am not Catholic, but I like him!!!! He has a set!

I trust the Jains won't be attending naked.

why should ANY president meet with ANY church leaders ?

I don't understand why people flock to this man, he can't save their soul.  I can drop down on my knees and pray for myself.  I don't need someone else to do my praying and asking for my forgiveness.

Now why do I need a pope when I can approce the throne of God the Father thru the name Of Jesus His Son and pray for myself?be blessed pope Francis,

I give the guy 6 months before someone sticks him with a knife.

"And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him...The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture...""Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device..."

You should see how he surprises the altar-boys, it's more than kisses.

when is he going to start up those 666 tattoos?

We will never tire to pray for our church leaders, may God protect our new Pope as he assumes greater responsibilities of leading the catholic church as we all say Amen,

I wonder if the mass will be held in the homosexual nightclub leased from the Vatican, and only a block away?  Does anyone know if clergy get a discount?

Why would anyone follow,or listen to a guy that dresses like that LOL.

they knocking boots

This leftist woman is so hipocrate all has a hidden agenda.I bet she went for the Falklands that will never be argentinean.All religions are "strange".Protestantism is so #$%$ crazy that any old toothless hayseed can "interpret" the bible himself and split any hair he likes and he'll find gullible, puritanical (and ALWAYS &amp; most tellingly, ANTISOCIAL) followers to join his cult. After all, mormonism and all its offshoot cults (Branch Davidians, et al) and all the nutty snake-handling, tongue-speaking, holy-roller, born-again, evangelical denominations are all protestant. Each protestant denomination is even nuttier than the last.

This note is disgustingly associating and insinuating that Father Bergoglio, at the time, was blessing the people prior to being tortured by the military.  I lived there during that time and besides of the torture caused by the military, we suffered from the atrocities caused by the indiscriminate bombing caused by the terrorists as well. It was bad on both sides, no doubt, but to put all of the human rights violations that occurred during those dark hours in Argentina's history, on Pope Francis, it's character assassination at it's worst.  The Associated Press and Nicole Winfield should be ashamed of themselves. The military junta certainly had the blessing of President Carter between '76 and '80

is he gonna give Mugabe a kiss too?

I love non-Catholics and non-believers - they say the silliest things - Like - "what's that hook?" Gotta love 'em.Or the best is when a non-Catholics and non-believers or protestants make a comment about the Holy Mother Church and #1 they have no idea what they are talking about, #2 you know they simply repeat something they overheard or something someone told them. To me, there is nothing in the world that can make one of the these cults look more ignorant and frankly stupid then making a comment on something they no nothing about but they say it anyway. Do people educate themselves anymore? Do people actually read?Our Lord and Savior commands us to love and pray for our enemies and Pope Francis is doing just that.

Another South American President who rules by decree.  No, thank you.

Kiss of the Devil.

this pope is going to get more publicity, get more exposed in the lime light and he will be come very popular. incidentally its very much like what ive read somewhere else!.... He also doesnt looks dodgy just like the last one.

Tha church wasn,t allowed to interfere with the military government ,but the church was allowed to go in  those places for the praying of those been killed ,and the are testimonials in the vatican of denouncements of human rights violations as well as united nations . The abuses of the "dirty war " were never published in united states from both faccions !! Reading is also a means of education and now the internet has no boundarys to know what happen's in this world .the religion is a common sense denominator for respect ,love to one another ,comprehend the others ,and god our divine supremo who forgives ,not punish ,who loves everyone without distinction !

Politician will do everything to make them famous! Shame on you Cristina!!

W@nkErsThe present status of argentine head of state ! She was never  a lawyer,a member of comunist tendency groups of fighters when her late husband was in the politacal /facist group named montoneros killing campesinos and robbing in the name of fighting for the liberation of argentina's from the military government established to reorganize the society and security of their citizens when the outburst of comunism and killings of different nacionalities prominents citizens  was taken place .then  after democracy regained momentum and freedom of choosing new presidents  give christina and husband nestor kirschner popularity and demagogery took place to change the traditional ways of democracy . Her presidency brought poverty ,persecusion on any opponent ,to the point of wanting to change the constitution for personal gain of been reelected . Her financial gains ,and issues with money related government are vast to count .history still to be written some more !! Asociated with chavez ,castro ,iran,china,etc . Evil dressed in nice clothes!i hope there is a miracle in the name of god to change her mind !

May God Bless Pope Francis and the Church, now and always.

Every new popes coronation attracts millions world wide and leaders from all over the world !

I never understood how the creator of all we see and dont see all we understand and dont understand concerns themselves with who has sex with who....who eats what.....and if we believe in them or not......Seems to me to be a  rather petty endevor for the creator of all existence.   Just a thought

x

The Argentinians say, "Heil Hitler".

I'd like to know how the homophobic Vatican reconciles the fact that they own property, within a block of the Vatican, that they lease to a homosexual nightclub?  Maybe, the clergy get a discount?

If Pope Francis (man of humility and poverty) who wants to help the poor, the impoverished really cares he will end this "no contraception" law of the church.   Get with it.   People are suffering because they have no money and more kids keep popping out.   This would be a really great change for the church, the people and the world!

The irony of it all is Christin Lagarde is robbing the Greeks, Cypriots and Italians and Lagarde doesn't even pay taxes.As an official of an international institution, her salary of $467,940 (£298,675) a year plus $83,760 additional allowance a year is not subject to any taxes....

This is why countries struggling because idiots hang out with religious people that rely on miracle instead of going to workGood for Pope Francis and good for Pres. Fernandez! She could have stayed home or he could have received her and not looked at her nor smiled....as prior two popes have done onshaking hands with someone whom they felt not worthy. But, Pope Francis received her, looked at her and smiled. It is obvious to me that he lives what he preaches...such a breath of fresh air! May his tribe increase.

Question and I may not be aware this any more. Do Catholics have to go through an annulment to receive communion if one is divorced? That was one custom of the church I had a problem with in order to receive the sacrament...........

At least this papacy is starting off better than the way the last one ended. Pope Francis has at least involved an adult of the opposite sex.   I'm sure he wouldn't mind 'pope-ing' her either.

More scandals for the church to look at

I hope this pope say a prayer for the people of jamaica they are suffering under portia simpson miller

WOW  maybe he is the only straight guy in the Catholic  Church , he kissed a woman. Now for him too get rid of the sick priests and parishioners that protect the sickos .

francis kissed her sounds like francis wanted some booty

Kudos to Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez

pope looks like anthony hopkins .

What Francesca doing today, farting in her skirts ?The Falklands belong to Britain! Sorry Kirchner, but not even a pope is gonna change the Islander's opinions!

Yes let's give the Pope a rest, lot of no news stuff.

Just Glad it was not a boy....the kiss

Grandma in a white dress, kissing her beautiful grand-daughter in a black dress.

Wow did anyone actually read the last 98 paragraphs of this article after the first 2?

"I know it was you...you broke my heart"

The Catholic church breeds perverts. Other churches do not. In the Catholic church you have a closet full of perverts who think sex with a women is a dirty duty just to produce children. A necessary evil. That's why no birth control. That's why they baptize babies. To wash away the sins of conception.This is not healthy thinking.

I find Catholicism one of the more bizarre religions. In the practice of Catholicism we find people going down on their knees before priest of questionable sexual orientation, while performing some weird form of spiritual cannibalism. Quite strange really.

Catholic Torture‘The Holy Inquisition’Account of a woman accused of not eating pork [meaning ‘for being a Jew’] 1568She was ordered to be placed on the potro [rack]. She said; “Sir’s, why will you not tell me what I have to say? [Victims were never told what they were accused of]. Sir, put me on the ground – have I not said that I did it all?”She was told to talk. She said, “I don’t remember – take me away – I did what the witnesses say”.She was told to tell in detail what the witnesses said. She said, “Sir’s, as I have told you, I do not know for certain. I have said that I did all that the witnesses say. Sir’s, release me, for I do not remember.”She was told to talk. She said, “Sir’s, it does not help me to say that I did it and I have admitted that what I have done has brought me to this suffering – Sir you know the truth – Sir’s , for god’s sake have mercy on me. Oh Sir, take these things from my arms – Sir’s, release me, they are killing me.”She was tied on the potro with cords, she was admonished to tell the truth and the garrottes were ordered to be tightened.She said, “Sir, do you not see how these people are killing me? I did it – for God’s sake let me go.”[Henry Charles Lea.  A History of the Inquisition of Spain; Vol. III p.25.Translated from the Catholic Recorder’s account. My additions, only within brackets]With severe injuries [and possibly driven insane], she’d be taken and burnt to death.Thousands suffered the same fate, at times whole families, including children. The Inquisition was not confined to Spain, and lasted 500 years.IN WHAT WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, DOES ANY OF THIS, COMPLY WITH THE TEACHINGS OF JESUS CHRIST?

I still fail to see why people are so fascinated by a man other men have given this title of "pope". As a Christian, I follow Jesus/God and the Bible and am told to have no idols or worship anything or anyone other than Him...so at the risk of being accused of "passing judgement"...what is this fascination with a pope??Obama is sending Biden....the highest ranking CASUAL CATHOLIC  we have.  How shallow......Wonder if the vp will receive communion......

I really can't understand why it is that Catholics tend to have so much confidence in whoever their Pope happens to be at any certain time and now it's Pope Francis who is nothing more than a man from Argentina who is certainly not a god.  People seem to have forgot that it was the Roman Church who crucified Jesus

As a church, you follow your foundations and defined beliefs and people decide whether they do or do not wish to chose your religion or find a new one that you agree with.  As a government, you follow the will of the people. If the will of the people want gay marriage passed, then gay marriage should be passed.  if the pope wants to make governmental changes, he should start with the will of the people and reaching out to them directly.  If he convinces the politician to change her mind, then she is not serving the people correctly.

The Vatican bans progressive theologians. But it welcomes Mugabe, the worst kind of dictator.

Well another child molester in the vatican,  here we go again

Pope Bill Clinton?

Did he slip in the tongue?

So sad...the lemmings are actually reaching out to him like he is infallible. Oh wait, Catholic dogma dictates that his papal dictates and authority are infallible. He is then the very essence of God, Christ's only substitute. The leader of Gods people who is closer to god than any other. OK I think I am going to vomit this kool-aid.

Interestingly enough, when it comes to the very nature of the papacy, God has nothing to do with it.

In your brainwashed mind!Of all of the dignitaries that will be descending there, will Obama be there or have a representative there? Or would that be acknowledging there are still many Christians in this world!

Cristina es una boluda.!..but cancer is waiting to be awake on her again..soon very soon..

What we see here is:(Revelation 17:1, 2) And one of the seven angels that had the seven bowls came and spoke with me, saying: “Come, I will show you the judgment upon the great harlot who sits on many waters, 2 with whom the kings of the earth committed fornication, whereas those who inhabit the earth were made drunk with the wine of her fornication.

I'm tired of this already. Absolutely nothing will change within the church with this guy. The idiot doesn't even acknowledge that gays exist. I'm sure he will support all the sexual predators in church. What a waste. They really had a chance to solve some of the issues with the right guy.

You guys are enemies of God's anointed people. My advise to you all to repent from it or else you face God's wrath.

@RA -- We obsess over the 4% sinful priests because 100% of them are harbored and protected by this pack of fools dressed up like halloween partygoers. By the way the 4%you speak of is Only the percentage that has gotten caght.

These two need to sort out their objectives! There are more important issues at stake such as the Argentine inflation rate and their relationship with the I M F to say nothing of Mahoney and the pedophiles.

Why is this even news? One child molester leaves, another takes his place. So what? The church is an old and obsolete institution. Let's cut off the anchor of the human race that is RELIGION, and move forward!!!!!!!!!

I'm not surprised. They have been kissing for a long time in the Catholic church, but it's usually the altar boys on the "receiving end"

Why do people refer to the pope as Holy father?...position  reminiscent of the Middle Ages and the Inquisition...... well is  there  any  subject  in  which  the  churches  position  has  changed?The  big  difference is not opinion, but  relevance.

The church sits on many governments and turns there heads like a saddled horse, however the saddle buckle has come lose and she is falling off swiftly !

from quran''We gave Moses the Book and followed him up with a succession of messengers; We gave Jesus the son of Mary Clear (Signs) and strengthened him with the Holy Spirit. Is it that whenever there comes to you a messenger with what ye yourselves desire not, ye are puffed up with pride?- Some ye called impostors, and others ye slay!''''Say ye: "We believe in Allah, and the revelation given to us, and to Abraham, Ismail, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and that given to Moses and Jesus, and that given to (all) prophets from their Lord: We make no difference between one and another of them: And we submit to Allah (in Islám)."''Those messengers We endowed with gifts, some above others: To one of them Allah spoke; others He raised to degrees (of honor); to Jesus the son of Mary We gave clear (Signs), and strengthened him with the Holy Spirit. If Allah had so willed, succeeding generations would not have fought among each other, after clear (Signs) had come to them, but they (chose) to wrangle, some believing and others rejecting. If Allah had so willed, they would not have fought each other; but Allah Does what he wills.''''Behold! the angels said: "O Mary! Allah giveth thee glad tidings of a Word from Him: his name will be Christ Jesus, the son of Mary, held in honor in this world and the Hereafter and of (the company of) those nearest to Allah.""He shall speak to the people in childhood and in maturity. And he shall be (of the company) of the righteous."''She said: "O my Lord! How shall I have a son when no man hath touched me?" He said: "Even so; Allah createth what He willeth: When He hath decreed a plan, He but saith to it, 'Be,' and it is!"''And Allah will teach him the Book and Wisdom, the Torah and the Gospel,""And (appoint him) as a messenger to the Children of Israel, (with this message): "'I have come to you, with a Sign from your Lord, in that I make for you out of clay, as it were, the figure of a bird, and breathe into it, and it becomes a bird by Allah's leave: And I heal those born blind, and the lepers, and I bring the dead into life, by Allah's leave; and I declare to you what ye eat, and what ye store in your houses. Surely therein is a Sign for you if ye did believe;''" '(I have come to you), to attest the Torah which was before me. And to make lawful to you part of what was (Before) forbidden to you; I have come to you with a Sign from your Lord. So fear Allah, and obey me." 'It is Allah Who is my Lord and your Lord; then worship Him. This is a Way that is straight.'""Our Lord! we believe in what Thou hast revealed, and we follow the Messenger. then write us down among those who bear witness."And (the unbelievers) plotted and planned, and Allah too planned, and the best of planners is Allah.''When Jesus found unbelief on their part he said: "Who will be my helpers to (the work of) Allah?" Said the disciples: "We are Allah's helpers: We believe in Allah, and do thou bear witness that we are Muslims."''Behold! Allah said: "O Jesus! I will take thee and raise thee to Myself and clear thee (of the falsehoods) of those who blaspheme; I will make those who follow thee superior to those who reject faith, to the Day of Resurrection: Then shall ye all return unto Me, and I will judge between you of the matters wherein ye dispute.''

Good thing for her he wasn't French.

A new top 10 hit. "Pope kissed a girl and liked it".

What is Joe Biden doing their, you can't believe anything he says.    Some more of tax payers money, when is this going to STOP.

EMPTY WORDS, FOR JEHOVAH IS A GOD OF JUSTICE !

In the Philippines you see pictures of children picking thru the trash and garbage, to find something to sell,its not a plesant sight. I believe that they are catholic.They have a new pope ,but they will still be picking thru the garbage.In Brazil ,where the people are catholic, children live in the sewer, they have a new pope ,but the children will continue to suffer. Yet this pope like other pope will continue to tell the poor to have babies that they don't need or support. They (the catholic church) don't believe in birth control,or women having their tubes tied,vasectomy, for men,abortions.They tell the poor to suffer, and when they die they will go home to Jesus and have pie in the sky.Ridiculous

Business as usual .... and   a photo op for both.

Who knows where his lips have been! ICK ICK ICKShe provably was cute...30yrs ago, now she's just an old beat up hag  ;p

I inspires me that the pope also believes in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy.....

he is not latino! he is a european, i was wondering how can they ever let go this post to anyone outside the "superior races" ?

'Religion  is  a  product  of  human  weakness,'..................Albert  Einstein.

Let wait and see.  I am very confident that HE intends to do things that HE suppose to do and more good things.  But the TIME we are living now will not be on His favor.  Anyway the UNIVERSE is watching, because the date HE took the name FRANCIS 1r. was very MYSTICAL: 03/13/13.  Think about that.

Turn over all the pedos guido.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, nonummy ligula volutpat hac integer nonummy. Suspendisse ultricies, congue etiam tellus, erat libero, nulla eleifend, mauris pellentesque. Suspendisse integer praesent vel, integer gravida mauris, fringilla vehicula lacinia non

"numbers not seen since the beatification of Pope John Paul II in 2011.."Haha, what now, yahoo? The crowd for the pope is going to be large, unheard of since the last time there was a new pope? That's...not really record breaking for pope crowds..

Watch, i will kiss the one who will betray me...

the catholic church is a vile, entity whose wicked works far out weigh any possible good they could ever do....plus, like all religions, it is based on mythology, and lies.....their followers are precisely what they say they are....SHEEP.......The devil and his angels...

he is a jew but we call him the pope, he is kkk but we call him catholic do you notsee nazi, or rather nazi notsee, or you just do not see

500 years ago this cult killed anyone who did not convert to its belief, now it just collects money to rape the children of the folks who pay. You would think the parents (all of them) would refuse to keep paying to have theirs and other peoples children raped.  Why do they keep paying?

Meeting of the evil minds - it seems!  They are coming from all over the world to see the pope - great even Mugabe whose human rights violation are known has an invitation but than what does one expect from a corporation (Catholic Church) with their record on child abuse.  I for one am sick of the charade.

I would not just kiss her, I would do more...she is the hottest president since what's her face of the Ukraine.  WooHOO

....Mr. Pope stomp her communist #$%$ out.....

"Pope calls on flock to be merciful."The truth of the matter here is that the pope is working the crowd so that they will show mercy toward the Roman Catholic Church, and the cardinals, bishops, and priests involved in sex abuse.  Every time it happens the perpetrators of these ghoulish crimes call out for mercy from their superiors, and they get it each and every time.  Let's not give them any more mercy.  Bring them to accountability.  Their time is up.  The Pope must first take care of this huge "rhinoceros in the room" and lay it to rest.  Show them no mercy until they have been held accountable for their crimes against humanity.

motto:  "there no butt like a young butt"

Republica Argentina !! Smart people with bad,corrupt governments !!

a true sith lord of the dark side....Isn't Adolfo Nicolas Pachon the real leader of the Catholic church?

Hope he made her grovel,  he is ten times as powerful as she is now.  Kiss the ring!

Boss please  help me money arjant boss online bank me  mybank addess=md;redwan.s/ba/c no=13902028436=islamibank 139 laksam brancuh bangladesh.

The Popes new motto, if it feels good do it over and over. That would be his message to gays and lesbians.

Well she is safe having a meeting with him, she's the wrong sex and to old.

El unico Papa que vale nombrarlo ha sido JUAN XXIII despues de el, solo nombres , nadie se atrevio a hacer cambios que requieren los seguidores de la eligion catolica. A los jovenes que nunca escucharon el nombre de GIOVANNI RONCALLI , leanlo , sus mensajes , su Sabiduria y su santidad .El si merece un lugar en el cielo , y ser un santo si la iglesia catolica reconoce sus virtudes .

Does that look like a hook in pope's hand?

No offense but this chick don't look like a president,she's too hot.

wow ..he moh popular than jay-z

I think the last pope was  bether than this one.Well I was gonna say: GAAAAAAY!!! But he kissed a female so I guess it doesn't count.

It is a blessing the Pope is from a nation like Argentina whose female leader is being satanically misled in much of what that nation believes is good or right.The Pope closely follows the teachings of the Bible and those are truly what are bestfor a woman, a nation and its people.

the kkk back at it again, this time with notsee jews, pretending not to be #$%$

The pope IS God!!

ALL  the GAY Cardinals said look at that sick pope kissing a woman .

I read where he kissed somone. I thought Oh No he's gay and I was gonna ask was he undressed when he kissed, him   Then !  I found out he kissed a girl. Sorry about that cuz so many priests are kissing boys genitals lately

Wait, I'm confused. Where are all the little boys at???

Google _____bubida_____to get some hotties to take care of you.

" including mandatory sex education in schools, free distribution of contraceptives in public hospitals, and the right for transsexuals to change their official identities on demand. Argentina in 2010 became the first Latin American country to legalize same-sex marriages."I never knew that Argentina was so progressive. Good on them.

He is just another #$%$..Pathetic fanatics, stay blind and suck his kok!!!Another useless bench warmer....

My Catholic friend said we cant have that a pope kissing a woman . LOL  .

They (Jews and Christians) took their rabbis and their monks to be their lords besides Allâh (by obeying them in things which they made lawful or unlawful according to their own desires without being ordered by Allâh), and (they also took as their Lord) Messiah, son of Maryam (Mary), while they (Jews and Christians) were commanded [in the Taurât (Torah) and the Injeel (Gospel)) to worship none but One Ilâh (God - Allâh) Lâ ilâha illa Huwa (none has the right to be worshipped but He) . Praise and glory be to Him, (far above is He) from having the partners they associate (with Him)." (Koran 9.31)

Is this guy also into little kids or homosexual like Benedict was? Anyone know?

MTV replaced Catholicism

this pope suks koks in 'ell