HANGIM. THATS the Punishment for TRAITORS

They better put old bill clinton with him because of all the stuff he gave them.

He's guilty of treason against the USA, he deserves nothing more thenthe firing squad!

Another fool who was too dumb to know he was being used  by this Chinese female! He is a traitor and should be punished severely. Or, move him permanently to China! No return trip to USA.

If guilty shoot him--I'm tired of traitors getting off lightly.

Mentions Col. Bishop? Is he in the military? Retired? What? If he is still in the military, then he deserves a dishonorable discharge and stripped of all rank and retirement! If he is out, he deserves a court martial,and his retirement taken away ASAP,and tried for treason no matted what his status is!

He was thinking with the wrong head.

I wonder who is "rating" these comments... I select team of six year olds with ADD?Anyway, you pick up a Chinese girl in a bar. And this is the kind of stuff she wants to talk about.How stupid is this guy? The things people will do for a bit of tail never ceases to amaze me.

If found guilty, break out the old rope, find a stout limb and hang him in public for the world to see. It is past time to take America back.

Anybody got any launch codes......lmao...

Is nothing classified anymore? I thought the politicians had this job! Suicidal maniacs!We are so stupid as a country when it comes to controlling our secrets and proprietary information.

These people with sensitive information have to learn which head to think with...hanging is too good for him

The security of our massive Federal Government System from all of its departments leaks like a sieve.  It can't manage its spending. It can't manage a budget, its Las Vegas Party Dept's, its Presidential Secret Service people and it sure can't manage its security. What's left?

Fifty nine year old man, twenty seven year old woman, and international intrigue make a story as old as time.

Hang them both, publicly

If found guilty then take him out to an oak tree and him so society can see what happens to those who commit treason.

He committed TREASON, plain and simple. Penalty is DEATH, plain and simple.

too many people serving our country feel they have a right to analysis conduct and prosedures and if not in agreement leak out information to other countries. these people are plain and simple, TRAITORS. if the president allows info released that's ok, but not by some horndog.

In my book that is called treason. To bad it's not during a time of an offical"war" like WWII, then he could be excuted. (Every conflict since WWII is not a "war" but only a "police action" only congress can declare war.)

"Hey Joe, me love you long time.  You give me war plans, OK."Gee foreign female spy uses sex to get a stupid defense contractor to reveal secrets.  Who ever heard of such a thing.  Too bad know one remembers the Cold War in this country.

Hang 'em high!

Little Head, thinking for the Big Head..

This story no have happy ending for man.

Okay, we're not at war with China, so he can't be tried for treason. How about terrorism? Our government needs to start looking at intellectual property [national security information] differently than it has before the 21st century.

Must have been cute...

A Chinese Mata Hari sweet talks this 59 year old man into divulging secrets, no nooki is that good, if guilty give this traitor the harshest penalty possible.

A military officer knows quite well what he should and should not do pertaining to military classified documents.Young attractive spies have existed for thousands of years....

Why isn't he being charged with treason?, must have close ties to the Obama administration.

Who said old style spying doesn't work, the power between the legs is enormous.Tokyo Rose!

Blood is thicket than water...Think you can trust them_think again!

Ah, the evils of sex. Sexpionage.

There was a time when treason was punishable by death. Now its just a misdemeanor.

Not everything is always as it seems.

Shocker the Chinese spying on us!!! What is this world coming to.

They need to hang both of these Idiots .

Should be tried for and executed for Treason.

Talk about male menopause ? 59 year old man infatuated by a 27 year old female and willing to betray his countries secrets as a means to impress and bed her. It's as old as time itself !

Why was he not charged for treason and sell/ or given away U.S. top secret  . unclassified info. so what does he know that could blow the doors open on the U.S. Government.!!!!!!!!!!!!And our newest military technology is sold worldwide, but I guess that isn't a crime.  Seeing the new MGS Stryker in Saudi before our own Troops had it was enlightening.

Just another example of a man thinking with his head located south of his belt line instead of on his shoulders.

Traitor! But hey, the Chinese had already hacked that information and he was simply confirming their intelligence had it correct!

The results of a college education and the mid body brain thinking.

So what is to happen to the 27 year old woman?  Just let her stay around on a government visa?  Ih Bishop is still in the reserves he shouldd stand court martial not civilian court.

We used to put people that spied on us on the Edison powered lounge chair...

Why do you think FDR threw all those Japanese in the camps during the war?  How do you think they all have kept up with all the wests best advances in every field! Nothing new!When caught, its because we wanted to avoid a was because America with a technology alone will go to way is always their answer, funny how they all have the same liberal view of things!!!!!!!!!

The government does not like the private sector moving in to there territory.

Oh! You love me long time G.I........

I can remember when you would get the death penalty for this.Shoot em both

"...detect other nations' low- and medium-range ballistic missiles."Can someone please tell me what a low-range missile is?

Such "fancy" names for the charges brought against Bishop - TREASON works for me.So what's the current P.C. phrase for "loose lips, sinks ships"?

He would never do anything to hurt his country "Except" give War plans and nuclear plans to his girl who is less than half his age.  Hang him he is a fool

years ago at the beginning of the cold war, security of documentation required that secret documentation  had to be signed out on a need to know basis. every six months a detailed search was made to account for every document.  later on this strict requirement was put aside with the results of many missing and in the wrong hands of secret documents. what is needed now is a review and institution of a system that understands the needs of this country to keep our secrets out of the hands of our perceived friends.

There is a definite difference in running off at the mouth in an attempt to impress a potential sex partner and researching classified files to answer a question from a foreign national. I vote thumbs down! He has violated the oath every citizen being granted a security clearance must make...no slap on the hands.

Burn him.  Confirm the evidence then execute him as a traitor.

Traitor. He should be tried for treason.

Chinese?    But she's the first girl I ever had!    And she told me she was Philippine...   Let's give the guy a big ddddduuuuuuuhhhhhhhhh....     A salute to Duh!

What kind of background check failed to turn up a Chinese girlfriend? The people charged with the duty of protecting our nation are failing miserably.nail this b----es #$%$ to the wall to.

What a MORON, He didn't think for a moment that she was a spy,,After all she is Chinese.#$%$ !!!

This is a clear case of treason and treason demands the death penalty.

He was obviously thinking with the wrong head.

No Chinese national should ever be issued a security clearance... Ever.

Traesure- why not charged with treason. Jail for life!

The FBI would have caught him earlier but they were too busy reading everyone's email.

Is this no longer called treason?

When someone in government screws up, their motto is " Fu2k up......move up"  Nothing will happen.  He will quietly retire with full benefits and life, as the  government knows it, will go on.

Benjamin "Hawkeye" Pierce?  Say it ain't so!   :DGive him a very fair trial, make sure there are no questions left over, and if found guilty, CHOP his head off with a heavy meat-cleaver.

A modern day Sampson falling in the arms of lust robbing him of common sense. In the bible Sampson was arrested, had his eyes put out, became like an ox and tread out meal and evenually tore down the house killing everyone involved including himself. Here's hoping this has a better ending.

China sent a spy-ho over here to lure this fool and he fell for it hook line and sinker. No mercy for thinking with the wrong head. I agree with the other posts - hang him high.

Who screens these "outside contractors"....let me guess the Chinese woman...America what a country

What is between the legs always seems to out think the capacity of the brain think.If it's a woman half your age wanting something other than what you want but willing to trade for SEX for information you should know your had. The Chinese have a special branch that is solely for the purpose of sex for information.Ignorant old man thinking she wanted him, or he didn't care and needed some booty.

It doesn't matter. This happens all the time. The difference is this guys is a small fish so they go after him. Every hear of the Clintons and Loral?

Put him in the same cell as Bradley and keep him there forever. Pretty sone the ACLU will be knocking on the door.

Info for a little booty Hang his #$%$ to the nearest light pole

If he is judged to be a traitor,...then he needs to be executed as a traitor!  no mercy for  people that put this great nation at risk!

Can we go ahead and give Mr. Bisop the death penalty and carry it out this afternoon.Yet another contractor making a quick few bucks - much like Halliburton and Cheney, much like Rummy and the Pentagon.  These contractors are licensed to steal.  Just ask the VP from Wyoming.  He diidn't get his money from clean dealing.

A 27 yrold Chinese woman? Was there any indication that organized syalking may have led to the man becoming distant with neighbors and distrusting them? This would be a common tactic to create a web of deciet to make people trust only certain individuals because they feel everyone else is betraying them behind their back or would. All communications this man has had with anyone online should be investigated, all files saved on his computer if any are left should be reviewed. He should be questioned by a psychologist to measure his level of paranoia. All of the womans communications with anyone should be investigated as well, especially any communications she may have had with friends,  family, or neighbors if any. The chance of organized stalking by a Chinese or Russian spy agency is high in this case. More particularly due to the Nuclear Missle defense information North Korea would be interested in. There is also the possibility he was just a lousy spy volunteering for a foriegn entity with a severe lack of common sense.

Line them both up against the wall; he a traitor and she a spy; China will understand.

Me luv u long time!!!!

if found guilty, he should be publicly executed.

If he is in the military his next residence should be Levenworth for the rest of his life but I thought the sentence for treason was death!!!!!!  If he is civilian, deport him to China and never let him enter the USA again and of course confiscate all of his property in the USA.

Obviously NASA needs to spend some more money on counterintelligence. The honey trap is nearly as old as espionage and still works really well.

The Gov. Admi. past &amp; present are responsible for this leak, namely farming out sensitivedata to civilian contractors who are about profit!

$.15 bullet

Make an example of this traitorous fool, EXECUTE THE MF!!!It's called high treason, punishable by death. Let's see how long this episode plays out by the media.

Lets see now....he's 59 and she's 27.......I'm sure she was just "in love" and so impressed by his.....WHAT AN IDIOT!

Open source materials?  Why is classified info open source?

Not surprised.

This is a very poorly written article Audrey.  If you are still in the Army Reserves, you still address said person with his rank.  Playing it PC, aren't you, by not calling him a traitor?

Ahhh shades of the cold war!

We didn't even put John Walker or his son to death. Why would we hang this guy .  We can't even control gang violence in our cities.

So will our country be taken over by the communists, or fall from the weight of the welfare mexicans and useless lazy americans.or just sold to the highest bidder and how much did slick willie and hillery get for all the military secrets they sold to china?

They should both be shot as traitors.

Stupid, stupid man!!!From what I know of classified information, there first has to be a need to know before info is examined. It seems that's where the ball has been dropped from The A-Bomb (of which some got away with it) to Wiki Leaks (a private having access to top secret cables). "Though the topic fell outside Bishop's regular work assignments"- He should not have had access at all to it in the first place, so others should be disciplined. Since he is a Lt. Colonel in the reserves should be punished under the military court system. This occurred in a time of war also, and if memory serves correctly that would qualify the death penalty.

59 years old, with a 27 year old women who is interested. That alone should have raised red flags with him. Garland is correct, thinking with the wrong head.

Confucius say: American man who mess with China woman at wrong time of month gets caught red handed.

#1--How come a  CIVILIAN  posses info. like this ?#2--Will be interesting to see what kind of punishment he'll get since he spied for an  ENEMY  of the US, in comparison to Pollard that spied for an  ALLY  (Israel) and got life.

Isn't that typical.  Wave the prospect of sex in front of a person and ask about classified information.  Works every time.  (For either gender).How did he not know he was being pulled into a honey trap?

We are so screwed.If we faced a world war today, we would be ran over by Iceland.HEY YOU DUMB AZZED SOCIALIST!!!!!How did Japan take over China????a)China was in a Civil war as Mao choose to overthrow the Chinese Government. It left them open for attack and Japan used the Chinese as Throw Away Sex Toys.It could happen here!

China is no friend to US.  When are we going to wake up to that fact?  After another "Pearl Harbor" or "911" style attack?

This story goes as far back as human existence. Lonely person, has something of value to someone else. Along comes sexy, younger person, and the rest is history. Throw him in prison, shoot the #$%$, and keep operational details restricted.

Combatants are all Nationalities ,former senators and civil defense contractors  WINK Obama

jail him for life on treason charges.wait, we gave a visa to enter and work in this country, and then we let her attend an international military conference?  woah!  perhaps somebody in the American emabassy in china needs to be hauled up too.

If true, this is treason.  Our country is being destroyed.

Must be related to Bush and Chenney some how. They were also traitors, trading lives for oil, which we got none but big-fat contract for Chenney's Co. Haliburton.

If this 59-year-old can fool himself into thinking that a 27-year-old woman is attracted to him he can also fool himself into thinking that it's safe to tell her classified information...

The crime is called TREASON!  He should be punished severely as well as the young Chinese woman who seduced him, she must have planned to seduce one of these contractors to get information for government.

asain nookie very strong ah so

can some one tell me what is a person with a student visa doing in a international military conference? and can the death penalty be aplied to this traitor?

Why do all women in the federal government look like butch lesbians?

We don’t even like the Chinese. When she asked questions about sensitive information he didn’t know about a flag should of went up. Ego at the expense of all of us, that’s treason.

off with his #$%$!!If be is an Obama donor then he is in the clear. Charges will be dropped.

When ever we have a case of espionage a quick bullet to the head may at least make these treasonous #$%$ give it a second thought....

Hanoi Jane says it's ok, don't worry, don't worry! Wonder what the enemy will do with lesbians?

Hang the traitor.  Obama, not Bishop.

The military-industrial complex that Ike warned us abouthas always worked both sides of every fence.It is always been about the money.If you supply both sides with weapons you have twice the sales.

The government should always be checking these people who know military secrets to see if they should have access to that information based on their lives. If you don't, this is what happens. There is no privacy when our vital interest are at stake! And if you don't like the intrusion into your life, get a different job. This guy should be in prison till he dies!

Trite Story!  Sex for trade secrets!  I am shocked.  20 something oriental girl with 60 year-old white guy high on sex!  Spills the beans!  SHOCK!

Time to bring back a traditional ,non-tech, HANGING for spies. No mercy just death, and let it be known. Idiots may think twice about sex verse Death by Hanging for spies.

He's a contractor.....with what company?????  how could someone write a whole article about a contractor doing this without saying what company he works for?  Not only that, but what is the GOV doing to the company?  are there fines for not controling your workers?

HE'S A TRAITOR AND SHOULD BE TREATED AS ONE. WE'RE IN A WAR , WE'VE BECOME TO SOFT WITH PEOPLE THAT LIKE THIS. HE'D BE SHOT IN SOME OTHER COUNTRIES.Had he just given the Chinese actual weaponry, as was done in Fast and Furious, he may have skated.

And I bet he was white. I've always said that those that would betray this country would be white. Prove me wrong.

Here comes secret agent, "Obama", alias Barry Sotero.

did he miss the infosec training I wonder

Leonard Hofstadter has a new girlfriend????!!!!

If he served this country for twentynine years he knows what he did was wrong, they should take him up in a plane and throw him out over the ocean without a parachute.  At the very least his family should forfeit any pay, benefits awarded those that serve honorably, he is bound to be divorced and have dependents.  What a disgrace this dirt bag is, just for a shot at some young chinese tang, hope it was fun.  Of course he won't be tried for treason and executed, so at the very least the rest of his life should be spent a Levenworth, making little nes out of big ones, rocks that is, or in solitary confinement without visitation.

God this country is so screwed up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  God help us !!!!

hang him and her by the neck until dead !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! period !!!!!!!!!!!! Treason against the US, hang him and her!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also do something with China as well!

put him in gitmo with the sandies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Were is the girl?

He is 59 and she is 27; what a moron!  If he is guilty...hang him for being a traitor; now wasting of tax dollars on years in prison.Mercenary leaks info to a potential enemy. Nothing new about this. Prosecute the #$%$.

Jail for 20 years to life..

fry his #$%$

Sounds like something bill clinton would do.

27 year old with a 59 year old should have been the first clue.

Why is a contractor working in intelligence? Maybe its time to in house some of the work we foolishly outsourced. Contractors have never been cheaper than government employees and are always under less control.

Get a rope!!

You'll never know the inside story. US could have been feeding wrong information to China. It could be a decoy, plan to deceive the Chinese suckers. Reserve Colonel? Even the lowest clerk in the Company knows that Company emailed are being monitored. The he used Email to divulge information? He also knew who was he dealing was.  A Chinese prostitute.

Thinking with the little head...sad

Should neutering be a requirement for a security clearance?They need to hang him, Hassan and the fruit that gave the info to wikileaks. All 3 at once, on TV.

Another job well done by Kamrade Obama

I heard Obama is going to appoint this guy next SecDef.

Imagine That a 59 year old falling for a 29 year old. This guy was not thinking. She could be his grand child. Let me see why is a 29 year old girl interested in (me) a 59 year old. Could it be she is a spy? No it is because of my good looks! What a fool!

Wow, honey pots still work!

Stupid....Stupid.....Stupid....What did he think, maybe she might have been on a work/study visa, and just using this information for her studies? Just do not understand the stupidness that goes on.

Since he likes China so much,strip him of all his rights to be in the U.S.,&amp; add him to their population or shoot him in the face,which ever they do to "tresoners",he doesn't need to be here....

OK so when are they going to arrest Bill Clinton? He gave ALOT of classified information to CHINA.. So when do they drop the hammer on this traitor?

I want my money back! ALL OF IT! Contract has been breached. Then prosecute to the fullest extent of the law.

Treason and espinoge has no race no color or sex it is all about love, love of person love of country and love of money, most people will allow the act of sex get the best of their common sense.Well said,Wino!

OK how does a lowly Reserve LTC get ahold of that level of classified info??????

"Oh, and by the way hun, here are the plans you were asking about."  I hope they shoot him.  But, the liberals will probably release him do budget cuts.

Another giant step for mankind. Never trust government employees/contractors.

His ego blinded him.  He needs to study chinese math. It's hard for 59 to go into 27 very many times.

I'd say hang him too.

The greatest weapon ever created is the punani.   It has brought down powerful men, have destroyed relationships and eventually, it wouldl soon start a war!

This traitor is not dumb, he's either thinking about $ or puxxy or both for sure! There is no room in our society for traitors, period!

Bervar, you are categorically wrong.  Secret materials unsecure, sitting at his house, is putting the country's defense at risk.  Small risk?  Maybe.  But as any prior-service (or currently serving) know, if I can't trust you with the small things, I can't trust you with the big things.  He needs some serious time to reflect in Leavenworth.  Classified at home.  C'mon. I've been deployed for 3 years, over 16 years in uniform, and you know how many times I've walked out the gate with classified?  Never, with the single exception when I had the proper paperwork to document when/where/what/etc, which never left my person or was unsecured in my hooch.

Hang Her !Is this not Treason? Send him to cuba’s detention facility. Then once he has his fair trial, shoot him.

It Was Mitch McConnell's Chinese Communist Wife!

Firing squad for him, no plea agreements!

It is unlikely that this is his first time.Authoroties should investigate his previous contacts.

How ironic, a chinese oriental is our U.S. atty anouncing the whole deal, thats crazy !!!!! Really!

I would call that 1 count of treason, and multiple counts of stupid. And he is a Lt.lCol.? What a joke on us......

Obama will make him sec of defence

Sounds like an excellent opportunity for Ted Cruz to hold hearings on un-American activities.

probation and new contracts, that's what he is getting. sorry guy this is the new America we are talking about. oh oh . more student visas to Chinese nationals.

"Treason" punishiable by Death.  But he's probably so-called "White" and, he will go to jail.  You would think so-called "white" men were intelligent when it comes to "Asian' women.  "Asian women" steal and, have sex for Asia.Amazing  that he can get a court appointed lawyer since a civilian defense contractor/ReserveLieutenant Colonel working in  US Government Intelligence apparently can't afford one.  Bet he drives a nice car though.

Hang him nothing more,nothing less,this will give something for others,to think about.

He's in the military and he isn't smart enough to realize a so called college student here on a Visa asking him questions about a naval asset to the People's Republic of China? I find that very hard to believe. He knew damn well and didn't care as long as he had his fun with the spy. He deserves everything he gets and more. Let's just hope he's actually charged properly and striped of his rank and pensions.

traitor. find her ( the spy, ) too. execute both.

This is one of those types that give and sell sensitive information and as such should be treated as the covert informant, i.e. espionage that they are.  That should park his butt in the fed pen for life or given him the death penalty.  He should not be allowed to live, period! We have always had ways to deal with traitors, remember Benedict Arnold?

We have many people who betray the confidence we have for them,in everyday life.Giving arms to countries and homeland security to use however they want is betrayal at it's finest.

What we do for love.

Treason has a death sentence. The military needs to take a minute today to string this guy and the kenyan communist traitor up from the nearest light pole.

What is obama mas because he didn't have time to give it to some mislim first?

Another Bradley Manning! Traitor! Life in prison if guilty in the justice system.Treason is punishable by death. Many may die due to the lack of responsibility of this benedict arnold. his responsibility is to protect US of America no matter how good the sex was with his Chinese spy.

the contractor charged is probably related to #$%$ cheney

I was a civilian working with those jackass Colonels who think they are gods and can do no wrong when they are the worst offenders of justice and liberty.  Some of them break all the rules and think they are immune to being prosecuted.  Good, this Col. Bishop will spend the rest of his life in prison.  He is a traitor in exchange for sex.  What happens is they retire and go to work for defense companies and then sell out contracts to make money on the side that gets funneled into their personal phony bank accounts.  They rip off hard working Americans who pay their taxes for defense.

hang em high!!!

Treason....HANG HIM!

Death Penalty! Time to start making these traitors pay for this #$%$!

Firing squad.....

Would it not have been easier and more interesting if he just made up bogus stories to impress her???  Maybe say he was the 7th member of Seal Team 6?

Firing squad for the traitor.

A retired Army Reserve Lieutenant bachelor 59 and an hot 27 year old Chinese pole dancer? Sounds like the makings of a steamy novel.He was TRYING to show off --- and should lose his clearance as with a Top Secret all associates must pass a background check..... Hopefully a little Marine escort to the brig here...

59 year old pops romantically in love with a 27 year old chick. Damn, LTC, you're old enough to be her dad. What gives? LOL

No doubt there are direct ties to the White House and Congress

Funny.  This wasn't a crime when Clinton did it...

This #$%$ started with the Clinton White house...if you have a memory.

Hmmm, never ending, immigration,sex and lies.

I bet he works for Blackwater....

I have no respect for people in multiracial relationship especially with an asian or black.They are the undesirables of the #$%$ in the foodchain.

_____bubida____is a great place to find some hotties to do what you want.....Search it.