Jodi Arias is a pathological liar and a murderer.  Plain and simple.

In my opinion, Richard Samuels seems to be more involved in protecting her than in stating facts.  I think it goes further than a doctor-patient thing, even if it is only one-sided.  She looks more than comfortable to discuss her sex life with the jury, usually smiling.  Could it be that she is using sex to manipulate the doctor and male jurors just like she did with Travis ??

Why is this going on and on and on.  She killed him, she is insane, she more than just killed him.  The only thing she didn't do to him was cut him up and put him in the freezer.  Hang her from the highest tree, "As soon as possible."   Guilty JURY, no need to deliberate on this one!

I can't believe this trial is dragging on so long.  This psycho better get the death penalty

I would say that Martinez showed Samuels to be the fool he is.  He's being paid $250/hr. to get up on the stand and lie through his teeth.  Simple fact is Travis was more important to Jodi than Jodi was to Travis.  Hell hath no fury....

I don't care what kind of disorder Jodi has.  All this arguing over credibility, etc. is getting old.  Stick to the facts.  She slaughtered Travis with a gun shot, 29 stab wounds and a slit throat.  Complete overkill for self defense.  One or two gun shots/stab wounds and getting the hell out of there from your alleged attacker is self defense.  Who sticks around and does that much damage to an alleged attacker? She is a lying sack of sh/t and should be executed sooner than later.

I watched this buffoon of a witness for a while.  He is not credible.

She can't remember because she's making up lies as she goes along.

Why isn't this chick being given her last rights?

Enough already....poll the jury and get her incarcerated for lifeor give her  the just reward of death penalty.This trial has become a joke..I feel so sorry for Travis's family having to listen to this #$%$.

YAY Martinez!!!!! You just tore that overweight expert POS apart!!!!! Jeez.... Really smart men  are really attractive!.... Wow

This "psychologist" Samuels is driving me MORE CRAZY than Jodi did (on the stand).  He is even driving the defense team nuts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  His credibility SUCKS.  He is an embarrassment to his profession.  I would bet that he does NOT get paid the $250/hr., which BTW, the taxpayers are paying for....as well as the attorneys (defense).  This Samuels guy is almost comical he's so BAAAD.  I feel embarrassed just watching him on TV.  As usual, Martinez is chewing him up and spitting him out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

When she can provide proof of military combat, then PTS might be a valid possibility.   But she went into the murder with great deliberation, planning and execution.  If anything caused her trauma, it is her lies.

OOPS!L The "expert" didn't know that Jodi lied to him.... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Her story of the time of killing was SO DIFFERENT To what she told her lawyers, the jury, Martinez.... OMG!!!

We better start looking at our justice system when all the evidence and a known liar can get away with murder - if she does - there is NO justice - and yes that expert samuels should be impeached - not believable no matter what he says - I can't see why the judge hasn't already thrown him out - I hope that jury doesn't do another casey anthony - there was no justice for caylee - if casey didn't do it - who did? Travis was on to jodi arias - she threw herself at him - seduced him and used sex and when that stopped working she went bezerk on him - think about how many people are in prison or got death committing a more humane (though none are) but look at this one - and anyone who was using self defense would absolutely call 911 and be hysterical (afraid but nonetheless want the person they loved to live) - she did not do that - she went out of her way to hide it - to be cruel and mean - she is a seductress according to all I have read - she fooled that psychologist so hopefully the jury is smart enough to see through all the BS -

And just how much has ths cost the AZ taxpayers?

PTSD diagnosis????? We have troops coming home everyday who have seen war, been injured, watched their friends die, watched as innocent bystanders are hurt or killed who have legit Stress Issues and this little spoiled brats is claiming PTSD? Lets send her to Irag or Afganistan for a month and talk about her stress then.

Mr Martinez handed  Richard Samuels his butt in a bread basket today! ha ha ha

Nurmi and the doc came up with this B&gt;S&gt;diagnosis to fit her self-defense testimony.OR - her testimony mirrors what the "diagnosis" characteristics are and what to use throughout her testimony --- because they coaxed and coached her!!!  This hack will do anything for the money - as will Nurmi!  They are evil men!  The state of AZ is being robbed!!!why is this farce continuing?, It's obvious that this pos is a pathological liar/murderer and any alleged ptsd was self inflicted end the trial and fry the #$%$!!

Damn Skippy, why is the woman still alive and talking?

Mr Martinez is tearing that "expert" apart... And that's a good thing!!!!

She killed him and kept killing him. My question is, if they were broken up, why did she go there. I suspect he told her that it was really, really over and she could not accept that.

Yup! Shes crazy as a fox.

Maybe her memory is foggy because her glasses were cloudy from the hot shower and all that steamy sex.

Seems she is saying ,,,, I ,only killed him  one time   Its  ..no bjg deal..

Truth be known......when you "LIE" you can't 'REMEMBER"  the story you have told..... Ironic that this whole Trial is full of " I dont know's" and "I can't remember's" and "that part is Foggy"  and "I guess so" and "If you say so"! That's enough to hang the Biaoch! just for being stupid!

What a waste of tax payer money!

Arias prosecutor attacks witness credibility, Arias.I have PTSD from listening to the CREEPY so called Dr. with the creepy Mullet

She remembers every second of that murder. She just doesn't want to tell anyone about it. In other news, 40 people are murdered every day in America so this one case doesn't matter that much.

Hang her!

I think she is a pr--- teaser and I think this old man got turned on by what she told him.He constantly looks at her especially when he is under pressure from JM.  He has so many discrepencies and Jodi is such a liar they truly belong together.   I dont know how any juror can believe what she says.  Can you imagine we found out today that she told the shrink-alias dumbo= "Travis's death ruined my sex life."Oh btw....this idiot gets paid $250 anyone want him as a shrink after today's testimony?Jennifer give it up JM has destroyed your shrink's credibility.  I notice she wasnt smiling as much today.....she is worried that his credit has been destroyed.....duh?

Jodi needs to go to the big house and then she can think about how she killed this man for a long time...death row would be my vote but I'm betting she won't get it.

Oh, she is so guilty.  Let's just hope this jury is smarter than the Casy Anthony jury.

She is using the same tacts. as casey anthony and we all know what happened there.

Please end this trial. I'm tired of seeing it everywhere.

Im watching it right now, that doctor is CREEPY! He wanted to read her note in court and he keeps looking at her.....ewwww! His career is o-v-e-r!

{again insisting the inconsistencies wouldn't alter his diagnosis.}Of course his diagnosis is the same - the paycheck to testify is the same regardless of what lies she tells.If he liked little boys why was he pounding her and another woman so much? She does look scarey when she looks over her shoulder in court. Like she could kill you.

This guy's career as a special witness for the defense is OVER ! He not only gave his 'professional' opinion based on her lies but he admitted to correcting her test results years after the testing was done. His final analysis is subjective, not objective. Sending her cards and buying her a book crossed the line of professionalism and made it personal and therapeutic ( which was not his role). It's called transference / counter-transference. One thing that bothered me was that he stated he did this because she was "depressed and suicidal" but didn't bother to notify jail personnal who would have immediately put her on a suicide watch. That alone tells me he knew she was lying to him.  But I guess for $250/hr, and a book to promote you'll say anything.

Defense trying to rehabilitate the quack. Still based on his corrected answers.

I LOVE  everybody's comments... I truly do!! We think the same; THE BYIATCH NEEDS TO DIE!!!

Shes cooked. When the jury got to ask her questions to soothe their own conscience was all I needed to know. They stopped listening days ago. Now we need to find a way to get Casey Anthony back on trial and in Arizona.

Jodi's face smirk..l. Ohy,l. Wanna smash her head into the wall...what a mug of evil.

Jodi... Travis just wasn't that into you.

This is turning into some sort of a 'SICK REALITY COURT TV SHOW'.These jurors must be exhausted.....They're the ones who are going tohave post DRAMATIC STRESS syndrome. The lying and fabrication isunreal. The judge should put an end to this nonsense ...!How many weeks has this been going on...Speedy trial, NOT!

Burn Beotch burn... lying #$%$....

Good grief, how long is this trial going to go on. Enough is enough!!!!!!!She killed someone and deserve to die no matter what. The liars' defense.

Samuels was paid to evaluate ARIAS mental state,not to treat or coach her,so he got caught in the cookie jar.During her cross examination she kept on repeating almost the same words that Samuels wrote in his report,and you HLN pundits should shut up about Martinez is too aggressive.Excellent job MATINEZ.Jury find her guilty and give her death.

Nut case, lets stop spending money on the loser

God, Jodi looks a so evil right now sitting down... Wearing black... Pure evil.

For her to have POST traumatic stress disorder now, doesn't that imply that she was fine BEFORE the traumatic stress of murdering him, an act she admits to doing every day in court ?Except for being a pathological liar, the only thing wrong with her mentally is her inability to handle his rejection before the murder.

jodi was #$%$ that travis was taking another girl to cancun, so she rented a car, loaded the trunk w gas containers, staged a breakin of her grandpas home to take the 25 caliber gun, drove to arizona and killed travis.  she was obsessed, and scorned

I hope Martinez shows the autospsy pictures in closing arguments so if any male jurors are being drawn in, the pics will bring them back to reality.

if casey anthony was found innocent, i wouldnt be surprised if this nut is put back on the street...i guess all you have to do is lie lie lie and nobody will know #$%$ u did. i still got my fingers crossed that this thing gets put down

The prosecutor Martinez has/is doing a masterful job of exposing Arias as the murderer she is and liar!  Justice for Travis and accountability for his murder.Stella

just burn this sociopath alreadyShe's as nutty as a squirrel turd!

Dear Juan,I think I LOVE you!!!

this is almost as bad as the oj trial... and remember, he finally got what he deserved

Let's talk about a real 1st degree murderer. The real news of today is TJ Lane of Ohio. He told the family of his three victims "F-You" and gave them the finger wearing a shirt with the words "KILLER" written in marker on his T-shirt.

She seems so fake to me. So handy to just remeber certain things.

The death penalty needs to be abolished since most people would rather be dead by being put to sleep than spending life in prison. Give her life in prison not the death penalty.

Martinez is doing nothing that couldn't be done by any decent DA. Really, you can tear holes in any witness and expert witnesses are always attacked for mistakes and their pay. He is a drama queen. He will lose at least one juror and he will lose because he is acting like an attacker.

Jodi Arias is continuing to Manipulate her Psychologist maintaining her Control based on Charm, Persuasion &amp; Repetitive Lies to hide her Crime of Murder Period....    Or he is  protecting her &amp; the official diagnosis.I feel there is an underlying issue we are not privy to.  EX: Jodi was in a manic phase, another identity was present that took control &amp; executed defense w/relation to sexual deviance elation presenting the reckless behaviors in which rage took over in order to inflict serious harm, which another would not behave in that manner.*Maintaining Professionalism &amp; Ethics* are key in a Psychologists Realm. Samuels, has failed to maintain, buying Jodi a coping book designed for depression &amp; another in relation to building self esteem. Had he asked &amp; produced a signed consent form with Jodi's signature to her mother emphasizing he could talk to her in relation to make the purchases for Jodi, would have been the likelier route in maintaining professionalism or applying receipts to the bill.....  Samuels, a Psychologist, has  enough "cause" in relation to too many red flags based on Jodi's lies, to have administered another test. He has failed to properly diagnose Jodi as evidenced by testimony as 1 cannot/shouldn't be both the psychologist &amp; the evaluator at the same time as it creates conflicts of interest. He has acknowledged his errors via testimony.

@ E- In AZ., she has two counts against her- first degree pre-meditated murder and first degree felony murder. Before her trial she had wanted second degree manslaughter, and Martinez basically said, " HELL NO" !!!

dated a woman like this once. It was scary at how easily she lied.@ Christina- I don't like the death penalty myself. Martinez won a death penalty case before. Her name is Wendy Adriano and she killed her husband and claimed self defense. She is in prison in Arizona. Just saying Martinez is very good at what he does. I think she should get life in prison with no chance of parole!!  Slicing Travis' throat from ear to ear really done her in!  I think that was for the call for the death penalty.

Crazy as a fox.  Trying to get away with murder.  She's a bona fide psychopath &amp; trying to fool everyone!

Jodie seems to be a tough woman. It is a shame that she took this path in life that may ultimately ruin her forever.

ProzacMoment must be in the fog.

Poor Jodi!  Killing Travis ruined her sex life!  Didn't do much for Travis' either.

put this broad on a bus in India....and let those 7-11's have their way with her....she deserves nothing but the best!!!

She and many woman like her that keep going back to their abuser are certifiable.

Its funny how people get on me cause I dont agree with them or see something the way they do. I dont get on you about your view like you do me. Everybody is different on how they take a fact or statement. Thats the way it is. I laugh at all you because I think you are afraid she might get out of this. Really when you think about it why do you care. Travis is nobody to you people. Nobody knows what goes on behind closed doors and it takes two to tango. He wasnt so innocent.

Fact is, the only valid question, being that Jodi admits to killing Travis, is to if the murder was premeditated.  Dr. Samuels is a desperate attempt by the defense.  She may very well have PTSD after stabbing Travis 29 times, slitting his throat ear to ear, and shooting him in the head.  If that didn't cause some trauma it would be surprising.  The question always goes back to those gas cans.  I am sorry, folks.  This is premeditated, Murder 1 and the jury will bring back this verdict.  The defense can dance around other issues, but she can't hide from the evidence.

Martinez is in trouble with this case!!! A death penalty case would not have been so hard if he would have went for 1st degree, life sentence!!I wouldn't mind having the keys to her cell.

Heat of passion crime.

i hope they let her go free

The death penalty is for people who kill for money, multiple murderers, killing a police officer, unusually depraved circumstances. There will never be a death penalty in this case. The biggest reason why is because although it is supposed to be pre-planned, it is in fact a rage killing.

Come on! She's cute! I would take her home! Of course I could NEVER go to sleep! Unless, I wanted it to be forever.

if this trial was a motion picture, no one would go to see it because nothing this grotesque and bizarre would be credible or believable.

Shame on Mr. Martinez for going after the death penalty in this case or any other. And to all those who agree are no better then crime Jodi committed. No one deserves the death penalty. You people are sick!