I'm sorry, but at this point I just don't trust what either side is saying anymore.

Good points AJ but crying 'false flag attack' like so many nutjobs do about 9/11 is going a little too far. After all, being exposed would have disastrous effects for the Rebels.

Who else is sick and tired of war and nation building?

Both sides are guilty of atrocities and no matter who we back we are going to be on the wrong side.

The fact that chemical weapons are being discussed at all shows what we are dealing with here, if it wasn't already obvious. Both sides are barbaric, and the innocent people are caught in the middle.

All I know is, the US had BETTER stay out of it.

Well, isn't that interesting. Just a few days ago a well know youtube personality described intel  that suggested that al quada rebel forces in Syria were going to use chemical weapons against civilians and blame Assad's forces for the attack.   Interesting.

This is not  "the good guys fight the bad guys" war.  This is  "the bad guys fight the bad guys"  to see which bad guys are in charge of everything kind if war.  people get screwed no matter what...  We should help no one.

"There have been no previous reports of chemical weapons in the hands of insurgents."  What kind of lying propaganda is this Reuters ?  Syrian rebels/insurgents have had YouTube videos for over a year now showing chemincal weapons.  Remember the one where they killed the rabbits in the box ?

The horse is out of the barn.

Should they send WMD back to Iraq ???As long as the oil keeps flowing let the Muslim world do to each other whatever they wish. The United States needs to keep their nose out of this. Have we not been bitten in the rump by these "people" enough?

Democracy doesnt work in the Middle East. If this civil war ends there will be no central government. It will be areas controlled by the rebels that siezed them. They're not going to listen to some guy 400 miles away tell them what to do. It'll be tribal warfare for the next 500 years just like it basically is now. The only thing that works in the Middle East is a Dictatorship.

This is the work of terrorists who have taken over the rebel side of the fighting. No good will result from this conflict for either side.

Does it ever end ???????????NOPE

Does anyone remember just last week these "rebels" kidnapped a group of U.N. workers? Come on. Think for a second. Who would you believe?

Remember when we were told that Saddam Hussein had moved his chemical weapons to Syria?Everyone called Bush a liar over the WMDs, right?  Never mind that Saddam Hussein had USED WMDs (chemical weapons) against Iranian soldiers and against his own Kurdish population between 1980 and 1984 and in 1988... so he definitely had them.  Never mind the fact that we had VIDEO EVIDENCE OF IRAQI MILITARY CONVOYS CARRYING WMDs INTO SYRIA AHEAD OF THE INVASION while Bush was busy negotiating with the UN over the invasion.But here we are... with active WMDs in Syria.Gee... I wonder how they got there.

Don't trust any of these people...none.

The so called rebels that are fighting there are such a mixed group of people it is hard to tell the ones that are fighting for their country, and those that are using it as a training ground for the terrorist. So when they say the rebels did it you have to stop and think just which group of rebels they are talking about.

Heres an idea - Why dont we spend about a trillion dollars, get rid of the dictator, democratize Syria, and in ten or so years we will be thanked as the liberators. At least 5 or 10 people will be able to get rich off it, and we will reduce that pesky "young folk" population.

Syrian Rebel: brought to you by Al Queda. supported by O thru Libya. Paid for by the Lives of Ambassador Stevens et al.Now that big mouth obama said we would'nt tolerate chemical attacks I guess this is what he was waiting for.STAY OUT OF IT!!!! Dont believe the press they lie.

Made in Iraq..... Warranty void if opened....

I want three things1.  Stay out of it!2.  Stay out of it!3.  Stay out of it!Did I mention that I much prefer we stay the hell out of it?

Yikes, sure hope this is the last of them using chemical weapons. These weapons are far worse on the civilians that have no where to go.

It's too bad Syria has essentially nothing of economic interest.  This would have been resolved a year ago had they had oil reserves or some major metal deposits.

Red Line Shred Line. We have Easter Eggs Rolls and NCAA brackets to take care of.

Of course each side would blame the other.  Expect more of the same now that they know they can do it with impunity.

Keep the US OUT OF THIS!!!

If God helps those that help themselves, what does God do with those that don't help themselves? I think the USA needs to help it self first, rather than running around like a headless chicken, nosing into the affairs of others. How can we afford to help Syria when we don't have the money? The national debt is a gathering storm.

I don't trust either side of this argument.  It would not surprise me for the government to use them and it wouldn't surprise me if the rebels used it just to blame the government to get global sympathy.  Either way, it is sad and the US had better stay out of it.Well, well, well.... someone is too cowardly to admit they did it.  I suspect it is the rebels.  Assad wouldn't want to give the UN/U.S. a reason to move in to help the rebels.  The rebels now are more terrorist linked people, and given that mindset will be more likely to do something of that nature, which is allowed when doing it for "Allah" and expecting blessings as a result of their violence.

How's that idea of overthrowing Assad looking now?

It was a mistake to arm the rebels, both sides are escalating the conflict and the country is  now in a big mess.

We know Assad has chemical weapons.  We have no knowledge of the rebels obtaining chemical weapons.  It would be logical to believe we are not hearing the truth from Assad.

The government of Syria is getting very desperate. They are losing the war with the rebels and will use any and all of their weapons. This includes chemical weapons. Assad could care less how many people he kills. The death toll of innocent civilians in Syria has already reached 70,000 with no sign of slowing. History will describe Assad as a mass murderer. His days in power are numbered.

I doubt we will ever know the truth about this one. But if the Rebels have managed to get their hands on Chemical weapons, that will mean al quada has them as well, not good for anyone.

Its beginning.............the beginning of the end.

Obama, who has resisted overt military intervention in Syria's two-year-old civil war, has warned Assad that any use of chemical weapons would be a "red line"..Look for obie to move the "red line" farther back…

"U.S. President Barack Obama, who has resisted overt military intervention in Syria's two-year-old civil war, has warned Assad that any use of chemical weapons would be a "red line."THIS IS NONE OF OUR BUSINESS! Let the Arab world solve their own problems!

We knew it was a matter of time before the FSA or Assadists started gassing the other side.iran has been assisting again in syria. the theory to get the us drawn into As many conflicts As possible. spread us capabilities thin. damage our resources to hurt our economy. leaving us vulnerable. this was also Osama s plan from ten year's ago.

It is amazing how easily we humans can kill each other.  I was hit with Chlorine before, and it is the worst feeling - there is NO way I would have remained conscious if it wasn't for training that allowed me to put my respirator on within seconds and breath through my mouth.  Really don't know how any human could intentionally expose women and children to Chlorine gas.

Now we will see if Obama still has that red line on Syria.

Please, let us stay out of this one!

Hmmm.... Who else remembers the intel that indicated that WMD chemical weapons matrial had been smuggled out of Iraq during the gulf war and into Syria?

How long will the carnage go on?

This is bad ship/ those weapons have a horror factor they can do some serious damage.

WMD's do not exist.....So this didn't happen.

No help from the USA, these people, live to die!!!

Hussein killed and injured thousands of Iraqi Kurds with chemical WMDs.  Would be interesting to see the shipping history on the WMDs now reported in Syria.Wonder how much more money our Congress and WH will send to this monsters!

Obama is preparing a letter and strongly worded statement. Asad is worried the US President may be upset.

So both sides blame each other - is there a third party with something to gain here if chemical weapons are used?

WOLF!!!

No "definitive" proof that "chemical weapons" were used but it stands to reason that if things are getting bad, for either side, there's no doubt they'll be used. And then it's just as feasible that they'll blame the other when it happens to justify using the chemicals themselves. It's hard to believe in a conflict such as this who's telling the truth. All the more reason for us to just butt out, leave them alone to destroy each other and stop involving ourselves in these basackwards nation's sectarian and religious conflicts. And why should we care.......we have our own problems.

Let all those dogs die.

The syrian rebels have been trying to blame assad for chemical weapons for the last year and in fact sent a twiiter to Mr Obamas twitter trying to confirm the plan

phosgene perhaps ? certainly not a nerve agent . sadly  chemical attacks affect children and the  elderly disproportionately .

Which of the following recent headlines seems oddly out of place?  (a) Obama Orders B-52 Missions over Korea; (b) Iranians Within One Year of Having Bomb, Obama Says; (c) Obama Warns "Red Line" If Assad Uses WMD; (d) PRESIDENT SAYS "DECADE OF WAR COMING TO AN END"

with al-ceada involved in this fight , you don`t know if they didn`t use one of saddoms weapons just to draw the U.S. into this fight. with all the satellites up there somebody could prove a missle attack by syrians.Muslims killing other musllims all around the world.  The USA needs to stay out of it.  Neither side likes Americans.  They will not appreciate the help, so leave them alone.  I think this is a false flag attack to gain support.  How many times does the government lie to us before we realize it?

Islam is to blame for all strife in the middle east.  No islam, no war, no fighting, no animosity.  Islam = evil.

Perfect, just Fn perfect,here we go folks more invetigaions, more nation building

Who are the good guys in this war? Are there any?

"U.S. President Barack Obama, who has resisted overt military intervention in Syria...". When it's worded like this it means that "covert military" is being used. More nation rebuilding tactics. If this administration spent as much time building our own nation as they spend trying to destroy and rebuild other nations, we'd be in good shape.

More reasons why I think this war has no good guys in it.

War and rumors of War!! Matthew 24:6

At this point...I dont care...srry

So the rebels don't have scuds, don't have chemical weapons, and don't follow up with air strikes, but hey did it. Hmmmmm...

Thus it escalates...Thus it escalates...

Syria dose not want to loose. because it is fighting Islamic aggression.

Let me get this straight 16 government troops where killed. The question is do we kill the people who killed the troops or do we kill the troops for being killed????Stay out of this mess.

Anything and everything will be done to drag outside forces into the fray. I dont care for Assad but the rebels are just as untrustworthy. The US should not commit, period. If they do, history could potentially write this as the opening to WWIII.

Executive order from the president.  No crude oil laden ships shall leave any US port.  All crude from the USA, stays in the USA.  We do not need Middle East oil.  Let these folks kill each other.

Maybe King Soetoro can stop by with Krispy Kreams, bow to them and it will be all good.

Now it starts.

Either the Syrian government has crossed Barack Obama's "red line for U.S. military intervention," or the al Qaeda-affiliated Syrian rebels have obtained and used WMD.  We have troops and missiles in theater, and things are ready to go down.

Obama shouldn't create "Red Lines" unless he somehow has a surefire plan to deal with them. It makes us look so toothless to the rest of the world when we deliver an ultimatim and then back away from it!

now who would want to do this type of thing to this fun loving country called syria ... you play with fire you will get burntThe stakes just got higher.

More Hope &amp; Change.........Obama is playing golf while the world burns.....

BIDEN SAID,,JUST GET A SHOTGUN ALL IS WELL

let them killing eachothers save our taxpayers!

Yes I know I'm crazy but I trust the Syrian govt more than these radical rebel groups in Syria

This is a set up.

Uh oh! Someone crossed Obama's "red line". Better prepare for a stern look and a harshly worded protest from Obama!

Islam needs destroyed before it destroys the world

we are now going to find out where all of the WMDs that Iraq moved before the war went

Assad is now desperate and resorting to chemical weapons...  BIG mistake...I think that the rebels are trying to pull the U.S. into this fight..by claiming chemical weapons attack..knowing the U.S. will come running to their rescue..I think we just need to leave it alone and worry about our citizens..we have enough going on here in the U.S.

Looking at the pictures of the physical damage, it seems consistent with a Scud,but either way, either the government fired a chemical weapon or the government lost one or more.

I'm sorry, and you can call me selfish, but I'm a little more concerned with America and her current plite.  I wish our President and Congress felt the same.  Hell...I wish our citizens felt the same.  Maybe then we'd stand up and demand change.

The only intervention the USA should have if any is too level the country and move on. I'm tired of our young soldiers fighting for countries that do not want help and are too barbaric to want change.

If it was a scud, surely that showed up on someone's radar screen.....

Since the weapons are available and the war is stalemated, it was only a matter of time before they were used.  Now that they have been used once and with little downside to the user, they will be used again in greater numbers.

aren't these obamas best friends

is this the pretext for US involvement? God I sure hope not. Not my civil war.

Rebels ????? Please anybody tell me who are these rebels ?????

If you smell fresh cut grass in the desert it will be the last thing you every smell .......let them kill themselves, they have been for thousands of years and will for thousand more.

The WMD play. Where have we heard this before?Their business - let them sort it!

OK for England and France to arm the rebels, we all know they are NOT terrorists right?

War bonds anyone,so obama can continue with his world domination!

And Israel was criticized for trying to destroy the chemical weapon stash. They certainly knew it would come to this.

They just crossed the line Obama! What are you going to do about it?

I think if Syrian forces fell to the attack that you can assume it was the rebels. But there are two types of rebels, there are the Syrians fighting for a free country, then there are the religious zealots who travel from afar to murder people. If they have chemical weapons then the world isn't safe.

The Assads will never relent.  They'll have to be killed.

Are these some of the non-existent WMD's that Saddaam shipped to Iraq shortly before we arrived in Bagdad? Surely, not!

That photo looks like a set up.That photo looks like a set up.

Sorry Syria , it is time to take all on both sides out, Now that chemical rockets are being used the rest of the world can not take a chance.

When can we expect these weapons to be brought up from Mexico?

And so it begins ... next stop, Israel.

When is enough bloodshed in Syria going to be enough for the UN? do they need another 100,000 people to die?

let them slaughter each other as the always do and step back and deal with what ever is left, one way or the other !

It's inevitable that chemical and biological weapons will fall into the hands of Islamist rebels or will be used by Assad's forces as they exit the capital.  Saddam would have done the same thing if he hadn't moved his WMDs to Syria before the 2003 invasion.

Technically all bombs are chemical bombs.

That's where the WMD's went before the Iraq war, no doubt about it. Yet the libs still claim there were no WMD's

Our govt does not want to have to admit these weapons came from Iraq, one more lie they will sweep under the rugOur govt does not want to have to admit these weapons came from Iraq, one more lie they will sweep under the rug

the end justifies the means. Both sides are equal on that thought so let the bloodbath continue until one stands victor. STAY OUT OF IT. The oil will still be there.

The West has been talking up chemical weapons from the start and I have no doubt in my mind that they supplied the chemical weapons to the Al-Qaeda insurgents we are financing in Syria !!!!!!!!!! These are WAR CRIMES that Obama will have to stand for, just like the War Crimes in Libya. Watch "Fall of the Republic" on youtube

If true it would be easy to verify given investigators were provided access.

And I wonder where these chemical weapons came from. Might they have been the same weapons that were shipped out of Iraq before our invasion as was said back in 2003?

Didn't the 0bama administration adamently state that even the movement, much less the use, of chemical weapons would not be tolerated? He won't do squat and again the U.S. will be a laughing stock. Is it any wonder North Korea and Iran ignore us? Paper Tiger is what we are.

Maybe if we only limit everyone to seven bullets in their guns this will all be over?

send joe biden to sryia he,ll fix the problem lmao

Doesn't that mean they just crossed Obama's "red line"?

Either way, I'm sure we supplied it.ASSAD must be winning,, good news on this kill all the alqeada and their supporters

I know that the Syrians have thickened Soman/Sarin and Mustard and this doesn't sound like any of those.  What concerns me is the description of "powder", a bit like Yellow Rain.This concerns me a bit. It concerns me massively. The Soviets used it in Afghanistan and it was very nasty, although is seems like this wasn't a full scale attack. I'm wondering if a national actor is using Syria as a test bed for chemical weapons.I hope we have samples.

So far the terrorists/rebels have bombed a market. Taken UN peacekeeps hostage, and used human shields. The use of chemical weapons would be just like them. You can't be just a little bit evil.

OK, they crossed that line Mr.President...Now what?

No reason for the US to get involved in this mess.  No more limited war.  It is time to get out of the war business and only use our service members in the true defense of this country.  If other countries are so inclined let them send their young to die.

If they had a nuclear weapon they would use it,too. Either side.

The Rebels "DO Have Chemical Weapons"  the UN reported just last month, that a group of Armed Syrian Rebels, had Broken into a Government Bunker in North Syria, and carried away 40 to 50 Chemical warheads.......

Assad is firing chemical rockets at himself - isn't it obvious for terrorists and EU-US idiots supporting them?!

and we are sending the rebels millions of dollars. know we are talking about sending them weapons. Washington ever hear of the sequester?

Someone needs to win this mess. Meaning one of the two sides involved and I have no preference for who wins. A dictatorial family, or a rabble of religious fascists. Take your pick. Someone win though as you are killing lots of your own countrymen. That would bother you I would think.How much would you like to bet Assad used WMD on his own troops as a desperate attempt to win the war?

Syria, Iran, North Korea, South Korea, Japan, China, Afghanistan, Iraq, Israel, Lebanon, Egypt, Libya, Greece, The Soviet Union, The United States of America, South America, Africa. There is not one geographical region on earth that is not mired in some conflict within itself, or with another country. You would have to have your head in the sand to not see the inevitability of an impending global war intitiated by some lunatic dictator, that draws everyone else into a global conflict. China has lost influence over North Korea, Soviet Union has lost influence over of Iran, United States has lost influence over Israel....this is not good!!!

Are these the same rebels who abducted the UN peace workers? You see this is the issue.. We really don't know who these rebels are now do we? I know a guy who is in the Syrian army.. He used to own a comic book shop before all this began. Of course there you really don't have a choice regarding joining the army. When we chat online.. yes they still have internet, he tells me that most of what we see in the news he is far removed from. Even in Syria they don't know whether or not chemical attacks are happening. What he does know is that the people are tired of fighting and that the majority of the " rebels " aren't even from the area.

I would be highly unsurprised if the chemical Scud had Iraqi markings.

There will never be peace in the middle east.  We need to work together on making America strong again.  We have lots of work to do in our own nation right now.  We have been torn apart the past 4 years, and we need to mend our wounds.

WMD's! WMD'S!  We must invade

Their new Texas IT trained President can fix it.

Propaganda wars ...anything to make you feel not mad that we are spending out tax money for this

Now that we know they are using deadly nerve gas, etc. We must have obama send kerry, hagle, perhaps the entire cabinet there asap.  of course obama can't go --- the mofa bees no fool.

Let them kill themselves. The U.S. needs to stay out of this, it is a no win situation.OK one or both sides "crossed the line" someone going to do something about it?

Sorry, meant ultimatum

Obama may need another game of golf to think this one over.

Bottom line. Both sides are nuts.Regarless of who wins, this country will be suffering for a very long time.

There's the Red Line that you asked for. Are we still going to ignore syria? Or can we let the French go in and mop it all up?

man ,by the time any one of them declare victory,there is no one soul left in Syria.

Let them kill each other. The worlds a better place without them!!!!

Assad is killing more Al Qaida than we do. Clapclapclapclapclap....

Seems like MAYBE the chemical weapons that supposedly WEREN'T run into Syria from Iraq were....SURPRISE!

Muslim paradise..aka carnage,,the reason they want to go,,they can murder and rape little boys and girls and it never ends,,,wipe out islam from the planetWill we ever know what really happened?  Assad's regime is hard-pressed enough to do something stupid and desperate like that, but I believe that some of the rebel forces wouldn't hesitate to use chemical weapons in order to further their agenda.  No one is going to admit that they used a weapon of mass destruction on a civilian populace, that's for sure.

didn't the bible say that Armageddon is supposed to happen near modern day Damascus. i mean iono if that's true, i frankly don't believe it but still...

Uh, Obama, wheres the red line now?

I seem to remember someone in the Bush Administration saying the chemical weapons posessed by Saddam Hussein had made their way to Syria. Looks like they may have been correct!

Outside agency trying to escalate the problem. You know the western nations are licking their chops to get in there and do to Asad what they did to Q-daffy.

False Flag,False Flag , the Ottoman Turks have been given the Salafists rebels chemicals to make bombs ; even a 10 year old could make one chimical bomb .

All in the name of power and money.  No matter which side did this, it is horrific.

doesn't surprise me that Assad's regime,with their back up against the wall, would use any of their stockpiled WMD at this point of the civil war.

Next false flag.  Good work Mossad/CIA.  Now we can officially go in for "humanitarian" reasons.  Syria has upset the timeline with their resistance and moved back the start date for the war with Iran.  This is the signal for the "rebels" in Iran to begin their peaceful demonstrations in which some will be killed by "the army."  So predictable.  The rubes are ready to be fooled again.

When there done killing each other I sure as he!! hope the USA don't give them money to rebuild. They will just blow it up again and again, again,again.If a wind drift send the chemicals to Israeli air.  ISRAEL WILL HANDLE ITS BUSINESS

hmms sounds liek assads forces snuck around and used chemical weapon in rebel held area so they can accuse them. and then airstriked the area to hide evidence. but only reports said assad is only one tha thas chemical weapons. this means if used assads forces is only one that has them. and the claim they would use them peroid shows no restraint and desperation. and any one here REALLY believe assads group would onlyse "use them on foren invasion?" only and not own people. if they willing to use them on foren entity then it shows they are willing to use them there for what keeps them from useing them on the people. which seems to have happend.

This is like a young boy with a new pack of firecrackers. He doesn't have a clue about safety.

Saddam and the Iranians used it all the time. Another reason to never let them get the bomb, they WILL use it if given a chance.

Yes, I'm sure the rebels had stockpiles of chemical weapons. It couldn't possibly be the regime that used them.

To our goverment, DO NOT SEND TROOPS to fight their war. It's a trick to get us involved further. We had our civil war let them have theirs.

Let's see. it was okay for Sadam to murder tens of thousands with chemical weapons of mass destruction, but terrible for Syrians to murder twenty or thirty with chemical warfare. Hypocrites in Washington trying to promote anarchy around our world.Drones murdering Americans versus providing Americans with the destruction of our Constitution. Sad days now with our government putting in 64 drone bases to contain and neutralize Americans. They are not to prevent a Soviet or Chinese invasion, and our administration promotes an open border policy.

The first causality of war is the truth.

Been waiting for this news.  It was reported awhile back that the rebels had gotten scud missiles and chemical warheads in Turkey.  They will blame this on the Syrian govt in hopes that the international community will condemn the attack, but they did it to themselves.  I hope it backfires.  We do not need another Muslim Brotherhood govt in Syria.  At least with Asaad, we know what we have.

There's been a lot of talk about WMD.   Most people don't have a clue what that means.  This article implies a real capability to deploy WMD.    No one will ever find evidence.   Get it?There's been a lot of talk about WMD.   Most people don't have a clue what that means.  This article implies a real capability to deploy WMD.    No one will ever find evidence.   Get it?

yea yea next they both accuse each other for releasing Godzilla.

It was a matter of time before either side played the Chemical Weapons Card.  Whether or not either side actually did use chemicals, it's just a ploy to draw in the Western Powers into the conflict.  This is going to get far worse before it get's an ounce better.

This is where SADam Huessains weapons went right before the US Invasion! there were reports of night convoys crossing the Syrian&amp;Turkish borders,most likely carring weapons of Mass Destruction no Doubt!

This is the Syria obama created with his nobel peace prize.

Did the rocket have Iraqi markings on it..........bet it did.

watch the rebels claim Assad did it. Assad controls the air, if he wanted to use chemical weapons on the rebels in their territories, it would take little effort.

So if we go in and don't find any chemical/biological weapons... is it still Bush's fault?

If you see a chemical weapon coming down the street, "just get on your balcony with a shotgun and start shooting." Joe Biden.

Sure they did.What will Obungler do now?

"against foreign aggression, not against Syrians" They routinely call rebels "terrorists from foreign countries" so are they admitting they are using chemical weapons? Assad has routinely shelled area's and claimed the rebels where the one's doing the shelling. Now Assad is saying this all the West's fault as we are arming them with weapon's. If they do have chemical weapon's, Assad supplied them.No matter what happen's or who does what the US, UN and the "West" will be blaimed for it. The Middle East has been blaming us for 50 year's while their leader's are getting filthy rich. That's not us, that's your dictatorial and fanatical religous leadership. Take a long look in the mirror.

Finally Iraq's WMD are showing up.

Does this mean the world’s super cop can sent Americans in to help his buddies?

uh, oh...Either they've lost control of the chems, or they are setting the groundwork for using same on the rebels...In any case, Russia with a base int the country and friendly to Assad should have balled up and taken custody of the chems....Another chance for Russia to acutally do something productive, for the good of mankind and another miserable failure.  What neandertals.

False flag operation by the Odumba administration to "justify" sending weapons and aid to the Al Queda "rebels" and possibly even a no fly zone. Odumba wants Al Queda and radical Islam in charge of Syria one way or the other, even if he has to murder thousands of innocent people to do it.

Where's America on this?  Ooopss, we have no real leader than can handle this.  Amazing we vote a President that would rather play golf with Tiger Woods.  That says it all.

the rebles (thugs) wants the US to inyterfere.

These are ruthless killers Britain, France, and the rest of the NATO thugs wants to arm.

Don't tell me need to move the "Redline" again!!Chemical weapons being used in Syria, just as the President goes to Israel and when Great Britain and France have showed a willingness to arm the rebels with Washington approval.....who would have guessed?

Most of the Arab people are so angry all the time...they are always killing each other. U.S.A. stay out of this..why we don't see China helping or Saudi Arabia?

It is amazing the tactics the Syrian Islamic Terrorist will use to get the Western countries to give them arms.

Muslims continue to kill muslims.  And we should stop this because...?

The entire ME is getting out of hand! If we do nothing - we risk witnessing hundreds of thousands dead or more and eventually find ourselves in the middle of it anyway to fight with our allies or do we use our aircraft and special forces like in Libya and give the region another chance? World Wars start in regions like this where just a little match could ignite a war in which millions perish with capitols and nations totally destroyed. Syria, Iran, Egypt, Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, Libya, Lebanon...-are all falling apart! Closing our eyes like at the start of WW-2 because we are sick of war (WW1) and counting pennies in the Great Depression didn't stop adversaries from fulfilling their agendas.

I am only gonna say this once- Yellow Cake- beware of news stories that were predicted by politicians.  In 3 years will it be republicans claiming Obama lied troops died?

He said she said, nobody knows til its investigated and then we will be lied to. The US goverment wants to go in and help the rebels and they are looking for a reason. We are probably already in country with special forces and arms without being told. Screw them, get any people out and stay out. Let China and USSR know if they go in we will come in at full force no less.

Where is Rodman when you need him?

So, now we who claim to have the technology and ability to spot a gnat riding on an ant's back from space can't determine the guilty party?  Maybe another 80 rounds of golf is in order!

obama aint gonna do a thing all talk and no action everything that comes outta his mouth is a lie!Just when we thought things were getting boring in this rebellion. These guys sure know how to make a war interesting again!

As long as it doesn't involve our allies in the region let them kill themselves off.

Both sides are probably using them. Neither can be trusted to be honest about it either.

Time to move that red line further out huh Obama?

this is the beginning of the end

Are the only countries that have used chemical weapons since they were outlawed by ALL nations after WWI the Muslim nations?

Count your lucky stars that you were not born in these areas of fighting.  No American lives should be risked to solve Syrian problems.   Maybe Russia should take the lead in helping solve the problems and end the dying?

Here's an  IDEA .......LET THEM Fight it out.......it's Their CIVIL WAR...........NOT OURS.........We Had Ours

Until the UN gets their #$%$ up and get serious at getting involved in these attrocities being conducted on civilians by their own government, this will escalate into an intolerable situation for every neighbor country. Ther are too many outsiders hands feeding these rebels who will use any means to fight the government and many of these chemical weapons coudl be introduce in the battle.

Only 16 killed? That's a slow weekend on the west side of Chicago.oh jesus ,,,now these dirty moooslems are using chemicals,,,,,, alla is dung

I hope they both win.

useless country of no value to the world... must be since even the arab league as usual does nothing ... this is an arab only issue...not american..russian or european.

Those nasty chemicals are somehow blocked by a simple cotton mask? And vitrually no other protection?

UN to step in and tell them to stop....

good work what ever side did it and tomorrow i will have the same comment for the other sideGET IT?they do a mush better job and no USA on the ground or in the air to BLAME!!!!!!!!

Many suspected that Syria was where Saddam's WMDs went before the US invasion.  This is almost certainly going to lead to outside forces going in, including, unfortunately, US troops.

That sounds like Obamas red line has been crossed.  What now?  If we do nothing we lose the little credibility we have left.  Thanks obama for sounding strong and always ending up looking like the weakest President ever.

The media showed videos of trucks carrying chemical weapons out of Iraq before the war into Syria.  These are the weapons of mass destruction liberals claim never existed.

okay then tell us what was this so-called chemical agent was that they claim was used ? because if it was nerve agent or mustard they be alot of death from it . not just a fewokay then tell us what was this so-called chemical agent was that they claim was used ? because if it was nerve agent or mustard they be alot of death from it . not just a few

who cares? the usual lip service from 0bama/Kerry..do nothing...next story........

the government forces should start using napalm against the terrorist rebels that have started using chemical weapons against them, that will help teach the terrorist humanity

A Taco Bell, Beef and Bean Burrito makes one heck of a (Chemical) weapon………………I know they give me lots of gas.............................

Maybe they will use them against each other and wipe themselves out. We can only hope.

So how's the Obama Arab Spring working out for everybody?...oh the liberal media doesn't want to blame the idol they worship.

And Israel was criticized for trying to destroy the chemical weapon stash. They certainly knew it would come to this.

So what, let them kill each other. Thai is not our problem.

Wonder if that is what the rebels bought with the 80 million Kerry just gave them...

Oblama the Clown said the red line would be the use of chemicals on the populace.  Let's see what the liberal democrap Emperor does now.Oblama the Clown said the red line would be the use of chemicals on the populace.  Let's see what the liberal democrap Emperor does now.

I am not going for it! they are just trying to trick  the U.S.to get involved. They know that we will do something if Assad uses chemical weapons. I believe  the Syrian people hate the U.S. more than any other mid-east country,and now they want us to shed america blood for them? I don't think so. We have already lost more than 3000 american by defending corrupt goverments,and a people that are ungrateful.

Obama has not been able to act in this instance of involving us in another counrties politics.  The fact so many Americans put pressure for us to stay out had something to do with it for sure.  I hate to sound like a conspiracy nut, but that was my first thought when a missile was involved and so many questions go unanswered.  I'll not go into detail with my thoughts because we have commenters not intelligent enough to decipher words and scream where is my proof.  Thats the point lack-of-brains.

wow this is terrib.........OH MY GAWD! HONEY BOO BOO'S MOM HAD A MAKEOVER BUT SHE STILL LOOKS LIKE A FAT UGLY PIG......and that chemical thingy is sorta bad I guess.

propaganda haha

Didn't Øbama have a firm line drawn on the use of chemical weapons?What will the community organizer do now? Beer summit time?Lemme guess...the line has moved, aka an "evolving stance"

Why would Assad suddenly start using chemical weapons if he's had them all this time? The rebels/terrorists would use anything they could get there hands on at this point including chemical and nuclear weapons. Assad has at least shown some signs of restraint. The rebels/terrorists, including foreign mercenaries don't care one bit about harming unarmed citizens. They blatantly use them as human shields every chance they get. If you aren't pro-rebellion then you've just signed your own death sentence as far as they're concerned. Do some research. It's all out there plain as day. If the entire country was truly against Assad being in power then he would have been finished a long time ago. They're obviously not. Instead what you have are these militant Islamic terrorist groups and foreign mercenaries pillaging and raping this country in order to further their own radical agenda.

Of course Assad has a chemical arsenal.  They are the weapons that Saddam Hussein hid in Syria.

Must have been a small bomb, try again....PLEASE, so you can stop being a thorn in the worlds #$%$

The problem people are failing to address is that Assad has shown he is willing to do anything short of suicide to keep himself in power. The question I have to ask is what would he accomplish by using Chemical Weapons? Israel has said this is a line that if crossed would make them have little choice but to go after chemical and biological stockpiles to keep their own citizens safe because of the possibilities of cross boarder contamination. One could ask if Israel did do this to help give them a reason to go after Syria chemical and biological stockpiles, but I really have a hard time logically giving them credit for this because if they were ever caught being involved with this, the fallout would be far worse then any reward would be. They would inflame every Muslim country into a outrage (of course you hardly heard a word when they used these weapons on their own people), but for Israel to do this would unite the whole Muslim world against them much worse then what they are now. I can see no logical reason that Israel would chance sacrificing everything with Syria weakened and a possible War with Iran coming up, to chance uniting the factions in Syria against them.Nor do I think Assad did this. The European powers along with the US have stated again and again that the one thing that would get them to put boots on the ground and become militarily involved would be for Assad to use his WMD's against his own people. Assad has too much to lose, and with Russia and Iran arming him to the teeth, terrorist coming over from Hezbollah to fight for him, to use these weapons would widen the conflict and most likely would spell the end of his rule and most likely would set off a wider conflict in the area.So who could have set these weapons off (if indeed they have been used), could it have been the rebels? By pushing this through they know that this will most likely set off the European governments along with the US to become more actively involved, and in the end would help them get the arms they so desperately need. While we in the US have heard the call for sending in our boys and for expanding our help in this conflict, I think Obama has been walking a tight rope because the last time they sat back and let a Arab uprising succeed was in Libya and Egypt. What did we get out of it, the burning and murder in our embassy of our ambassador. One only needs to look at the Muslim Brotherhood to see the problems we have had from Egypt. So if America was involved it would be to create a event that would not only allow us to go into Syria, but would also allow us to widen the conflict and go after Iran. Then you have the European nations, some of them have been pushing to provide arms to the rebels. France has been the most vocal of all, and I do not see them having a problem with helping set off this weaponized chemicals. But there could be a drawback of setting off their Muslims within country (unless this is the goal to have a excuse to deport all of them).I do not know who used Chemicals but I think it is either the Rebels, the CIA or the European Union security forces.The problem people are failing to address is that Assad has shown he is willing to do anything short of suicide to keep himself in power. The question I have to ask is what would he accomplish by using Chemical Weapons? Israel has said this is a line that if crossed would make them have little choice but to go after chemical and biological stockpiles to keep their own citizens safe because of the possibilities of cross boarder contamination. One could ask if Israel did do this to help give them a reason to go after Syria chemical and biological stockpiles, but I really have a hard time logically giving them credit for this because if they were ever caught being involved with this, the fallout would be far worse then any reward would be. They would inflame every Muslim country into a outrage (of course you hardly heard a word when they used these weapons on their own people), but for Israel to do this would unite the whole Muslim world against them much worse then what they are now. I can see no logical reason that Israel would chance sacrificing everything with Syria weakened and a possible War with Iran coming up, to chance uniting the factions in Syria against them.Nor do I think Assad did this. The European powers along with the US have stated again and again that the one thing that would get them to put boots on the ground and become militarily involved would be for Assad to use his WMD's against his own people. Assad has too much to lose, and with Russia and Iran arming him to the teeth, terrorist coming over from Hezbollah to fight for him, to use these weapons would widen the conflict and most likely would spell the end of his rule and most likely would set off a wider conflict in the area.So who could have set these weapons off (if indeed they have been used), could it have been the rebels? By pushing this through they know that this will most likely set off the European governments along with the US to become more actively involved, and in the end would help them get the arms they so desperately need. While we in the US have heard the call for sending in our boys and for expanding our help in this conflict, I think Obama has been walking a tight rope because the last time they sat back and let a Arab uprising succeed was in Libya and Egypt. What did we get out of it, the burning and murder in our embassy of our ambassador. One only needs to look at the Muslim Brotherhood to see the problems we have had from Egypt. So if America was involved it would be to create a event that would not only allow us to go into Syria, but would also allow us to widen the conflict and go after Iran. Then you have the European nations, some of them have been pushing to provide arms to the rebels. France has been the most vocal of all, and I do not see them having a problem with helping set off this weaponized chemicals. But there could be a drawback of setting off their Muslims within country (unless this is the goal to have a excuse to deport all of them).I do not know who used Chemicals but I think it is either the Rebels, the CIA or the European Union security forces.

If you wish to get to the bottom of this, then I would go so far as to say start with the Arab spring uprisings and find what governments were behind it.  I dare say the Obama administration along with many other countries leaders are behind it and not just the Taliban and alqueda as we are lead to believe.  Get ready folks the One World Government in here, Just has not solidified as yet!

Pandora's box has been opened.  And I don't mean that cool music server.

Well Obama is on the ground in the Region we can all be sure there will be no US Hostilities until he returns home. And Can send someone Else's kids to die.

Sorry Mother Russia, but it is time for the civilized world to step in and put this to a stop!

I just hope US is not going to borrow from China and get involve in this stupid conflict of theirs again...  because sequester is suffocating us also affecting more than 200 million people.

As my mom would say; let them work it out.

Where did this stuff come from?  It has never been mentioned that Syria has the capability to make chemical weapons.

Once the chem weapons are used, it's hard to put that genie back in the bottle. I expect both sides will be at it soon enough. We need to stay away.Whomever "wins" this war might just win scorched earth with no populace to speak of.

Here's The ONLY SUPPORT The USA Should Give........."O"......ZERO............NOTHING........Let EUROPE Send Troops and Fight This WAR..........AMERICA..........STAY OUT OF THIS HELLLLL HOLEHere's The ONLY SUPPORT The USA Should Give........."O"......ZERO............NOTHING........Let EUROPE Send Troops and Fight This WAR..........AMERICA..........STAY OUT OF THIS HELLLLL HOLE

Seems this was done by an involvement of a third party .

Are these people insane, on both sides ?  I'm sick thinking about what inhuman things people could do to each other. I always was afraid it would come down to this sooner or later

The U.S. is already involved . I've met on two different occasions two different service men who said they were being deployed to Syria .I'm in the tourist industry in Southern California so i talk to tens even hundreds of people every month with different lifestyles &amp; occupations .

FALSE FLAG ATTACKS ... Without doubt FSA is behind this .. US sent CHEMICAL WEAPONS from Libya to Syria .. Thats why the US AMbassador was killed afterwards, Hitlery Clinton was behind his death .. Get him to send the weapons, then silence him afterwards. FSA/REBELS = Al Caida !!!!!!!

Well, now we know where Saddam hid his weapons of mass destruction!!

I would guess France. Weren't they just saying they needed to arm the terrorists with more powerful weapons.

We will be hearing more of this as the rebels get closer to their goal. It sounds like Assad has given the go ahead on this one. It might be a test balloon to see what the response will be from the outside world. Use it and blame it on the other side. Nice tactics.

after they destroy their country . the usa will send billions to rebuild them .  u see

Oh, boy.  I wouldn't be too surprised if we start bombing Assad if this is actually true.We are doomed as a society.

hum this happened just in time for the Obutthead visit to the isreal

either side is capable of using these weapons.

This IS a game changer!

If Syria is doing it I'm not sure why they waited this long.  I would have launched them 2 years ago.

Well, who got hit the most, the rebels or the government troops? I think the answer to that will determine who launched the attack. Either way, they missed and killed innocent people like they always do.You would think that after being humans and living together for thousands of years the violence would subside, but... nope.

Blame al queida, muslime brother hood and cia?

Now they will use this an an excuse to invade the country and make a mess like Iraq.

This is why we NEED dictators in the world. I mean as much as people dogged on Hugo Chavez at least he brought stability and unification to an area where there isn't stability to begin with. Much like Saddam did. Places like these need strong leaders who will lay the law down.

now obama apologizes to someone.Remember before the start of the Iraq war we gave Saddam years of warning that an attack was imminent? Then we had surveillance of convoys going over the Syrian border from Iraq during that pre-attack time period. It was speculated they were transferring Chemical Weapons to Syria. Remember how Saddam buried military fighter jets in the desert? Just sayin'

But all of the Liberals in the Democrat Party and Media said there were not weapons of mass destruction.  Obviously someone bought into the party line.

Didn't Obama say that they better not use that stuff?  Well..... the ball is in your court Obodumboliar

I know that the Syrians have thickened Soman/Sarin and Mustard and this doesn't sound like any of those.  What concerns me is the description of "powder", a bit like Yellow Rain.This concerns me a bit. It concerns me massively. The Soviets used it in Afghanistan and it was very nasty, although is seems like this wasn't a full scale attack. I'm wondering if a national actor is using Syria as a test bed for chemical weapons.I hope we have samples.

I remember this being called a "game changer" for US. Assad may have a drone visitor.

The rebels can't be using chemical weapons. They are being supported by the US and we wouldn't condone that ----would we?

Now thats what I call good clean fun..

Wasn't this a "red line" that Obama said that he would go after Syria if they crossed it? Well, looks like this would be the SECOND time that it was crossed. Will the terrorist in chief invade Syria or not? Looks like he's REALLY showing Iran that he means business if he doesn't back his words. Nuclear Iran would be a "red line" and yet Iran is still going full steam ahead with their nuclear intentions. How's all those sanctions working out, Obama? Seems to really have hurt Iran, right? How can they be hurt when Russia is funneling weapons and money to them. Is there a "red line" with North Korea? Does it matter? Not at this rate because the turd doesn't back up his "threats."

Obama said this was the game changer...Lets see if he is man enough to keep his word

It's time for the usa to stay out of other countries problems- The world is going nuts and we have our own problems- Bring the troops home- cut off all foreign country aid $$$- Fix our country then maybee help other countries in need WHEN OUR COUNTRY IS FIXED.. This isn't rocket science..Our government just don't get it- we need help first.It's time for the usa to stay out of other countries problems- The world is going nuts and we have our own problems- Bring the troops home- cut off all foreign country aid $$$- Fix our country then maybee help other countries in need WHEN OUR COUNTRY IS FIXED.. This isn't rocket science..Our government just don't get it- we need help first.

seems they are looking for an excuse to use their chemical weapons. hang with iran long enough and lying comes easy.

The first casualty of war is the truth. We have no way of knowing unless we have a front row seat. I don't believe chem weapons were used "yet". I don't doubt they may be used as Assad grows more desperate. There would be far more casualties if there were a chem warhead. As for the mucous, that's a classic symptom of tear gas. I can see rebels releasing tear gas to get more international support against Assad.

If you think President Obama is Working with Muslim Brother Hood his administration is. But there is no under handed dealing other than tring to work with the Egyptians government. To make a statement that a Sitting President is in the Muslim brotherhood is moronic. Syria is a quagmire that we should stay far away from. The Arabs are going to have to police themselves. To throw any money or weapons on a burning house is crazy!

Chem weps.  Made in Iraq.

Obama will support whom ever is using them.  He is always on the wrong side.

omg, If they will use chemicals against thier own people what would they use against who they perceive as thier enemies. These people are beyond crazy. Beyond humaine.

Well its about time.... the news was getting boring.

Gee, those wouldn't be the chemical weapons that made the way from Iraq when Saddam was hiding all his WMD?  Nah, couldn't be.

Oh no! Now what will Americrap do about the terrorist and their chemical weapons? Sweep it under the rug? Of course!The empty suit  in the white house  will just say they do not have  proof.The liberal media  will puppet the lies and that will be the  end of  it.

and where did ASSAD get his WMD from?????

Who are these rebels, it seems there is a lot of factions fighting alongside others. The truth is no one yet knows for sure who is going to take over, chances are they're going to end up with the same ruthless Al-Qaida trained friendlies. They have no qualm about using the worst means to their end. Another time bomb.

It's great america Has the Israelis as allies, I'm sure that since they are only a 40 minute drive from Damascus They will gladly help America by going up the road and settling this mess.

now we know exactly where those WMDs went after teh US invaded Iraq...

Syria is not a threat to the US. North Korea is. Stay out of it and let them handle it themselves. Look what happened in Iraq?

I remember them saying like 4 months ago that they werent not going to involve biological weapon, we really shouldnt have believed that either.

Nothing like employing early 20th century technology in the early part of the 21st century to move things along a beaten path.

Raise our taxes and send them more money

there going to need more then just 16 bodys and say some one used gas for obama to get the usa involdedSo what? Muslims kill to get to heaven

Okay, what type of Chemical Weapons were used?  Was it a Nerve agent or Phosgene agent?  This is important due to the Weapon's persistence in the immediate area of the impact.

Sounds like the 'government' lost some of its Chemical stock pile to the rebels and they just gave it a test run. This is the point I think the west should being attacking the rebels and the regime from the air non-stop until we can be certain that all targets that may contain chemical or biological weapons are destroyed. Both sides are fanatical Muslims so neither should ever have weapons of that caliber.

here we are again another day in the middle east let the whole place burn cant save people that wnat to die for something that happened 2200 years ago sad narrow minded people its the hatfields and the mc coys with a turbin

WITHOUT DOUBT ....   FSA (Al Qaida) are behind it .. FALSE FLAG ATTACKS .. oldest trick in book.

Did anyone see a drone before the strike ?

I know that most people not paying attention will buy that Assad did this to his own people, but for those of us who are watching know this: 1:France and Great Brittan are pushing now to aid the rebels it is because the rebels are losing 2: Because he is wining as proof by the push to aid the rebels, Assad would not use the chemical weapons.This is a ploy to pull the West into this mess, Washington needs to keep us out of it.

Assad is not attacking civilians .he is attacking armed gangs that came from Iraq and Libya ALL THAT LYING GOT TO STOP .they think we are STUPID .

That kind of pink blur you saw out the window was Syria crossing Obama's "red line"....

No biological weapons in Iraq- we all know that.  They were flown to Syria just like Israel's intelligence said.  But we are all TOO smart to believe Israel's accurate info.That kind of pink blur you saw out the window was Syria crossing Obama's "red line"....

No biological weapons in Iraq- we all know that.  They were flown to Syria just like Israel's intelligence said.  But we are all TOO smart to believe Israel's accurate info.

Let's just bomb everyone in Syria, Iran and North Korea. World War III keeps getting placed on the back burner.

YOU used the chem weapons supplied by the americans against us!  No No, YOU used the chem weapons supplied by america against US!

Careful now! You know what happened to President Bush when we couldn't find Saddam's stash of chemical weapons. ( We know he had them because he had used them on the Kurds). I really can't care what the Syrians do to each other. It just doesn't matter to me.

And moslims and this administration think we ought to be tolerant of those people and bow down to them.  Oh, what happened to the outrage over Oliver North, America?  From kangaroo court to public treason.

They both blame each other?, you damn well know this is a false flag designed as our ticket into another murderfest like Iraq...

Setting the stage for the military/industrial complex to rape the US Treasury some more.

Let the all die. The world will be a much better place.

taking it to the next level.as long as muslim towel heads die,it is okay w/me!Watch the muslims blame the Jews. It's all they know how to do. Blame others and look the the past. They have no future.

And Obamie just keeps campaiging..

Does this give Assad the green light to use his own chemical weapons?

At the end of the day, there are dead Muslims and Arabs.  This is a good thing.

If its a real Assad sanctioned military use of chemical weaponry, then the entire international community will take a stand; just like when Sadaam invaded Kuwait. Remember Iraqs' WMD fallacy? Lets not get suckered or goaded into another.

dead arabs everywhere, everyday!

They are the chemical weapons disappeared  from in Iraq .

Feb 17 2013 - "Iraq Car Bombing Kills 37 - Multiple car bombings that exploded within minutes killed at least 37 people and wounded more than 100 in Baghdad on Sunday morning."March 9 2013 - "Blasts Hit Afghanistan After Arrival of Hagel - A bomber wearing a vest packed with explosives struck outside the Afghan Defense Ministry on Saturday, killing at least 10 people. And a short time later, another bomber detonated his explosives in eastern Afghanistan killing eight children and a policeman"March 13 2013 - "Afghan bombing kills 8, including relatives of parliament speaker - A suicide bomber attacked a popular sporting event Wednesday in northern Afghanistan, killing eight people including relatives of the Afghan parliamentary speaker as a crowd of thousands commemorated the coming Persian new year."March 19 2013 - "Wave of Iraq blasts kill 56 decade after invasion - A wave of bombings tore through Baghdad on Tuesday morning, killing at least 56 people in a spasm of violence on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion."Ten years after our initial attacks Iraq and Afghanistan are havens for terrorists. Ths US failed miserably. We fought a "politically correct" war and we provided huge profits for military contractors but we didnt defeat the terrorists.Assad is the only leader actually standing up against terrorists. Western leaders are handing them the world on a platter.

So, if these Muslim nations have chemical weapons and use them on their own, what will happen when some more (Iran) get nuclear weapons?

And Obama wants to give them OUR tax dollars, And F-16&amp; tanks? Sounds like he willing to arm terrorists. But de arm US ! Sounds like treason to me along with war crimes. Charge all Government Officials engaged in this unconstitutional practices  with crimes against humanity.  Time to clean house.I don't know what the conflict is about, but does it really have to come to this.

The good old American Military Industrial Complex, aided by the 5-Sided Corporation is positioning for another war. All you half- #$%$ed patriots line up in the "volunteer" line, cause the rich is again going to pay your dumb #$%$ to do their killing. So, don't come home crting cause you got your #$%$ shot all to hell and back. Wake up.....why do you think there are no jobs and everyone is stupid?

This is such (B)ullshit, an excuse for obama to help his muslim brother hood some more and make it ok to start there genaside.

As the noose tightens around Damascus and Assad's Syrian map gets smaller, he is now justifying the use of his arsenal of chemicals as being used on a foreign invasion.

World peace will happen when a billion islamist are destroyed,,good for the planet in so many ways.

And people call me crazy for buying a gas mask.

dont worry all obamas, not going to pull a bush and invade with out real proof more then 16 bodys wont due!

I put my money on the rebels. Funded by the west, Hmmm.,

now who to believe,  tell ya what,  STAY OUR OF IT??????????????????

Some blame assad, some blame islamist rebels for mass killings.Read recent headlines: 50 killed in Irag, 25 blown up in Nigeria, 17  blown up in Pakistan, 15 blown up in Somalia.There is no assad nor fsa rebels in those countries. Just another set of islamists cult savages.Maybe there are NO good guys?Some blame assad, some blame islamist rebels for mass killings.Read recent headlines: 50 killed in Irag, 25 blown up in Nigeria, 17  blown up in Pakistan, 15 blown up in Somalia.There is no assad nor fsa rebels in those countries. Just another set of islamists cult savages.Maybe there are NO good guys?

It's amazing none of 'em are wearing eyeglasses

Best not send them $250 Million.

The people of the middle east have been killing each other for many centuries. Nothing we do will stop it. Like an argument between a husband and wife, we need to keep our nose out of it. We had our fights for freedom, now they must find freedom on their own terms. They are the ones who must live with the results after the dust settles.

since this is chlorine gas, its more likely its homemade FSA weapons. Syrians use military grade Siren gas.

I think we should actively foment strife and warfare in the Islamic countries. If they're busy killing themselves theyt're not focusing on us

Holy Shi'ites

My money is on the Obama-backed rebels using the chem weapons.  The rebels have no legitimacy to lose, and Obama won't attack them because he's BACKING them against Assad.  Similarly, because the US is backing the terrorists fighting in Syria, other governments won't condemn them the way they would condemn Assad.The chem weapons were probably imported to Syria from Libya as part of the operation that caused the deaths of our diplomatic personnel in Benghazi.  Maybe this atrocity will give Obama a feeling of satisfaction, because even causing the death of our Ambassador to Libya wasn't enough derail his ability to back terrorists and give them WMD.

Terrorist with chemical weapons? The Syrian Assad Government needs to wipe out all of those Terrorist ASAP!

They are baby stepping us into this. We will be involved soon enoughProbably the chemicals from Iraq!!!!!!!         Sadam gas his own people then when we when in, no chemicals?    I'll bet they went to Syria.   Invade Syria and they will go to Iran.  etc etc.

If muhamad had this gas,what would he do?

does any one even know what they are fighting about?  do they? people dying for what? dirt that will be there 2 billion years after there gone?   humans are a stupid race. any race smart enough to commit suicide,    that is a stupid race.   chemical war..great, here comes 50 more kinds of cancer...

Guess sadaam gave them to his buddy assad.

Supplied by the US no doubt.

For the love of God, those aren't rebels, they're mostly Sunni Muslim foreigner terrorists fighting against Alawites, Orthodox Christians and Sephardi.

Beware ALL who enters there.

This is false flag tactics.

My Spidey sense is tingleing!!!!! I hope for everyone's sake that this isn't a false flag operation performed by the powers that be, especially the USA, to create war, but I have a strange suspicion that I'm right. On a side note, has anyone found any WMD's yet?

Remember when you all said that Iraq didn't have wmds? Since they didn't have the facilities to destroy them, where did you think they went? Syria? Should be pretty unstable by now as well.Well lets see what happens now with the great "O"s redline ?

we all know the cia did it so america can get envolved and start another war.

It all makes sense. They're not people-They're animals that need to be ruled with terror. That's why democracy wont work.

I have an idea.... Nuke the whole place.

chemical use by terrorist how dare them u.n. where are you since they have broken one of your laws step and do something before this whole region ends up as a chemcial dump. wmd got us in iraq

So what did they take from Lybia? you'll find some information from the Benghazi attacts that are being covered up....

Fact #1. Obama just gave $500 million to his al-Qaeda friends in Syria.Fact #2. CIA is training terrorists in Jordanian camps.Who gave them chemicals? The answer is obvious.

If true, this is a sign of desperation on the part of Assad.

There is no uprising.  The only uprising is AlQaeda terrorizing the country to make it look like Assad is a bad guy.  The west(and friends) simply want to install their bank and take their resources, next stop will be Iran.

Thanks to American Colleges where these guys learn all they need to do stuff like this...............Thanks to American Colleges where these guys learn all they need to do stuff like this...............

Whats are the Israelis gonna do now?

Judging from the numbers reported dead, chemical attacks don't seem any better than traditional bullets and bombs.

Remember Obama's "red line" comment regarding chemicals. More blowhard do-nothing from our failed tyrant. The world can clearly see he is WEAK.

Out of 26 that died 16 of them were soldiers so this either means it was a failed military attack, rebels did it, or it was a 3rd party rogue rebel group (we shouldn't lump all rebels into the same category). In other words we can't trust what either side says.

Who is the Rebel? Assad Army or The Peoples Army?

As far as anyone knows the only holder of chemical munitions is the Syrian government. Coupled with a airstrike right after-draw your own conclusion.

Sounds like a lovely place to visit. Maybe the next family vacation will be to Syria.

Who said the US had BETTER say out of it.. LOL...You need to get a clue. Just where in the hell do you think the rebels are getting the weapons and money to fight the good fight. See this is exactly what is wrong with people today and the PTB know this, count on it, exploit it any every opportunity. Why you keep playing into their hands is something only you can fess up to.

how sick are they? if russia china and the america said stop now or we will nuke you all , they would just keep fighting.   that is sick but truehow sick are they? if russia china and the america said stop now or we will nuke you all , they would just keep fighting.   that is sick but true

Here we go, folks...

The only advise I can give is to eat 3 kittens a day to keep the chemicals away.

I dont understand why these people continuously kill each other. I mean do you ENJOY destroying your country? Do enjoy the screams and cries of women and small children? Do you enjoy waking up in the morning not knowing whether you're going to live to see the end of the day? #$%$!!! Stop!!! I'm so sick of seeing this #$%$ in the news everyday. If they want to kill each other, let em, don't wanna hear about it!!!

If it was uaed, we will become involved

George Bush is finally vindicated ... I guess know we now where Iraq shipped the  WMD's

let em kill each other if they dont have anything better to do...its in their blood and hard wired in their minds....they have been doing it for eternity...

The longer the world allows this to continue the more of a mess it is going to become.  Terror groups see an opportunity to take over an entire nation, which is not in our best interest and I dont think arming the rebels is a good idea either.

Please dont let people from middle east in america .

this is very good. who knew? its ok just let them kill each other off.let em kill each other if they dont have anything better to do...its in their blood and hard wired in their minds....they have been doing it for eternity...

The longer the world allows this to continue the more of a mess it is going to become.  Terror groups see an opportunity to take over an entire nation, which is not in our best interest and I dont think arming the rebels is a good idea either.

Please dont let people from middle east in america .

this is very good. who knew? its ok just let them kill each other off.

invasion time or else

Meanwhile..back at the ranch.

Pre loaded with chems? Assad has been using chem weapons for months! Never forget 12.23.2012 he bombed a bakery line killing over 100 and injuring dozens... he has been using cluster bombs recently... he is a monster..a plague on earth..time for him to check out!

I wonder if the US Army and UN forces have up to date chemical warfare protection in sufficient quantities?

Don't worry.  It was probably just another of Obama's strategic drone strikes.  Its just his way of fighting a war without having to be blamed for it.  I believe they call it politics.

Assad is so desperate that he probably fired the chemical weapon on his own people just to blame it on the rebels . More will follow !!!!!Obama now has to back up his big mouth................................

Wow Obama needs to hurry up with some sanctions they crossed his red line

This whole situation reeks of colonization.

Boy, Do I wish the Chemicals would have been the Zombie virus.We need a good war with 3 or 4 Billion  Zombies, Walkers, or Biters, sure It all depends whos side your on I guess.

Lets just send them all some of those nasty chemicals that we have in surplus that cost billions a year to incinerate. One catch after we drop them from the plane its up to them to deal with the aftermath. In other words we will skip discussing sanctions and the pacifist route the UN loves to play.

Wow, let us see what happens next. I realy hope they turn things up a notch or two over there to see what weapons they intend on using next.

OK....Obummer...what are you going to do now!....You said to intervene if they used the chemical weapons.....just nuke the place, one big vaporizing sweep.... :-D

It is called killing the ENEMY.  In war you KILL THE ENEMY.  Peacenicks get over your a d z.  In war there is NO such thing as an innocent civilian.

to he// with both sides........ this war is a lose lose........muslims have no concept of humanity.

A 2 sentence news story doesn't even warrant a comments sectionchemical warfare does not exist ,,,just ask any liberal whacko

Obamie could careless as long as he can campaign, smile, lie, golf, smile, campaign, walk on water, smile, campaign..

In the meantime, Obama is legally emplacing Licata and Perez into his green shirt cabinet!1 scud missle will look like chump change when DHS starts using the 1.6B rounds of ammunition and the 2700 tanks that Obama purchased for them.

until we know for sure who did what, we should stay out of it.  both sides hae chemical weapons and neither one are afraid to use them.  i don't trust any of them on either side

"THE BIBLE SAYS : WORLD WAR 3 WILL BE STARTED BY SMALL COUNTRY" GOD HELP US ALL !

U.S. President Barack Obama, who has resisted overt military intervention in Syria's two-year-old civil war, has warned Assad that any use of chemical weapons would be a "red line". OOOHHH I bet Assad is shaking in his boots.

According to our liar-in-chief this was supossed to be a red line

They've finally weaponized "pink-slime".

Looks like Team America will have to step in !America...Fauk Yeah...Freedom is the only way...

where is the UN when you need themFalse flag Op.

If it was really chemicals involved no one there would be talking about smelling anything... sounds like a bunch of B.S

As the world burns...

The good thing is both sides are of the same ancestry - abide by the truth, it will set you free! Same language, same colour, same geographical boundary and perhaps similar aspirations with same promises..

That sucks

Just the rebels trying to bring in international power. Those a lawless people, they already used murder, kidnaping, blackmail, now this

What a mess! Hatred breeds hatred and greed breeds greed yet too many are just trying to survive in the middle of Hell. Hell just got hotter

This is a big story on FoxNews and Yahoo.  CNN has zero, zip, nada, NO COVERAGE of this story.  Neither does MSNBC...

He Did It, No He Did it, who cares Muslims with chemicals what a wonderful thought, now they can kill more of each other, and its all over MONEY And POWER. Disgusting.

It's too bad Syria has no oil, otherwise the USA could totally intervene...oh wellDont we give billions of Dollars to this country??

These are just left over chemicals from Sadam Huessain, who sent them there to getthem out of Irag, So President Bush could be made to look bad by our own news people. Now it is coming back to haunt other people. This nut bag President Bashar al-Assad needs to be taken out. Like we need to impeach our illegal nut bag president Obama.

the chemical weapons came from libya they were also in the weapons that was at the consulate that 4 americans were murdered at remember when obama and his crew did nothing and hillary lied through her teeth about?

Prelude to their use by both sides.

Lets see. suicide bombs, now suicide gas chambers next step up is suicide nukes. There getting better at killing each other every day! To think we sacrificed some of our best and brightest over these people and all we had to do is give them weapons and they would do the dirty work for us.One side will win. but when its over we will have to send Dianne Finestine and Nancy Peloci to confiscate their weapons so they don't use them on us!

President Obama, I am one of your supporter, but I am telling you that Iran have no option but to go nuclear in order to restore peace and stabilize the Middle East. Iran will be a nuclear armed super power no matter what the Zionists that control Washington and the U.S. House and Senate say, or do. You know that Zionists planning war and crisis in the Middle East because Zionism feeds on crisis. But a nuclear armed Iran can stop the Zionists cold on its track and reestablish peace and tranquility in the Middle East. I know you are trying your best to change the American warmonger's image and make America a gentle nation that can get along with all nations. You are trying hard to change America into a capitalist nation instead of the imperialist nation of the past and your fight and determination for redistribution of the wealth which is under the control of only one percent in America is deserving world respect. Even though it is hard to see the reality behind the rhetoric, with the religion and cultural difference and language barrier but your vision for the world future and your goals for a just and gentle world is not far from the Iranian leader vision for the world future. He is as determine as you are to establish a just and peaceful world for all.

Last week the IsraHelli authority predicted the Syrian going to use Chemical weapons against the terrorists in Syria. The question is how they know this going to happen, ???????  the answer is obvious, the Zionists who backed the terrorists planned the chemical attack because recently they realized their trained terrorists losing to the Syrian military and this was an act of desperation to slow down the Syrian military advancement. In this Zionist chemical attack at least based on this report 16 Syrian soldiers died as the result. That by itself tell the story of savagery by the IsraHelli backed terrorists. If this continue the Syrian armed forces should retaliate against IsraHell and take the battle to their enemy in occupied Palestine. ZIONISTS / ISRAHELLI AGGRESSION AGAINST SYRIA ONLY CAN BE STOPED BY FORCE.

IRAN has more than 65,000 Hezbollah Terrorists in Syria. They use SARIN, YELLOW RAIN, and a host of other Chemical Weapons. They are waging Genocide against the Sunni Arabs. CNN NEWS has reported that Anna Kreisling is back in Syria flying in Stinger Missiles to shoot down the Russian Hind Helicopters!

Our "Ally" Israel is right next door 40 minutes drive from Damascus. I bet the Israeli Friends we pay billions to and fight wars for will not be helping solve this problem .

Guess who supplies weapons? You guessed it , us.Moslums are like cockroaches, you don't kill roaches with bullets, you kill them with bug spray. So there is nothing wrong firing missiles loaded with chemical agents on muzlums, that s what works best

King obama send your dictator friend some cash and jets like you are doing for Egypt and the Muslim Brother Hood!!! You turd!!!

Well they are using chemicals to get us involved. What we need to do is mind our own bussiness. wait it its over the let the world court bring charges against them who used chemical weapons.

This is a CIA/Odummber aka the Devil/ ploy for the US to become involved with troops on the ground.....its amazing this happened while odumber was in Israel, the timing couldn't have been more perfect, in other words not by accident, but, for the purpose of spending Billions more taxpayer money in that part of the world.....

I hope Assad takes those chemical weapons (most of which came from Saddam) and turn them on the Al-Qaida/Bosnian Mercenaries and maybe send a few rockets over to the Mercenary head quarters in Saudi Arabia.  Syria has been invaded by the Saudi Arabian Foreign Legion, the vary same armed force that toppled Balkans, Libya and destabilized North Africa.  Wake up America our leaders have been bought and paid for with Saudi Oil Money !

All these #$%$ are killing each other.....GOOD!

The Zionist backed terrorists are losing in the battlefield against the Brave Syrian armed forces and Zionists and their western backers are desperate enough to use chemical weapons to stop the Syrian arm forces advancement. Syrian army lost over 20 soldier in this Chemical attack. But that is not going to stop the Syrian armed forces complete victory. Zionists and their western backed government such as the government of France and Brits now pressuring the European Union to send more heavy arm to their terrorists. Their last attempt was not successful and E.U. refused  to back the France and British demand for sending more arms to the Terrorists. Zionist government of France and Brits now saying they are going to act independently and going to send their own heavy weapons to their trained terrorists in Syria. It is time for the people of France and Britain to rise up and demonstrate their opposition to this barbaric act by their respected government.

If "President Bashar al-Assad, battling an uprising against his rule, is widely believed to have a chemical arsenal.", then where did the Chemicals come from? Are they not WMD's?

are we taking side of jihadis sounds like it

Even if, by some remote possibilty, the rebels did confiscate them gov't troops should not allowed that to happen.  The security around those places that warehouse these types of weapon should have been extreme.The bottom line is the government is responsible for securing all weapons systems including nuclear, biological and chemical.  Assad is responsible.THERE MAY NOT BE A WINNER IN THIS.But who ever uses chemical weapon must be held accountable.

There you go. That's who arabs are. Place no value on the life of their own people, much less on the rest of the world.

President Barack Obama has warned Assad that any use of chemical weapons would be a "red line". A stern letter should be heading his way in the next few months.

From the sound of things, again taking the reporters words because telling the truth is his job.... It doesnt sound like the Syrian Government, at least initially.  I would think there would be far more casualties if they used one of their chemical weapons.

I hope a Syrian throws shoes at Obama.

Israel and the USA planted the seed that Assad might use chemical weapons. So, all that the So-called Free Syrian Army has to do is use them and blame it on the Assad regime. Simple, effective and down right dirty.

Just in case we were running out of reasons to stay out of the middle east.  These people are never going to stop killing each other, they've had a thousand years of practice.  I'm shocked that the birth rates at this point are higher than the death rates.  It is so past time we focus our energy on solar energy and hydrogen fuel so we can get off the oil tit already and let this litter box of a region fade into obscurity like the rest of the hostile third world nations.

"The reported death toll is far below the mass slaughter inflicted on the Iraqi Kurdish city of Halabja..."REALLY!? Why does that paragraph (the 5th of the article)  belong in this article? Why not mention how many were killed and injured by mustard gas in the First Wold War? Why not mention the gas Chambers of World War Two? A journalism class is in order for the writer. Pick a subject and stay on topic. The article is about the war in Syria. Get a map.A much larger issue is the proximity of Syria to Israel and the Syrian possession and alleged use of chemical weapons. Israel is, understandably, sensitive to this issue and this event could hold more serious portent then who used the weapon.

These people have been fighting each other since Isaac and Ishmail. They will continue to fight till Jesus comes back and brings peace. The United States must stay out of it because we have lost too many innocent soldiers lives. We have enough to worry about here in our nation.

I guess western nations don't say anything if it's the rebels  who use WMDsI guess western nations don't say anything if it's the rebels  who use WMDs

Of course they won't admit if they done the attack or not. They were stupid enough to kill innocent people, but they won't be stupid enough to take the blame.

Let me think, was it Obama said he would do something before or after a chemical attack?

Winning at any cost! Saddam did it to Iranians &amp; NO ONE said anything! all were supplied to him by Good old boys in the WEST. #$%$

Isreal will pull us into an all out war now.

We need to start minding our own business and let these other countries fight and settle their own #$%$!

if these people would instead take all that energy and use it to make their communities prosperous, safe, improve infrastructure, and develop their own economy and positive international relations, they could actually BE the strong nation they want to be.

I hope this goes on forever.Less muslim wack jobs in the world.send them all to allah.

If Assad's regime is at fault,,,,, then they would have launched more then a single SCUD. Sounds like the Rebels captured or purchased this weapon and then fired it to force Washington across the Red Line.

I'm anxiously awaiting another Obama stern non-response.  He'll really mean it this time...they better stop, or...I'm anxiously awaiting another Obama stern non-response.  He'll really mean it this time...they better stop, or...

And it begins, I'm sorry America; N. Koreas nuke ability is not the scariest thing out there.  Chemical and biological warfare is!

Flip a coin to see who's fault was it. By looks of it, it's the only fair thing to do.

"Generals gathering in the masses."Better believe the US will get involved.  Our cowards leaders love sending others to defend...  To defend!?!?!

This is a pleasant way to begin the day.  Both sides in syria are inbred genocidal sociopaths who are only slaughtering one another because they ran out of other victims.  Every effort should be made to insure that the conflict continues at least until syria, a failed and fake state, disintegrates.

The whole thing is to get us involved again. This is not about Syria. It is about world control and wrestling it away from those who have it little by little, whittling away at them like little insects burrowing in and causing damage from the inside out. This is one more of those areas where the powers that be can make a big mistake and jump in emotionally and waste more of their power as this evaporates into a long and costly energy draining war. One more of those and the U.S. will have effectively fallen into the game and very probably may lose it horribly in the end if they don't wake up and wake up real fast if it is not too late already.

I would have used chemical weapons on them armed gangs that came in from Libya and Iraq .I won't worry about Obama he is busy on finding a way to CUT SOCIAL SECURITY .

the same terrorist we call freedom fighters and rebels are the same one who once finished here will be attacking our soldiers the next day, they are terrorist

Tear Gas, if it was a Police Academy then they probably had Tear Gas canisters for training that may have been hit by weapons fire. Those are Less-Than-Lethal weapons not Non-Lethal and if too many go off at once it could OverDose people that are more vulnerable to the effects of that gas.

Whoever is cheering for the Al Qaida terrorists in Syria. Just be carefull, they may use their chemical weapons against us.I hope the terrorist FSA will be purged soon. A victory for them will also be a victory for those Islamists.

So the rebels can chop the soldiers head off taking no prisoners, burning, trowing them off roof tops everything is acceptable!!! but they say no when it comes to chemical hmmmm!!! isnt killing KILLING??? Suddenly the whole world is following Al-Qaida and believing them, yeah sure their honest looool... they just want to kill every single living creature on earth that all..

King obama send your dictator friend some cash and jets like you are doing for Egypt and the Muslim Brother Hood!!! You turd!!!

next news will be Bunker buster Bomb hit Assad's compound

All of this fighting would stop if the two dictators from Russia and Syria would stop getting drunk and smoke a joint instead

This is getting out of hand ... Assad should be blamed for every single life lost in this war... if really chemical weapon is used, then it is high time the international community intervene

Hmmmmm ???? Spose they might be the WMD's Iraq shipped out ????

I better beleive Assad then verious terrorists groop affiliated with al qaeda

We dropped the atomic bombs in order to save thousands of lives, right?  So were told.  Kinda strange on how the Media gets hyped up if Assad uses that same reasoning, if he even done it, strange on the inconsistency of our Govt and 4th Branch of Govt--the Media.

What a waste. Syria should be firing chemical weapons on the Jews of Israel, not on their own people.When we watch things like this happen and say it's not our problem, what message does that send the next generation? We scratch our heads and wonder why nobody stopped what happened in Steubenville Ohio, or why those kids stood around and said "Not my problem." I'm not suggesting sending in the troops, just have to do something, or we are as guilty of every person that didn't intervene in Ohio.

I'm a Neo Consrrvative Republican. I say Sell them both Chemical weapons &amp; encourage thier use. ( Profit first ) They can then exterminate themselves. Problem solved.Supporting good ole Neo Conservative Religously Right Republican business values of the Moral Majority that supports the Christian Colalition.Eat Dirty Doggy Dingleberries ye Filthy Liberal Scourge !

Where are the drones?  Obama and company talk or at least dodge questions about using drones on US citizens in the USA, and he kills whomever he likes elsewhere, where is the drone with Bashar al-Assad's name on it?

well it sounds to me like we went after the wrong country...if i remember correctly iraq was suppose to have these weapons and is why we attacked them yet lol here we are watching people die from chemical weapons in syria but the U.S wants no part...just proof that the war is not about terrorist but about money and oil...people lie and lots of idiots die...

depend on our boss SATANyahoo the NWO leader-----forever he wants we will do

I really feel for those folks over there.  Imagine being a kid growing up with all that.  Kids are just born and boom right in the middle of a total mess.  They will never be the same.  People complain about the US and Obama and whatever, but please.  We are truly blessed and should be thankful.

Send in the Tomahawks and end Assad once and for all time !

This is exactly how it was predicted to begin. Assad's forces fire a small device at a town Assad is about to lose, but fire it at his own soldiers/followers. Sacrifice a few, so he now has his justification to unleash his poison on many. He said he would do this. He's been calling his fellow Syrians the invading foreigners, for a year and a half. Is the world going to watch and do nothing as Assad commits mass murder on a scale not seen since World War One?

if gop was president we go to war,,, haliburton would be the contractor,,,,, the same thing happen in the usa but we to blind to see it,,

The notion that rebels set off a chemical bomb is much less likely.  The only defense for doing so is the propaganda machine.  70,000 dead already and nary a comment here is anti-government?  That ol' propaganda ruse works pretty darn good too!Great, another arab country that we'll spend billions of tax dollars destroying! Fantastic!!! Come on America, let's go completely broke fighting for everyone else but ourselves!!!

This is going to get FAR worse and we better hope we can stop it from spilling over the borders into neighboring countries.

It was only a matter of time! Assad will use whatever is at his disposal to stay in power. NOW let's see what Obama does OR if his words are hollow???

This is exactly why governments should never lie to people, and people should never lie to each other-once trust is broken, it can never be gotten back.

If Jordan, Turkey, Qatar and all these other countries providing arms and terrorists against Assad would realize NATO and its thugs will turn around do the same thing to your country and its people in heartbeat they would probably rethink their position immediately.

I guess they felt the only way they could get us involved was to start slinging around some chemicals.  Well, it shouldn't be long now.

Oh what a tangled web we weave when we practice to decive

If 16 Soldiers died! then who used the Chemicals? Turkey, Qatar, France, Brittan, US and all who supported these terrorists are to blame, AND ONE DAY the chickens will come home to ......... &amp; we can not blame others for it. REMEMBER Libya?

there is not innocent people... all the same sh....

I'm not very interested in another war, I'm even fairly liberal at times (especially for a southern Baptist).  But I think there are a few things we should not tolerate as people, not just Americans:1. Atomic Warfare2. Holocausts3. Bio/chemical warfare (much more closely related to holocausts in the past than most people think)Obviously we can’t get into everyone’s business, we are not the World Police, we can’t stop everything, nor should we.  Sometimes people need to make mistakes before they learn to be better.  But chemical warfare against innocent people is an escalation I'm not okay with.  We can’t fight another war, but we could provide the means to change the odds.  If we are the better people we seem to think we are, we need to do something.  Now.I'm not very interested in another war, I'm even fairly liberal at times (especially for a southern Baptist).  But I think there are a few things we should not tolerate as people, not just Americans:1. Atomic Warfare2. Holocausts3. Bio/chemical warfare (much more closely related to holocausts in the past than most people think)Obviously we can’t get into everyone’s business, we are not the World Police, we can’t stop everything, nor should we.  Sometimes people need to make mistakes before they learn to be better.  But chemical warfare against innocent people is an escalation I'm not okay with.  We can’t fight another war, but we could provide the means to change the odds.  If we are the better people we seem to think we are, we need to do something.  Now.

Hmmm oppressive Dictator vrs. Radical Muslims. I say we send cheerleaders for both sides.

Did the rebels start using chemical weapons first? Was this in retaliation for the Assad government's use of chemical weapons previously? Whether in Syria, Lebanon, Iraq, Mali, Libya or elsewhere in the Arab world, Muslims killing other Muslims, or Christians or Hindus, or Buddhists (remember the Afghan's destruction of Buddhist shrines?), B'Hais etc., they will all unite and blame the Israelis and the "world Jewish conspiracy". Just leave them alone to kill each other. They are more effective at killing than U.S. or coalition armies.

First, as in the beginning of a series?

If I was in Bashar's steel-toed shoes,I too would see what I could get away with since the world is  much,much more worried about their own money issues.Just look at the top three replies on this thread.Now, North Korea is a different story....nobody has been killed but we will be spending one billion USD on a west coast missile defense system.

"There have been no previous reports of chemical weapons in the hands of insurgents"....wow, dominic evans the writer of this article is obviously suffering from selective      amnesia

I am speechless....So sad

so it has started, israel finnaly got some chemicals to the alciada troops they trained.like I said before israel can not exist without continual war!!!

The use of chemical weapons is a serious game changer. The rest of the world will not just sit back anymore, if no one will admit to using these internationally banned weapons than neither side will be allowed to survive this conflict.

It was only a matter of time before someone used this stuff. Most likely outside insurgents.Obama said chemical attack was the Red Line, does this mean it time for more War?

Ok, that's it. Everyone out of the pool!

A dictator versus terrorists. Seems to becoming a common theme in the Arab Spring.

Just the excuse we need to get involved...well, with the Iraq and Afghan wars drawing to a close, we need more fresh blood for the military-industrial money machine! Or as I like to call it, "socialized war-fare." American's freak out when presented with the idea of tax dollars being used for something like universal health care...but we've all be paying for "universal war-fare" for years!

Gee, I wonder if these chemicals came from Iraq?

and this is the #$%$,that britain and france were in a mighty hurry to force feed with a multitude of weapons.all the brit/french #$%$ were interested in, was getting their weapons production lines back up to full speed,and signing off on the sales receipts for those same weapons regardless of whose name or nationality was on the end of those receipts.those #$%$ syrian [rebels/mercenaries] were prepared to use chemical weapons within an area surrounded by innocent peoples whom these same rebels pretend to be trying to liberate from the oppression of assad,well i suppose dead and buried is as about as liberated as 1 can get.AFTER AN AGONIZING DEATH THAT IS...........heres hoping the rest of the e.u.can prevail in stopping these 2 #$%$ countries britain/france from arming those psycho,s................

This morning, Syrian rebels launched WMDs (chemical weapons) in their fight against the Syrian Governement.  These WMDs were used in Northern Syria, in the same area that we watched, via satellite, convoys of trucks crossing from Iraq into Syria ahead of our invasion of Iraq.  But I am sure that this is just a coincidence, and that the trucks we watched enter Syria were carrying food, medicine and school supplies...

War is never about the people living in the country.  It is about the people in charge abusing their authority and their own people live in squalor.

This is funny. First it was the Syrian goverment who claimed that the Terrorists used chemical wapons. It looks like some one advised the Al Qaida terrorists to also claim that they were attacked by chemical weapons. This whole thing is a farse.

It's possible that the missile carrying chemicals did not come from either Syria's Government or the Rebels...It probably came from.....  ooooops i can't say, too dangerous  lolHere it is, ANOTHER phony WMD carrot and stick. The blank check we give the pentagon that is "threat to National Security" will be cashed. All they needed. No false flag this time.

I guess I dont get the chemical weapons. Isnt the idea of war to kill the other side anyway you can?

I'd be surprised if it was a chemical weapon, but I am pretty solid on the fact that the US is NOT coming in there no matter what happens. If anything this will be on Europe to handle especially given they want to arm these "rebels" who are at least 25% Al Qaeda.

The song Grand Verbalizer, What Time Is It? by X-Clan is dedicated to the Hebrews!

only the little and big  SATANyahoo is allowed  to use nuke,ch.and biological weapons

Fox News - let us give you our Republican assessment of international news...

These weapons should not have been imagined by the minds of men!  Isn't it interesting that when certain people control these weapons NO one condemns!  When other people gain control of these weapons, world leaders speak in outrage.  Does the weapon fundamentally change when different ideologies control the weapon?  What happened to the attempts to bring about world peace?

This smells like Israel.

IDIOT BUSH and EVIL CHENEY are 100% to Blame

Another staged event to excuse The US to attack assad and install a pupper government.This war is pointless

I really hope this is not true because where there is one there are more and that means we now have to look a containing this thing if that is even possible.  Damn, I was hoping this could ease to an end without this type of violence and weapon use,Russia and the US now have to look each other over and figure out how to respond and there are no 2 ways about it, we have to respond.

and the #$%$ has now officially hit the fan.....

It was the good old USA that introduced chemical weapons into the region during the Iran-Iraq war and turned what was already a brutal conflict into soemthing absolutely horrendous.

I don't believe either side anymore...Sad that the innocent have to suffer....

Assad is not dumb enough to use chemical weapons. This is another false flag from western sources. It is funny how chemical weapons are starting to make their way into rebels' hands right after European countries like France and Britian are urging the EU to lift the arms embargo on the rebels. And the current French tool, Hollande, stated that direct military intervention will only happen if chemical weapons are used. So the stages are set now for the hypocrites in europe to bomb syria now.

Like most hypocrites, if it were the Syrian army who hit the Islamist rebels, then the US and the Western countries will respond differently, even those who comment on this report would not be indifferent. You are no better than your governments.

Hell on earth. What do you expect when the God of War is worshipped over the God of Life? You get Death. Period. Stop the fighting and no more dying. But that is too much like being right...

In a place where lying, back stabbing and two-faced glad handing is cultural, who to believe?

Time to hit the reset button.In a place where lying, back stabbing and two-faced glad handing is cultural, who to believe?

Time to hit the reset button.

ohhh yes, soon i will ride again, sooner than you think.

This has CIA writen all over it. We have teamed up with the people who planned 9/11, where have our morals gone or did we ever have any?

This biggest mistake the FSA have made. Using WMD on people they say they are freeing.

Cameron, Hollande, Kerry, Hague and Erdogan must be happy with their armies now!

Good job people GET BIGGER BOMBS and keep killing each other. Thank-you the Amer . people

Will Israel attack the rebels now since they used it? No right ? Lol

This is what's called a turning point. The terrorists have used WMD's again. They're desperate.

Who cares?  Really....who cares?Oh look, we found Saddam's weapons, of course we did sell them to those guys, oops. We need to get Assad out of power, there are things that America needs to own in that region, with out resistance.

I think it's time for Syria to accept gay equal rights , after all that's what important . No one really cares about chemcal weapons , or world war 3 and all that jazz . Our politician leaders are VERY concerned about the need to support gay equal rights , they don't seem worried about this  . And neither should we frankly until equal rights are accepted .Lets get back to the second by second coverge of the gay rights agenda . That's real important news , not this nonsense . Come on people, until men can marry other men who cares about anything else ?

Assad, rebels... all the same kind of terrorists, never trust `em !

Now what are we going to stay out of it?

Nobody trusts any allegations about a civil war . Media is a tool for many governments.

What is this fight about again?

rebels are the terrorists FACT

The US probably launched it so they can have an excuse to go in and take away the "weapons of mass destruction".

Uh-uo Ob said he wouldn't tolerate chemical weapons! Lets see if he backs up his words... doubt it.

Israelis are ready to launch an massive air strike on Syria military government for moving those chemical around like they are not suppose to. Our U.S. president have made it clear to not move the "red line".Israelis are ready to launch an massive air strike on Syria military government for moving those chemical around like they are not suppose to. Our U.S. president have made it clear to not move the "red line".

thats a good thing

Now the radical islamist terrorist are armed with chemical weapons. Wonder when one of them is going to attack American soil with these new weapons.

What started with the Barack Hussein,, and Hillary Occupy protesters ..... Thank God any Republican have been involved in that mess....Think that they had the occupy preotesters in NY.. inciting violence ..  Re - run the videos...

Ok Showbama,  you said that would be a red line, what now?

good

I dont believe either side! Too much rhetoric,too much posturing...not enough dialog!!! Both sides should #$%$, and look to the injured!!!

Good..That's just what that area of the world needs, a good old fashioned chemical war..May the best cockroach survive..

So sad for the innocent…..

JEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! R D REAL PROBLEM IN WORLDS CUTURES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NO JEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! = PEACE AND BIG SURPLU$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$I'm not even Catholic but I really starting to like this guy.... Oh..  ok! This isn't a news story about the pope.

Red line my #$%$ obama we have no reason to get involved. Well ok but only if you put youre hoe #$%$ up on the firing line with our troops.

@Prometheus. If u r ignorant it helps to shut up and learn. To have an opinion u have to have true&amp;full knowledge of it.

yep those people are fn nuts, i sold a boat to a iraq nut case,they are the rudest and most argumentive people ive ever seen, treat women like #$%$ #$%$ of the earth

Looks like the syrian atmy noose is getting tighter...al qada has to use germ warfare now because the past 5 days their leaders have been betrayed by spies who gave up their location to the syrian army...al qada is getting slaughtered..

Or in other words, WMD.

Oh Syria, .. again..

Just Retrobate minds on both sides

where is the outrage of the UN?...OH THATS RIGHT WE ONLY DO SOMETHING if Israel is doing it!!!!!

I would say that if the Rebels fired the shot it would have been aimed at government buildings. Where are all the injured government workers? Assad lies again and hopes the world believes him.where is the outrage of the UN?...OH THATS RIGHT WE ONLY DO SOMETHING if Israel is doing it!!!!!

I would say that if the Rebels fired the shot it would have been aimed at government buildings. Where are all the injured government workers? Assad lies again and hopes the world believes him.

hmmm I wonder who I believe..a government which  has denied using shelling, cluster bombs and scud missiles on its people and which has..a government which denies deliberately targetting civilians eg bombing bakeries but whihc does, a government which promised a truce and ceassfire and used it to intensify attacks, a government which said only a madman would kill his own people and which did and one who switched from saying everyone from Israel to Al Qaeda and these working together, in fact everyone except Syrians wanted change...Assad regime, by now, whatver anyone else does, and i dont believe for one second it was the rebels, no-one except your brainwashed supporters is gonna believe you!

I'll believe it when they identify what the chemical agent was and who delivered it.  I doubt if it were Al-Quada because it would bring westerners into the fray...something they don't want in "their lands"

"Pull my finger!" - Assad's thugs"NO, YOU PULL MINE!" - Jihadists on the othersideI'd say they both sound guilty!

a lie of course as a prelude to the Syrian government using gas on the rebels.

Key Word: Rebels used Chemical Weapons, not Syrian government!

IDIOT BUSH says We Should INVADE/OCCUPY SYRIA Like He Did IRAQ

the poor guys, the dirty hand of American government and itsZionist friend has been always behind such wars in the world.

Kill Assad ASAP . Problem solvedKill Assad ASAP . Problem solved

Made in the USA!We are the worlds biggest arms dealer, chemical weapons too!

I wish we had a Republican in the white house, we would have 500,000 troops over there in syria right now to help fight for our freedom

the al CIAda vile rats are working hard for the absolute leader---SATANyahoo

May this war last One Hundred Years!

And cue the "We need to invade Syria to save the people!" talk.....

The world shoud not talerate this . What the hell is wrong with all the people.

to aero scout,,,the Barbaric Christians are the core of the World's problems,,,World War  1&amp; 2 &amp; ,,,history shows what the vatican did for hundreds of years,, the Christian Europeans killed millions of Asians, Africans &amp; Indians,,,

sounds like blackwater.

Republicans are an embarrassment to the US, all I can say...Republicans are an embarrassment to the US, all I can say...

here we go!!!! America f ya coming to save the mother &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; day YAAAAA!! you guys know the song we sing it all the time !!!!

Time to carpet bomb the whole country, and let God sort them out.

how about the UN just put an end to all this middle east #$%$ and send all there nukes into the middle east and then start from scratch and rebuild. everyone is happy all the crazy insurgents gone forever..THE END.

Typical US double standard. Other people need to obey international law, but not the Americans. Clintons, Bushes, Powell, Cheney, Obama would all be neck-stretched-dead now if at Nuremburg. Al Quaida Obama just thinks it savvy that the chemical weapons (his dead Christopher Stevens sycophant smuggled in) get used against Assad, but Assad can't use his own because it would be a war crime. Monstrous baby-killer nations, USA &amp; Israel, can do no wrong. Only humans, decent people, need to fear legal sanctions. What a farce!

It hit a "regime" area . So why would the Syrian govenment attack itself ?Whose backing and supporting these "rebels" then, who may be now armed with chemical scuds ? Of course we will hear they misfired on there own area. Wake up people , we are on the eve of he last world war . This is INSANITY and it CHANGES the game .

If that was done by the syrian army the natto planes will be flying over syria now ,,,,,,,,,

"Syrian officials have neither confirmed nor denied this, but have said that if it existed it would be used to defend against foreign aggression"I thought the regime was supposedly battling a foreign conspiracy against it. Ludicrous.

That's the red line. Get in there U.N.

i strongly believe the rebels did it for 2 reasons1 they are rebels2 israel and US support these rebels. America and israel already predicted the chimical  so that's mean it was on the west mind to use it in order to accuse syria.Sounds like a last ditch effort by Assad to use chemical weapons, and blame the rebels.

It must have been the USA or Israel who want to FLAME the rebels(TERRIORIST) and gain world news.

Which arms manufacturers in which nations make these chemical WMDs and sell them to countries in the ME?That is the real question.

everyone want the US to get involved so these terrorists can get their way.

Israel is no doubt behind this to use it as an excuse to attack Syria

nt good enough,whowil bandage d wounds inflected on oneself?

Once again Assad this is your work probably. Because we have  been advising much, but you don't change. Do you think Damascus and other parts of Syria were created for your interest and interest of your friends. Remember, Jesus Christ did alot of work in Damascus the same place you are doing bad things . Question to you, do you believe in God ? or you want to try believing after your death tell us . Deo-Tanzania.

The western media is going to spin this and make it look like the rebels (extremists) did not use chemical weapons. The west is evil.

its absolutely amazing! a day  be for the president goes to Israel! chemical weapons just happened to show up!I guess this will be Israel's excuse to bomb them! what a joke! it would not surprise me if the IDF was involved with this! to put pressure on Obama,red line,  to get involved in syria! are for a excuse for Israel to get involved!

The Syrian government is expected to send a voter safety team to the USA to make an anslysis of the problem with the aggressive way that candidates in the USA campaigne in the USA.It is expected that the Syrian government will raise the Syrian Government debt ceiling by a trillion dollars and will spend up to 15 billion equavalent value in USD a month (180 billion in equavalent to USD annually) of its country's tax revenue to send members of the Syrian Military - to include transportation costs, food and clothing for Syrian troops, equipment, and rollup - to the USA to stop the compaigne related threats on 47% of the people in the USA. The Syrian government announced today that it will ask its Parliament to raise the Syrian Government debt ceiling to fund the foreign aid and Syrian military presense in the USA to help avoid a civil war in the USA between the NRA, politicians, and 47% of the population who are on retirement/disability.The USA is not expected to help with the cost of the Syrian military involvement, the US Military will not get involved, and after the campaigne election problem is resolved the Syrian Government has a plan to finance the rebuild of voter polls in the USA; and will train the US politicians as well as voters on how to their manage their anger and how to tell the truth when campaigning and voting in USA's public elections.More on this breaking news if it developes.......The Syrian government is expected to send a voter safety team to the USA to make an anslysis of the problem with the aggressive way that candidates in the USA campaigne in the USA.It is expected that the Syrian government will raise the Syrian Government debt ceiling by a trillion dollars and will spend up to 15 billion equavalent value in USD a month (180 billion in equavalent to USD annually) of its country's tax revenue to send members of the Syrian Military - to include transportation costs, food and clothing for Syrian troops, equipment, and rollup - to the USA to stop the compaigne related threats on 47% of the people in the USA. The Syrian government announced today that it will ask its Parliament to raise the Syrian Government debt ceiling to fund the foreign aid and Syrian military presense in the USA to help avoid a civil war in the USA between the NRA, politicians, and 47% of the population who are on retirement/disability.The USA is not expected to help with the cost of the Syrian military involvement, the US Military will not get involved, and after the campaigne election problem is resolved the Syrian Government has a plan to finance the rebuild of voter polls in the USA; and will train the US politicians as well as voters on how to their manage their anger and how to tell the truth when campaigning and voting in USA's public elections.More on this breaking news if it developes.......

asad #$%$ there is no excuse for to be send to icc

Israel is behind this in order to attack the Syrian government that is supported by Iran. Don't be naïve people

Well now we will find out what Obamas red line means.  My guess is more talk &amp; lies!

See what you have done of siding the rebels. This is the result of supporting rebel to do violence than set in the table and talk. Done by Sunni Arab state that support rebel terrorists.

Al Qaida is so powerful that the super power is obeying...!

USA! Arming Terrorist Rebel Insurgents with Chemical Weapons will not save lives!

Who could supply the terrorists with chemical weapons? You guessed it,Israel did for sure.

rebels???  These animals are terrorists &amp; we help and support them!!!

Sensual body rubs at_____bubida.....search it.Sensual body rubs at_____bubida.....search it.

interesting, Syrian government says, if we had chemical weapons we would not used them based on humanitarian grounds, whats with the word, if, a humanitarian country does not possess chemical weapons, so the statement should have been, we do not, do not have chemical weapons and therefore cannot use them, bunch of liars, new speak from 1984

Terrible journalism....Chemical weapons were already used by Syrian forces back in January! A bit late to the table with this one!

The criminal Western countries are behind it. Who else!?

The rebels have a new leader. He's an American Texan. The names Mr Hitto. He's a well educated man. Lived in Texas for decades then moved to Turkey from Texas just to help Syria. Now he's 'Interim Prime Minister' of all Syrian Opposition. Go Hitto! Go SNC! Go FSA!A massive win for America! Best of luck my American comrade!