"We raise your 5 year notes from 2.5% to 4.5%.   This new relationship!"

Even China doesn't like North Korea. How times have changed.

Profit for the corporate rulers, people! Get a clue. The bottom line is all that matters.

Its a game of deception lies and distortion. All games for the world leaders.BRING ALL OUR TROOPS HOME NOW

Does Rodman know about this?

The new NWO

Does a bow tie count

He is right and America should also bring it`s companies back home and employ Americans.

Really ? N korea is going crazy with weapons so now they seek a  different ties  with the US to fight their wars

When is Rodmans trip to China?

That could mean almost anything much like the "hope and change".Since the Mandiant report appeared, the "Comment Crew" or Shanghai Group" have kept a low profile in the Yahoo comments section. It's easy to draw the obvious conclusion from their silence.

Get rid of the corruption and announce when elections will occur and then you will be saying something.

China says, just what are you round-eyes whining about, we Chinese are following almost everything your Prez CLINTON put in the agreement, (which means next to nothing), thanks, stupid round-eyes! PS Clinton and Gore WILL make millions in thank-yous from the US ceos.

Does Rodman know about this?

yea, war of words to war of fists

It's an old Jedi mind trick: Keep buying our stuff, keep borrowing our money, and stop seeing us as the threat we are. Now move along...

The only common denominator is profit. The chinese want their share. The elite will work it out for themselves and the lower classes will suffer.

Thats right!In translation from Chinese, that means---No more robbing...  Just stealing.No espionage...  Only raiding of corporate hard drives.No more copying software, film, and music....  Easier to buy it from N. Korea.No more lying on corporate spreadsheets....  Just inadvertant errors.And most important, no more flooding of our markets with cheap, shoddy,goods, underpriced and meant to put our workers OUT of work......Just doing our best to own the market.

China stops hacking and we'll stop the war of words, simple.

as obama now has "the flexibility" to do things after the election as he noted to russia's medved last year; so has he now the same flexibility to make deals with china.  and it is only reasonable to believe that as he sells us out to the russin's so shall he sell our interests to the chinese. after all, they hold the iou's.The Chinese have a long history of stealing technology wherever they can.  So what you are reading is just more blah, blah, blah

Chinese government = DogU.S. government = PonyLet the show begin.

The LAST true Chinese invention was the invention of GUNPOWDER....in the SIXTH CENTURY!

then crack down on that department that did it if your so sorry or not so guilty. and not to have a hacker get traced to your shores. your jsut sorry you got cought.

English translation of the Chinese speech. New relations simply means, don't impose tariffs on our mediocre goods or we'll stop supporting your economy with loans. As for this cyber mumbo jumbo; we're just doing scientific research like the Japanese do with whales. And, just as a side note; that spiffy new super fast cargo ship we launched a couple of years ago, it can hold a complete division of troops and all the equipment and material it requires and we can land it anywhere on your coast in two days time.

The Japanese will put the PAIN on China, just like they did in World War 2.The Chinese FEAR them. They act like a giant spoiled child.  Lies, theft, taunts.Sooner or later they will require a good spanking.

Ties to bind the workers to the grindstone.

For those who talk bad about China, remember it is the government that causes the problem both here in America and China. The people of China are just like us. They want a quiet life and raise their families like we do. So, stop blaming the people.

Oh boy!!

I miss the Mao jacket.You want good relations with the US? Tell North Korea to get their act together or you will join with the rest of us to kick their #$%$.

obozo is out of touch,... When is Rodmans trip to China?

Maybe they are worried that their wacko friends in North Korea will cut into the profits they are making in the US?

The Chinese people don't believe what their government says so why should American people believe it?

yes the new relationship is that of Master Slave. You guess who is master and who is slave.

pledging to work with obama. already done more than the republicans who seems to not want to work with anybody except republicans.how sad is that

These guys wouldn't tell the truth if you were putting bamboo chutes under their finger nails.

##41202.03/17/13China, U.S. should stop war of words on hacking, says new Chinese premierWords are exchanged, in currency of the timeWherein not talking some consider crime,But war is going on still, this despiteAnd while words may possess a certain biteThe missile missive but continues climb.Intent some are, if is not everyoneIn learning what have others tried or doneAnd trusting others to play the game fairHas the full backing of loads of hot airWhile hackers serve to see some wars are won.

no foreigner should be allowed to by our debt. That money is worthless to them unless it is traded for a product or service. those trillions of dollars could have been putting Americans to work instead of making the American worker a debt slave.don't be a slavereject D&amp;Rand put Americans too work instead of making the powerful richer.

I live in China, have for the past 3 years and my wife is also Chinese..and if its one issue that causes the most problems in my new life here, its that most Chinese will LIE ABOUT EVERYTHING and not think twice about it. Lying is so ingrained into the culture here that when a person speaks, you tend to not even listen to what they do say and focus on what they DON"T say. Cheating, stealing, deception and as mentioned lying are considered to be a way of getting ahead here, and when you don't call them on a lie they actually believe they have one upped on you. Obama is finally doing the right thing, calling them out and making them lose face ~ its the only way to resolve these and many more issues.Imagine a real war China vs. US. How ugly that would be. Uncle Mao and Uncle Sam, please play nice with each other.

He is right. STOP the war of words, and employ military options. ALL of them

I wonder if this includes China cracking down on the massive theft of US IPR, outragous tarriffs on imported products to protect Chinese companies, government involvement with corporate espianage and theft(lets not forget that most chinese government agencies have been found using bootlegged versions of windows), unfair pricing policies on natural resources, its inability to control its allies, its long running policy of currency manipulation, its hidden military budget, its agressive actions in the pacific or its long running policy of supporting opression and brutal regimes throughout Africa. I would guess not.

One might consider rethinking if one thinks China needs the USA. China only needs to stay a member of the WTO and trade is open. All else is moot.

Don't believe a word of it.  If you do you are stupid.

I AGREE!......as soon as China STOPS hacking in the USA!

People...can you stop to think for once? What would we be saying if the Chinese complained about the fact that Obama is a liar? What would we say if the Chinese called in all of the loans that the US has with them These "tyrannical pigs" own half of the country. We're into them for trillions of dollars!!!!! Think people. get out of the bubble, reality is out there if you take the time to look for it.

Who would want to hack a military cheat

How are any products made in china getting past our inspectors...they are all contaminated!

Yada yada yada!  Nothing here!Groundless accusations?   Really?

I think both China and the USA would benefit by maintaining an atmoshere of friendship and respect.  China has advanced rapidly and they look at us as a role model, a rival, and a friend.  They are growing increasingly powerful, but not arrogant as they were when they were a much weaker nation.  They are privately pressuring North Korea to clean up its act.  Developing a strong friendly relationship with China should be a top priority of American foreign policy.

washington boycott the goodies china made for sale in the u.s.a.

maybe china should stop hacking the US then...

Obama foreign relations are the worst of any prez in history. Canada, France, Europe are on his #$%$ list, while he sucks up to Muslim extremist countries. I wouldn't count on any improvement with Asian ties until we get rid of the idiots running this country.

If China truly wanted better relations they'd be well advised to stop the hacking and claiming that half the Pacific is theirs!

I agree, quit talking about it and just do something, they will never admit it, so just hack them back, and inprove our security, if not China, others will try.

China should be hacking Iran and Russia instead.

What kind of tie do they want? There is the bowtie, necktie, and the ascot. Just don't make the noose too tight, they cause a neck rash.

Dr. Xi and Dr. Li will see China re-rise over the top and oversee another modern Rome demise.Why do these Chinese deny everything, even if they are caught red-handed? China became rich economically by Industrial espionage and stealing Western Technology and copying and duplicatng them and selling them cheaply to the whole world. Of course poor quality.

Catch em and hang em, just like a horse thief.

New CCP Premier shows its STUPIDITY on day one!!   Off to a great start EVIL CCP!

►►► The accusations are NOT groundless. There is quite a bit of evidence that China is involved in hacking U.S. businesses and government. If the hacking by China will stop, the "war of words" will stop. It's just that simple.

Americans should stop buying chinese goods..the chinese people are living a pollution nightmare!

we should stop hacking each other

China tells US to stop the war of words and does exactly opposite. China should never be trusted.

Li said " sensed the presumption of guilt" as his last word on this freaking AP reporter and through the live broadcast, all the other media laughed , hope he will take that as compliment for phrasind in such stupid question !

Blow it out your axs #$%$!  It has already been uncovered it is your military doing it, so denying it shows just how full of sht you are!

Nobody seems to understand the trade gap between China and US is because the US won't sell any type of technology or weapons related product to China. If the US would start to do this...the trade deficit would be reversed, millions of high pay jobs created in the US, the debt to China erased, and the Nat'l debt reduced.He wants to exchange commie ideas with Obama.

China= BS Liars, as usual.

I doubt China has any good intentions for America. We are in debt to them.like credit cards and loan companys , they loaned more than we could pay back and knew it.. We can't surrender America to them. their rule is do as we say and believe as we say ,or get your head removed from your body.they are not known to be very humain people.  Sadly Americas Justice people aren't either. Not for American born. Holder saying he has no respect for the leaders of America, that found him in contempt  he says he doesn't care about  them. No respect. These is not good and tells out enemies America is weak now and divided . He should show respect for the laws and not be mean about whose trying to enforce them and hold him to our lawsHe has spat on American laws and the sets that  enforce  rules to be obeyed by elected.he said he isn't worried about them. This only divides us more.he thinks more of his self than the good of America.he said it not me. This behavior shows he has also bad intentions for Americas future.it'd the old me .me thing. Who will pay .not me

Here it comes people, thsi is the beginning of the NWO one world government.

just like an earlier comment, lying is big in the chinese culture

Its about time we take a new look at forging a positive relationship with China.  We were allies in WW2, look at the relationships we have with former WW2 enemies Germany, Japan, and Italy.

'Stop catching us, lound eye bastahds! Stop accusing us of what you catch us doing!' 'How we be flends if you no let us skroo you? You lookie other way!' 'Trust us.'

yeah, china is looking forward to  stealing more from america!

He's right - has the US denied that they were hacking the Chinese?Of course not - everyone's hacking each other..

Obooboo the Messiah is history. and CHICOMs will always be CHICOMsNew words for CHINA? PH-_____ (rhymes with duck) CHINA!

CHINA = B.S + THIEF + LIAR.

Hope the idiot doesn't bow down to this one. If you know I mean!

Li Keqiang, "America was defeated by one man who fought and lived in the mountains, with little resources but with an exceptional brain and will power, Mr. Osama Bin Laden who was like Mao Tse Tung."  His plan to drain the financial resources of the Americans dry worked, and we the Chinese people benefited from this.  You can borrow from us, but now you meet your match.  The largest industrial nation with a population of 1/4 of the world, the largest military on the planet.  Your time is coming to an end."  "Follow your weak leader, and watch us defeat him and you."

China is not a world power.  Their military is still way behind the super power countries (even Israel).  Their ecomic power is in population numbers and cheap labor, not in goods and services.  China is a major manipulator of currency, major pollution creator and leader in military use of cyberspying for commercial purposes.  Now, China wants to elevate itself to our level.  Please.

Let him prove his commitment - you nuke Two-Chin Kim in North Korea.

Bull--sh-t  dont believe it.  USA stand firm...china is only buying time --softening up the USA--it is preparing its defenses and arsenal while there is "peace" and quietness...it is preparing its squeeze on Taiwan, confrontation with Japan, fostering North Korea, and for war with the USA.   STAND FIRM.. DO NOT STAND DOWN!!!

#$%$ off the Chinese is NOT a good idea especially when they own most of our debt!!

US BS.

Li Keqiang, "American system is slow, when someone in China commits a crime he dies on the same day.  This is the same way we will end the American Empire, quick and victorious."america had been printing non stop their money- devaluation -causing bubble around the world and inflation rate rise up.america should realised - america product does not doing well because it has low quality .not because their product is too expensive.

China has the world’s 2nd largest economy and they are capable of the same technologies of rest of the developed nations but the WTO still calls them undeveloped just so US corporations can continue to manufacture products without any environmental or labor laws

Li Keqiang, "We come to your country to learn and to bring back to China all your technological secrets, we come to make connections with the Asian community for future projects, and we recruit your people who have given up because your leadership is incompetent.  You are no match to us, your light is starting to go out in the world, and will end soon."

Li Keqiang, "Emperor Nero and Caligula caused the fall of the Roman Empire, Mr. Obama caused the fall of the American Empire."  "Why?  Because he couldn't stop us, his country was broke."

Li Keqiang, "We will make Mr. Obama's country into Chinese Fried Rice.  Learn now to Kowtow to us, you imperialist dogs."

AND tell the u.s to stop manipulating it's currency!!

Li Keqiang first order of business with obama administration should be to tell them to stop interfering in Chinese related matters such as the chinese province of taiwan!! Removal of u.s bases and all u.s military and goverment officals off chinese soil which is in taiwan. Stop the selling of weapons and brainwashing of the taiwanese islanders!!  STOP Threatning the mainland with spy aircraft and then running like cowards when detected!! (SOMETHING needs to be done about this so when it is trying to return to taiwan or japan it is destroyed possibly using high energy lasers as they are quick accurate and very deadly!) Stop selling FASCIST weapons and provoking military confrontation with propaganda drills!! Stop building up military bases in austraila to start a future confrontation against THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA!! Stop provoking confrontation in the region by continuously violating the waters of china and other international water ways and trade routes in the region!! STOP cyber attacks against Chinese military, chinese busineses  in china and america and throughout the world!! APOLOGIZE for the april 2001 spy plane incident in which u.s spies willingly hit a chinese fighter plane and killed the pilot!! AND pay reparations to the victims family and pay for the destroyed aircraft!! Apologize for intentionally murdering chinese in a missile attack on the chinese embassy and purposely and willful destruction of chinese state property in the 1998 bombing on kosovo. THESE are some great beginners!!

If you believe whatever China's new premier's claim,you are a decidedly delusional nutcase.He just said whatever you like to hear to masquerade his real intention,so he could pull punches later on behind your face.Just watch out!

I hope the Chinese Premier is sincere . If not the last time a leader took on the world he and his #$%$ got their #$%$ kicked. So don't fu-- with the world. You can't win

Say, "Have you considered: if Allah should make for you the night continuous until the Day of Resurrection, what deity other than Allah could bring you light? Then will you not hear?"Say, "Have you considered: if Allah should make for you the day continuous until the Day of Resurrection, what deity other than Allah could bring you a night in which you may rest? Then will you not see?"Li Keqiang OR Xi JingPig = Same OLD #$%$

Communist China treats its people like dirt, stabs its allies such as communist Vietnam, and former Soviet. It is here to destroy this country so get rid of them before we start doing any business with them.

The Premier is worried that even the clueless are starting to find out what China has been doing. If Americans don't talk about the problems the US gov't wont do anything about the problem.

Talk!

Talk!

Lew will also press Beijing to allow the Chinese currency to rise_____________________________________________________if you cannot compete with your competitor ,then be a real man quit the race.it is so funny to ask your competitor to raised his prices so that more customer would instead to choose to buy his product because it is much cheaper.

Li Keqiang, "We learned from our Asian friends the Japanese and South Koreans.  They brought technological goods into their country, studied them, copied them, improved them for example watches, cars, televisions, radio, appliances, military hardware and more.  We learned from them and we are doing the same.  Soon we will surpass and bury you."  The American Empire is falling down.

Li Keqiang, "It is good for China, Americans re-elected their weak colored leader.  It makes our job easier to take you over."

Strange that they won't investigate the Shanghai hackers (hacking is illegal in China).

Tit for tat. If they attack one in state attack back twice n people will outrage n govt will come to terms otherwise, never plea to china they are deaf..Li Keqiang, "Mr. Obama has sequestered his military.  They have no money to buy more weapons or develop new weapons, because we have all your money.  You are broke and scattered all over the world.  We don't need an all volunteer military with family, post exchange, commissary, movie theatre, bowling alley, hospital, schools, churches, homes, playgrounds, golf courses.  We draft and can mobilize over 20 million soldiers immediately.  You are bankrupt and we will bury you."

When I was a kid, I would try to change the subject when I was guilty of exactly what I was being accused of doing.  hmmmmmm

This comment is for vern fonk. You say americans should bring its companies back home and employ americans! Why can't americans go back to their own country england? I hear they have jobs and a economy their.

b4fgw78eg925fd v

If the Chinese want the discussion on hacking to stop, they should stop the hacking. My own web server which I depend on for income was attacked several times by the PLA so they could use it as an ftp relay server for files they had stolen elsewhere.

china is enforcing its cyber security, which undercuts US's cyber-hacks thus poses a threat to US cyber security.

It's very funny that the US govt complains bitterly about hacking by the chinese,when the US is leading player in world hacking and the only reason it is crying foul is because they are really threatened by the Chinese and all effort at cyber security is being foiled by the constant hacking with the consequent lose of vital information and secrets.

Sounds like someone's finally listening!

Ha! Must be those darn rascal kids again. Oh wait, the Chinese are hacking US cyberspace on MULTIPLE occasions!?! I guess as a US citizen I should be completely unconcerned, not in the least bit. I mean, Tiananmen Square was a friendly summer of love, nothing more... (I find this hacking perpetrated by the Chinese military to be EXTREMELY concerning!)

The reason why company online site are being hack is it's a game to our grown computer kid,  sort of hobbies of the challenge of hacking  a site and getting in and the excitement.It's not china, china has many movies hosting and storages sites that are conected to servers that is where they bouncy they traffic from And they use someone  wifi from 30-40 miles away..China should stop stealing our intellectual property and #$%$.

China = liars, bribes, spying, stealing. China go to hell...

"New type of relationship" with the US means "more love" for american but more hacking and photocopying activities for free. With all the countries (japan, vietnam, taiwan, malaysia, phillipine, ...)  around = you own me everything ... continue behaving like cancerous virus :-(

Li Keqiang, "I don't trust the lying American eagle, Mr. Obama."  We will pull it's feathers out one by one until it looks like a naked chicken, and cut off it's talons.  As the financial crisis weakens America, we will strike it down with a swift kick between it's legs.

Just a warning to the US, i don't mean to be rude but it's an old Mao tactics. The only reason they sided with the west against North Korea is most probably in exchange of technology, that is the 7th generation jet engines.

china is seeking new type of relation with usalet us rule the world together .

China has one goal at the moment and only one goal: To catch up with Japan and the USA!They will do whatever it takes to achieve that.

USA computer kid now grown up are  a couple hundred thousand strong hackers as hobbies. and add a couple million getting free wifi, even read 2600 the hacker magazine? Ton of tips on any hacking . I don't believe that online store is still selling a hacking router for 300 still. And now the long distance in 30-40 miles you can get wifi connection. The hacker use china online web site servers that hold rented movies storage, that where the china pin come from, and they hacking into a wifi router instead of home.

Here's how it goes...US companies, the government and the US military gets hacked, or is attempted to be hacked by the Chinese because...well...they are technologically advanced whereas the Chinese are still stuck in the Stone Age as far as their inventiveness is concerned. They can only copy and even then the result is a poor imitation at best. Everything the Chinese have from their *cough* 'space program' is either bought from the cash-strapped Russians or, yes...stolen. Their 'aircraft carrier' is a piece of refurbished Russian junk that was left rusting in the Ukraine, lol. Oh, and don't forget the stealth technology* that was gleaned from bits of that F117 that crashed somewhere over Eastern European airspace and was paid for by the Chinese agents who rushed over there to give large amounts of cash to the local farmers for the wreckage they collected.* Note that 10 years on that particular stealth technology is still the cause of widespread baldness due to intense and uncontrollable head-scratching on the part of the Chinese 'scientists' (aka: attempted-reverse engineers/plagiarists) who were assigned to examine it.The Chinese get hacked on a regular basis because their security is #$%$ compared to other, developed countries. These attacks are from 'clever' Africans who want to steal easily stolen secrets for their developing cesspools. These 'secrets' are what we in the West take for granted and learn in the first year of high school, ie: Basic Chemistry.The US hacks the Chinese only to find out how much information they stole, from who and when.And the Africans...well...no-one hacks them cos there's nothing worth stealing. On the other hand, if you gave some internet-connected PCs to a troop of chimpanzees I'm sure they'd see the opportunity...

china sell some military hardware to latin america, there already so much noise in congress about china posing a threat to america security.but america do not share the same concern when they are announcing their plan to pivot to asia with 60% ship  roaming around the south china sea and east china sea.their drone spying plane often peeping on china.U.S. owes 2 trillion dollars to China. Any China wants can sink U.S. by throwing out cheap American dollars in to the international monetary market. It is a good idea to do it.The U.S. should be finished before it hurts more countries and then restart again with a different governing system. It is much better for everybody (not the corporations!).

Do not be fooled for a second and have no doubt that the Usa's ultimate goal is to destroy or at least control China/Russia's Empire through controling the Worlds oil reserves.

i bet you that the americans have in a secret room all these phd educated people sitting down trying to think of what this statement means and how to approach it. you don't just take for granted what the masters of civilization tells you ...i wonder ...what could their plan be, that of the chinese!?!

so in other words ...we will nolonger #$%$ from behind in your behind....but winstead we will go straight for your mouths, while your head is turned sideways!

The last U.S. military "pivot towards Asia" didn't work out too well. If the US had invaded Hanoi, the PLA would have come south like a Tsunami, the way they did in Korea.

The beginning of the end for North Korea.....the most unstable element in the region.It's one thing to spew threats when "big brother" will support you.....quite another when he won't....

A "new type of relationship"?   Translated from double talk, that means "Leave us alone to do whatever we want in Asia and you can do whatever you want in the rest of the world."

This isn't the droid you're looking for.

We should all be very very happy that Chinese society does not have the same historic expansionist world domination views as the Japanese.  We would all be in very big trouble if they were.

This is pointless, what country does not employ some form of espionage? Of course China is probably hacking U.S agencies and corporations, the U.S is probably doing the same thing to a dozen more.This is pointless, what country does not employ some form of espionage? Of course China is probably hacking U.S agencies and corporations, the U.S is probably doing the same thing to a dozen more.

Hopeful comments from Chinese leaders about co operation,,,if they are sincere,we should respond and engage to counter the increasing worrisome tensions brewing between China ,Japan,and the increasingly threatening Korean skirmish.In history,in huindsight,the smaller conflcits that became wars could have been avoided...with both China and the West on the same side to reduce and prevent war,this bodes well for the future of Asia and the world.

they need the US to keep buying stuff

"Please stop this hacking back and forth, USA.  We're much better at it, so just give it up already.  Move on."Signed - Chairman Xi.

Very well said by ChinaUS was under the impression it could intimidate CHINAThen China came in a big way to "ASSAULT the  USA with cyber attack"Now US is complaining, whinning like a babyUS should use its time and money constructivelyUS has itself to blameIRAN brought down your DRONE because the US policing IRANIAN borderLearn your lessons SIR

The war of words about cyber hacking must end? NO the communist chinese cyber hacking must end.  = Never trust the communist chinese.

The Chinese snakes only play for time, they are well aware of certain technological deficiencies within their military capabilities but the Red Communist dragon is closely breathing at the neck of  Western democracies. Typical Chinese behavior is to play a subservient role but precisely at the moment when Red Beijing  will feel a superiority of power they will hit with all their might at the US and its allies and they will start the III. WW. You can bet on it. Stop the madness of cooperating with the Chinese.

"New type" of ties would probably include the kind of ties where the US pays its' bill.

I believe that China should exert maximum pressure on North Korea to cease and desist in all further nuclear ambitions. If there was another war in the Korean Peninsula, the west would surely win (this time around) and the result would be a "Unified Korea" with South Korean governance, this poses a huge problem with China, as they would have a US presence living next door. This is why we see a difference in China's attitude toward NK. It truly is in the best interest of China to work with the US in "overseeing" all developments within "our" world. The US needs to form a lasting alliance (bond if you wish) with China...to make things work the way we all envision.

Have we found WMDs in Iraq yet?Something I do not understand and I would appreciate if someone would educate me on the subject. Namely, in order to " hack" someone do they not need to be connected to the internet?  If this is so, why would the security forces such as Pentagon and the like , large companies  leave their computers connected to the world wide web if they could be hacked and high level information stolen?  DISCONNECT and that's the end of the hacking. Or at least be very selective of what and how you connect to the web. Enlighten me, if you would.

well, if you don't want them to complain about it, how about you stop doing it? the US is allowed to make as many accusations as it wants you communist, tyrannical pig. only a communist or totalitarian government would complain about another country freely expressing itself to the international community.

How about you being honest for a change? That would be new

This is most encouraging to hear and something we should be all over. New deals with Russia and China to make the world safer. With China on side Russia will come along and the three of them can contain Iran and NK. We do need a new world order which means all three super powers staying out of other countrys' business. Working together to make the world safer and better for our children.

This ``elect me2016`` real monkey also starts  a lie over a lie ,lord what a world look at the picture its real live monkey,  jumping from one branch to the other scratchin his rear and front in vain.....

they have catch up already, of course, no need to steal thru cyber as much as before.

China's Economy has dropped the last quarter,They are concerned and thats why they areopen for compromise now.

"Stupid is as stupid does." So many ignorant people posting tonight. Reuters reported, about 18 months ago, that the National Security Agency employs more hackers than any other countries in the world combined. And, some of you stupid people still think that US don't do any of the hacking? We accuse China of hacking when we do it ourselves. How hypocritical.

The label MADE IN CHINA should be stopped.

It's the ISRAELI and RUSSIAN who are doing this against the USA so China can be blamed.ISRAELI and RUSSIANS are World and Most Dangerous Cyber and Hackers to the USA National Security because the ISRAELI have infiltrated the CIA.Wake UP USA the ISRAELI are hoodwinking . ISRAEL hates the USA as well as CZAR Putin .The US should do more hacking. We should hack all the chinese companies, banks, and then release all information about their leaders on the internet so the chinese people can see how the communist pigs get rich. Do this and I bet all the chinese hacking will stop when they are attacked back

I love how people here are quick to jump to the defence of the US government when the issue is related to China, yet bash the US government when it comes to domestic issues. Admit it, you guys hate the Chinese government because of their political ideals and they will always be the scapegoat for anything bad that happens to us North Americans.

typical Chinese lies and BS...

Bring business back to US. Wal-Mart would cry itself  to death then.Few guys at the top get rich at the cost of the rest of American people. Corporate greed of a few. This is where we are today. China's turned their own country into hazardous dump/environment. Robbing off US companies, stealing technology

I like how everyone blames the government for their problems. The government is there to give you what you ask for . You asked for all these problems so it is the people's fault not the government. High unemployment so lets make it higher by having more babies. Billionaires getting richer I wonder why? Because you idiots keep buying from them. Poverty why you ask? Because you over populate the world demand high wages but want to pay low taxes. But you want roads built you want cheap or free health care. Oh yah and you sue over everything. You want gas for your cars and trucks and elec. but don't care about enviro. you just want it at any cost. You bully people around the world to get what you want and if they won't give it to you. You will start a war to get it but that costs you trillions of dollars because you can never win a war you loose them all. You people in america are brain washed even worse then the people in N.K. You got what you asked for now deal with it you bunch of fukcin losers.

When I get email notifications about people hacking into my facebook and yahoo accounts, they are from India, not China. Just saying.

you're the premier, so shut up..  The new president seems to be more thoughtful and smart

In communist China football kick YOU!

I remember being lied to by US government about WMDs in Iraq.   So I don't believe everything US government tell us.

If China wants peace, then it should also look into dealing with the threats of the US mercenary called Black Water. The same crooks who killed innocent Iraqi civilians are now the mercenaries with immunity since they happens to be based out of USA.Their suspected involvement in Jordan with Islamic Jihad Apes should be taken serious by all nations across the Globe.Eiji, youare crepe knuckle head!! What bush did, what romney the faker, most dishonest now cleaning the 47 bathrooms and rooms of marriyattes, the mccain the maconalds fries frier, and rumsy, and dickys...bloody liers by birth to the world and to their own nation by creating 9é11in the beautiful  country  united states of america who have defamed  not only you but the the united states of america at large, you idiot ...!!!! Eiji think , look before you leap...see your back, look at your own godowns ...they stink with filth, lies, and malice from your repubs""""

This is bad news for the defense industry.

North Korea has just found out that the old adage applies to the US and China -- 'then enemy of my enemy is my friend"

no more internet to stop hacking

Then stop hacking you clowns (Chinese), IP addresses are traceable stupids. Gawd, the nerve!

Be very careful Mr. Obama those new ties could be to hog tie the US and gain even more control over the US than they have now.

China can KISS MY Type2 Diabetes inflamed Butt....they'll be SORRY when we stop selling them $Trillion of debt and halt exports of RCA TV rabbit ears and Chevy Chevettes

n. korea is prolly behind the hacking

If China was any good it would invade North Korea and end that problem once and for all.

Instead of complaining about it the US should invest in a hacking unit and train soldiers to infiltrate other countries computer networks.I like how Jack Lew will press for better access to sell american goods there  but back in their own country they want less imports and more american made. U.S. can go #$%$ themselves. They are the most hated country in the world. Nothing but a bunch of murderers. They enjoy killing women and children in other countries when it comes to oil.

american companies are making far too much money in china.  tax them to death and use the tax revenue wisely.

sounds like the stuff you say when you get inaugerated. It's all #$%$ though because no way a nation with over 1 billion people will allow itself to get run over by a nation with a third that amount of people. Plus the Chinese realise the US will accept nothing less than a lead role in Asia-Pacific politics. The US undoubtingly hacks into Chinese gov't computers as well as use spies on China. The 2 countries are competing for power on the world stage. What do you expect.

Li is a Li ar.  Can we believe him?  After selling out his friends in the Tiananmen Square incident, he changed side and joined the CCP.

new type of zip ties on those hands  perhaps ?

Premiere Li is also a lawyer  with a doctorate degree in economics and he talks sense. in trying to promote a closer relationship with the USA  at the onset of his term. However actions speak louder than words.  Let's wait and see.

I hope Kerry likes its so much in China, he decides to move there...

"We are entering an era of Technology and everyone wants a peaceful, tolerant, multicultural world that will prosper from Science. Yet, there are still people who still want theocracy and monocultralism. For the first time in the history of mankind, we are at a standpoint where we can commit planetary suicide through nuclear and viral warfare. What road will we end up in?"- Dr. Michio Kaku

Well then Li fix your broken "great firewall" of China that your government touted as flawless. They know whats going on. My IT's internet facing operations call it a quiet day when we only get 200k-300k intrusion attempts a DAY of those easily 60% from China. The IPs are often registerd to Bejing Univeristy Technical College which is operated by the munincipal govt of Bejing. If its not them its usually Chinanet Unicom, created by the national govt. Contacting their abuse departments is futile when they never respond. Of all the ISPs that are in China why are the state run places the primary offenders? Want evidence Li? I hope you have a lot of hard drives. All they do is the same 20-30 exploit attempts over and over going sequentially through our IP addresses trying to find a sucker. About every couple months we get a lot of repairs or re-audit jobs because the bulk of the IT industry is kept incompetent because IT gets the table s#$%$s in the company budget and nothing gets patched fast enough. This #$%$ wastes more bandwidth, time, and money than spam. You would #$%$ yourself if you saw the costs in meterered bandwidth at the telco level thats just in hack attacks. Ive spent almost 20 years of my life to help bring this awesome technology to the masses. Seeing how its turned out isnt as surprising as it is disappointing.

Hungry Pig is always want China neighbors food.Look at Pig tongue map,please.Right. time for action against the Chinese techno-terrorists.

Stupid donkeys trust hungry Pig only !!!Do you think Chinese people trust hungry Pig ?????

You did start first so keep on....,hungry Pig.

I do think that the new Chinese President is 100% right that they and the US should stop their accusations towards each other and not relay indiendo unless they can physically prove such things are actually happening by what-ever party that is accusing of the other etc. It could very well be someone else and the someone else could very well be the ones that may make it look as another party otherthan themselves that is doing the hacking etc which this whole thing is a very dangerous thing to do for all parties concerned etc, which also would only make matters for all concerned much worse than better.Big Mouths' Do Sink Big Ships and it does not really matter who is handing out the Bull because it does affect everyone. Better to be shure than sorry!Half trueths if that, does not solve anything which is how most media write and do their so called versions of selling their wierd kinds of news which is filled with more half trueths or less than truths which in the end leaves mass confusing of what is real and what is not!.

People are more than enough fed up with Politicians of all kinds and sources and countries and do not want to hear their Bull and are only interested in facts and trueths so as they can have an even playing field to be able to come to a rightful decision of what they believe is true and as to what is not etc, so that they can make sound judgements with their decisions of what they do make with the lies and amounts of mis-informations etc.

The US does have the technology to wage cyber warfare.  We just haven't used it yet.  Once we have decided to strike back, they will be sorry.  Just remember Pearl Harbor.

Yes,  Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, North Korea, lets see how meny bears we can kick at once.  These times are getting scary.  Are the kicks un grounded?  who knows?  there is so much propaganda out there, they could be, they could be fabricated...or just twisted....There is a huge mess a brewing.

stupid americans .. u got too much dumb people that's why u keep saying such nonesense on China. if u want a war just go ahead.. the jinx not gonna scare of you anymore so shut up..

China and the US should stop this war of words and the Chinese should stop hacking us.

We all know that any hacker can just re-route the service through China. Our media made the Great Firewall as some sort impenetrable wall, to trick the public into believing that anything coming from the inside is surely the work of Chinese gov. But the fact is, any study-abroad student in China bypass the firewall with a simple VPN.  But hey, people believe it. That's what it matters.well said TonyG --I agree completely

The US should hack back. Hacking wars!!

Right, we should hack the hell out of them.

What he's really saying is Fk you Americans ....lets see you do something about it......let's see if anonymous is busy. That would be funny.

We want to steal and copy your democracy too, but we know it's fake and a propaganda to slaughter other races around the world.

lol #$%$ you China!

"I think we should stop making groundless accusations against each other" tracing the source of hacking, depending on how much of an amateur hacker you are, is not hard, especially pinpointing the country of origin, groundless is the biggest load of bull

I think its time for some good old Anerican know how, we need to build an in house ( USA ) system  that can not be hacked, I think it can be done. leave the old system in place and let the rest of the world hack the #$%$ out of it.

probably college students hacking...

I cant believe he said that with a straight face!Like it or not. He is right.

Well, you know the Chinese wouldn't lie about a thing like this. Huh?

You've got to be serious. The People's Liberation Army's Shanghai-based Unit 61398 is behind these attacks that have affected everyone from Silicon Valley corporations to the Federal Government. These aren't "groundless accusations", there's more than enough evidence that points to daily hacking from China that has cost the US hundreds of millions of dollars worth of secret information, don't believe me? then pick up an issue of the Economist, they did their homework

Where's a guy to throw a shoe at him when you need one eh? How about they focus on their smog and pollution problems..

As they say in China: "If you lay with dogs, you will get fleas".

We should give the new President of China an opportunity to work on things. After all, he only took office a few days ago and his legacy is yet to be determined. The facts are that we need China - and they need the United States in order to continue moving their own and the global economy in the right direction. International trade relationships will continue to be the engine driving the train, and in order to enjoy continuing prosperity the United States must form partnerships with all of the economic powerhouses, and that certainly includes China.

maybe they're teaching hacking 101 at china university

obama is a chicken and wont do anything besides begging the chinese to stop hacking the US. obama is afraid china wont loan him more money for his spending spree

Mr. Chinese Premier,We know that China wants a peaceful relationship, butWesterners are known to be barbaric!They are born to kill and wreck havoc!

There are just way to many Chinese.)China's quality has improved the past 15 yrsbecause of corporations quality control with contracts withChina. Thats why they have become a big threat,People around the worldrealize the quality is ok(

yes baby. i got the hot for you. let have #$%$. i love you american long time hot dog with ketcup and wild mustard.....so yummy

It may be he learned about how to improve china

It's not an accusation if you have hard undisputed evidence. The squints need to do a better job at covering their a[zz].

It is time to slam the door on China.  Our borders should be closed to their business period.   We shoud not allow any trade coming or going  until they clean up their act.  Human rights and deplorable environmental practices must be cleaned up.  They are to blame for the world economic problems. They are spying on everybody and even making their own rules in our country for employment practices. Close the door now or fight them within 10 years  are the two options we face regarding China.

F.u China govt.. You are more bully than US towards small surounding countries  and your policy is beyond description of brutality. You are communist and ,yet, side with the rich to suppress under-dog citizens' voice. No regime is perfect but communism is the worst.

I think that china is just smarter than white people. Most people from across the water are.