Jesus was carpenter who never cared of fashionable way of dressing, or dining. His life was focused on more important matters like caring for the poor and healing for the sick. He showed a great example of a leader.

Every group has a treasurer... This was a group of jesus with the chosen twelve apostles and others. So thats a group of at least 13.

A man of the people it appears.

Im not catholic but it seems to me that this new Pope is a down to earth guy! I already admire him for actually reaching to the people and actually mingleing with them. Way to go Pope Francis! New ideas may be what the cathlic religion really needs and get out of the 16th century.

I guess this is more evidence of His Humbleness' humility and simplicity.  This goes a long way in giving credence to his desire to be a poor church that works for the poor.  St. Francis of A would be so proud.

So far, I'm impressed.  I'm not Catholic, but he seems to be well grounded.  We could sure use some of that in leadership around the world.  Bless him and I hope he does well.

I like the guy ( Pope Francis ). John Paul 2 would be a hard act to follow i always thought. Never exspected to see anyone even approaching his charisma...this guy just may and then some.

Pope Francis almost looks shy -- I love it!

This is just more proof of this lovely man's simplicity and humility. What a beautiful example for ALL Christians to follow...not just Catholics.

Well, the Catholic haters are out in full force again.  :::::: heavy sigh :::::: If only they would learn from a man like this instead of spewing their unfounded hatred.

Picture, please.Pope Francis provides a great example of a humble simple man. His concern and ministry for the poor is inspiring. Many in the US (and the world for that matter) would do well to see the state of life for those Pope Francis has reached out to in Argentina. There are few in the US for sure who are truly poor in comparison to the poor in third world countries.Let's focus on the many blessings we all enjoy while working to lift up those who need our help rather than lamenting what we don't have among the riches in our own lives.

Pope Francis appears to be enjoying his position and seems personable!  So far, I really like what I see and hear!  I pray for his safety.  He seems to enjoy people and that could become a safety issue for this dear man.  I'm anxious for him to start rebuilding the Church!  It will be interesting to see what his plan of action is!  I love his simplicity!

Using a gold-plated ring is quite a departure from the norm.  Remember that massive thing Benedict wore?

simple?  as opposed to what?

Why won't the Pope just come out and say that the sins the church has been apart of is influenced by the devil? So far Francis has been doing some great things but there is way more to be done. Once he has condoned the church for the sins it has commited, and abandon Mary worship, then spread the truth of the Gospel as it is written will it begin to heal.

the holy trinity is not Jesus, Mary and Joseph.................it is the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit!

I like but, but why do popes need coat of arms anyway? Are they kings?

Wow big PR job on the new Pope. Hope he will do some thing worthy of his fans excitement! He should ban all the molesters from the church. Forgiveness should come AFTER the plunishment!

Everyday I like this Pope MORE AND MORE.This one MAY just make a difference, GOD I HOPE SO.

Beautiful Photo!  Displays great friendship!The ring and coat of arms is a tradition going back centuries !

Pope Francis sets a good example for all of us. How can we live more simple less cluttered lives and then use our resources to help those in need around us...near or far.

SO What do you think they are thinking about each other in that picture?

How symbolic that she chose black knowing that he wears white. She must wear that to funerals, too.

I haven't experienced such a surge of hope for the RC church in a long time.I really hope that Pope Francis knows that the People of God are praying for him.

"Each pope picks his own ring, which will be destroyed at the end of his papacy.According to Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi, the ring was one of several offered to Francis. Fashioned in the 1960s by Italian goldsmith Enrico Manfrini, it was offered to Paul VI through his private secretary. Lombardi said it is not known if the pope ever used it. Paul VI presided over the second half of Vatican II, the 1962-65 meetings that paved the way for the liturgy to be celebrated in the vernacular rather than Latin and revolutionized the church's relations with Jews."I hope they make an exception and preserve this ring after Francis's papacy. It is historic in more than one way.Long Live Pope Francis

A curious thing happened when he was announced.  The American media were quick to announce his Italian background right after saying he was Argentinian.  Why is it that when someone gets an important role as this, they quickly point to his European roots.  Let it go, most Latin Americans have European roots, but they identify as Latin Americans...nothing more.

If he were a German born in Argentina instead of an Italian born in Argentina would the press still be calling him a Latino?

"Coat of Arms $"

People need to stop this hatred and judgement on the new pope. Seriously, who are you to judge and say that this man is worse than you? Don't you know anything about what Jesus taught and showed people through his example?Peter was NEVER the first pope. Constantinople's son was the first pope. the catholic church did not begin till the 3rd/4th century. Peter the Apostle was married, as evidenced in the Bible by Jesus healing his "mother-in-law", but then very few people calling themselves Christian ever "study" to show themselves approved. 2 Timothy 2:15Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needs not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.

This Pope's actions remind me of the movie " The Fisherman's Shoes " where Anthony Quinn played a very humble and down-to-earth Pope. I'm glad Pope Francis 'll be following St. Francis of Assisi's example.

I like the new Pope. He seems to be the people's Pope.

Just more of the Novus Ordo, and promotion of the False Church of the 60sVatican II

This is the only dude in the universe I'd do confession to. God bliss him and long live the Pope King!

When they offered him the fancy red cape for his introduction, he said,"You wear it. The carnival is over."I'm liking this Pope Francis.

Yesterday, NBC News did a piece on Bergoglio and his close connection to the murderous Argentine dictator while Bergoglio was a major player in the Argentine church.  Bergoglio and other priests actually "blessed" the torture chambers used by the junta. Sounds crazy, but it's true!

OK fine---now what is he going to do about all the Pedophiles in the Church and the MONEY LAUNDERING by the Vatican Bank ETC.........................................................

Pope Boniface VIII stated in the Papal Bull " Unam Sanctum" that the Pope is the divinely appointed head of Christendom and that no soul can be saved unless he submit to the Roman Pope. Ok Catholics, tell me I'm wrong once again. LOL !

This man's job is a fraud. It's amazing that in this day and age of science and understanding, we still have the ignorance of religion.He gave up the posh gold cross, now the ring, paid his bills, ministers to commoners, did he give up the red designer shoes? If he does all this, maybe Washington will take the example of doing without for the good of everyone, and stop all the spending, expensive trips, and other perks while people lose their homes, can't find jobs, while retired people like me who pay over the moon on taxes, huge fees for medicare which is set to go bust soon, and still can't get my dental implanted tooth now for five years and counting.

The first pope was emperor Constantine every one knows that

My god it must take a trowel to slather that much makeup on Fernandez' ugly mug. Argentina could balance their budget cutting that alone. But then the upper echelons of "revolutionary" governments always make sure they're were well cared for.

Gold plated ring? Something less and he would have to go get it from a flea market.  Sounds good to me.  God Bless Pope Francis.

What is the Pope's position on that apparently self-serving remark made today by the South African cardinal that pedophilia is not a crime, but an illness? It's both, and let the pedophiles get treatment in the joint. Pope, what do you say?

sun worshipper.

Next movie:  Woody Allen in the Vatican.

....little heavy on the eyeliner ...not Frank ... the dame .....

The Argentine President is there?...Pope Francis has been battling these POLITICAL GOONS for Decades already.....

The origin of the Catholic Church is the tragic compromise of Christianity with the pagan religions that surrounded it. Instead of proclaiming the gospel and converting the pagans, the Catholic Church “Christianized” the pagan religions, and “paganized” Christianity. By blurring the differences and erasing the distinctions, yes, the Catholic Church made itself attractive to the people of the Roman Empire. One result was the Catholic Church becoming the supreme religion in the “Roman world” for centuries. However, another result was the most dominant form of Christianity apostatizing from the true gospel of Jesus Christ and the true proclamation of God’s Word.A coat of arms?  Don't coats usually have arms?

Pope Francis calls for love, mercy, forgiveness, understanding and tolerance of all faiths -- Asking those gathered at the Vatican to pray for him in silence, in their own chosen way; and offering a group of the public and news reporters from around the world a "blessing" given to them by silent prayer from Pope Francis in recognition that not everyone in the gathering is of the Catholic faith. This is a BIG improvement over the arrogant "my God - and my Jesus are better than your God and faith" that is par for how most Catholics operate. It is what churches of many faiths are doing that is turning many away from GOD because they see it causes wars and people of one faith to fight with people of another faith. So in the name of GOD -- the one and only above us, within us and among us -- pray for unity &amp; peace among all people. It begins and ends with LOVE.

Is that guy in the photo actually Jay Leno?

Too many haters in this world today..........what ever happened to "live and let live?"

She's giving the free-mason, secret society, Lucifarian worshiping hand-shake. Index finger extends to the wrist. But don't tell anyone~

All of this "man of the people" stuff for Pope Francis seems like a bunch of b.s.  Instead of getting a young, inspiring leader who could take the church in a new direction they get someone who espouses EXACTLY the same beliefs as the previous pope, but looks better doing it in front of a camera.  The church leaders are just like the Pharisees Jesus was rebelling against, more interested in following arcane rules than following Jesus's ideas of love and peace.

why does he need a ring and a coat of arms.......Did jesus and Peter have those things?

And when these so called catholic haters get sick, they go to a catholic hospital, or call catholic charities. And you know what? The church will be right there to help. That my friends is the love of christ.

Vatican II was the down fall of The Church. Mass became like a lutheran church service and the you're ok I'm ok idea PC #$%$ started.

According to Mathew, many graves were emptied with the dead brought to life during the Easter (not known as Easter way,way back then) season. Did they join their families? Return to work on Sunday? What if their wife (if they were male) had remarried? Did they have all their skin? How come the event never made news to the Romans? That should have been a piece of world worthy news.Popularity, like the wind, changes directions quickly. What we seem to have in Pope Francis is genuine goodness, unfeigned friendliness, compassion disciplined by honesty, sacred simplicity and a solid faith based on 2000 years of Christian witness. Time will test him. Evil will tempt him. God alone will ultimately judge him with truth, justice and mercy ... as will happen with me and you. While it is good that we are be inspired by his example, may we not forget he comes from the same clay we all do and to which we all return. He has asked for our prayers that he might bless us all. Eternally happy are they through whom the grace of God flows: healing, forgiving, improving, embracing, redeeming, uplifting the hearts of all.

Do I need a coat of arms?I don't have one.If I got one, what would I do with it?What do you guys do with yours?

Regardless of religion or what one may believe or not believe. We will all meet our Maker one Day.

The trojan horse story comes to mind.

Somewhat irrelevant.  The media is painting this man as something of a "saint".  Examination of the Pope's life story gives some interesting details which the media is soft-pedalling.  There is more to this man than meets the eye.

If he's all he appears to be, and aims to perform all he means to perform, the Vatican vultures will soon get rid of him.  Remember John Paul I.

pope a dope

Trust in Jesus Christ, not in man, for man will fail you because he is a sinner like all of us.

i see the look in his eyes, looking at that hag.  he's turned on by her and knows what he's going to get.  it's good to be the king, i mean pope.  this is such a welcome and refreshing turn however... finally a pope that likes women and not young boys!

He seems like he could make changes and redirect the church.Pope Pius XII was instrumental in helping the Nazi movement become established when he was papal nuncio to Berlin in the mid-20s and helped again with the Reich Concordat in July, 1933.  So how can anyone expect the Vatican to ever excommunicate Hitler or the millions of conservative Catholics who supported him?

A carved wooden ring would signify a vow of poverty more than a gold plated ring.

Who has ever called him a latino? And there are germans in argentina and brazil and all over latin america. So yes it is possible. Youre a clown

If Peter were the first pope, the Bible would say so.  The Bible makes no mention of a pope and the church was built on the Christ Himself.  Peter means a pebble, not a rock. And the church began in the holy city, Jerusalem, not Rome.

His white habit is Norbertine.  Google it.

"Heh, heh!  It's good to be the King...erm....Pope!"

When will you folks figure it out? Organized religion is a method of controlling people. Nothing more. Catholic, Protestant, Mormon, or any other cult. It's all the same. A means of control. Take responsibility for your lives -- morally, ethically, and by treating your fellow human beings as you would want to be treated -- and you will have no use for the "control" of any church.

LIBERACE would be proud of the new POPE! Dazzling rings, flamboyant costumes,  the personification of hedonism at its most extreme.

The catholic "church" is a man centered, false religious system that is directly responsible for the worst atrocities this world has ever seen. It is responsible for the murder and torture of 50 million people to date just for not being or refusing to become catholic. (just google "Croatian holocaust" or "St. Bartholomews Day Massacre" or "Spanish Inquisition" or "rat lines") The vatican was in cahoots with Hitler and Mussolini and still is with the mob. The majority of catholicisms doctrines and practices are unbiblical and are based in paganism. It has perverted the true Gospel of Christ into a false gospel of works and sacraments. It is evil to the core and it insidiously does all this in the name of Christ. It is the political prostitute of Revelation 17 &amp; 18. Catholicism is NOT Christianity

If your Catholic Christian faith is solid, don't worry about the haters; pray for all of us.  Christ went among the sinners. Here on Yahoo, U can engage the Christian mission. Don't brate, but show us your Christian love.Still nothing more than a false idol to be pampered like a god.You are no better off now than when they groveled at the feet of nero.You want to show your worth to the worlds poor then give them the wealth that you have stolen , tortured and killed thousands for in the name of Jesus or the millions that you dupe into giving money that goes into the church of the Vatican bank vaults open up the evils of the cult let the world see what really lies behind the doors of your sins!,

One thing all of us can learn, whether Catholic or any other faith or even those who do not ascribe to any religious belief:   It's a sign of class and a sign of   a  together person t be able to seek and practice reconciliation with those from whom we have become estranged.Think what you want about the  flaws of a religion.  But what I saw and see is  Pope John Paul II going to the prison in Rome and pardoning the man who tried to assassinate him.  I see Pope Francis giving a kiss to the President of Argentina who vilified him for his religions positions.I give him the utmost respect for what he has shown the world so far.....simplicity, humility, transparency,  respect for others,  and a desire to move forward.    That to me is a great model for any of us to follow.

Luther got it right. The Roman Church is still thoroughly corrupt and morally bankrupt.

How come popes never credit Peter and Paul with having raised the dead? Perhaps they feel (felt) that it would diminish the appeal of the magic show come Easter Sunday.

Why does he need a coat of arms in the first place&gt;

he has the look of a man who likes young boys

What else would the #1 preacher of hate do but spend tons of money on new dresses and jewelry.  I'm sure he will soon pick out his very own bullet proof transportation......at a cost of what could feed thousands for possibly months/years......

So the new pope found his Preciousssssssss.... How Nice.

Another "Prison Planet" guard for the steeples in a state of mind of amensia. Poor things. History reads that the "church" is the main "oppressor" of death, genocide, steeple atrocities and misogyny. Good riddens...

Happy Halloween!!! 2013 and people still dress up for their god??The Catholic church continues to live in the Dark ages.

I will be so happy when Pope-Fever comes to a conclusion.

Oh, just a "simple" coat of arms ring. Thank god he is so thrifty. The Vatican was paid for by killing and pillaging as were many famous ruins in Rome including the Colliseum. The vatican like all the other palaces in the world were paid for by dictators and their conquests of murder and robbery.

Now that the Pope has giving us his views on the poor. That he is for helping the poor, he can now be labeled by the Republicans as being just another whining ignorant liberal.

I still think they should have elected a Jew. The first pope did a good job and was Jewish (Peter). Unfortunately, he was killed by Italians (Romans).

what good is a coat of arms you can't pass down to your children?

"...Peter, who was a fisherman and the first pope,..."  Really? Where in the Bible is it written that Peter was a pope and that he established the Roman Catholic church?  I expect better reporting from the AP.

WISH HIM ALL THE LUCK

So who cares??!! It's no big deal!! Get over it!!!!!!!!!!!!

I wonder if the gods ring &amp; coat of arms is ornate?Wasn't her late husband the Jewish president of Argentine Nestor Kirschner?

If the catholics got as excited about Jesus as the pope they wouldn't have allthe problems they have.

Hmmm...I thought these two couldn't stand each other. I guess politics reigns supreme after all.

If the "pope" is supposedly the vicar of Christ or the earthly representation of Christ then there should be some similarities. While on earth Jesus dressed like a common man and had nowhere to lay his head. The pope is always in regal apparel and commands the wealthiest institution on the planet. Jesus tirelessly served the multitudes, the pope is waited on hand and foot. Jesus deferred all worship to the Father even though He was God in the flesh, the pope gladly accepts the worship of millions even though he is a sinful man. Jesus said that only God is holy and to call no man father, the pope gladly accepts the title of "holy father". Nowhere in the Bible is the "papacy" found, catholicism twists the scripture in Matthew in an attempt to justify it but there is nothing in the Bible supporting a "papacy".

Why does he need bling?  Not sure why these popes and cardinals need to feel like pimps.

Dope Francis has a sly look on his face when looking at Ms. Fernandez....I smell a conspiracy!

"THE" false prophet, who will point to Barry as the real Jesus, our savior.

The pope is NOTHING BUT A MAN! Men make mistakes and he is no different from any other man. Why does he need a ring at all? Did Jesus have a ring? Did Jesus have fancy duds or all the rest of the popes goodies? What the hell is religion all about? Looking good on the outside or being good on the inside? You bunch of stupid hypocrites. Look good on the outside and do your sinning behind closed doors with little boys in church! You idiots---all of you. I see it every time I enter a church. The high and mighty of the communities hobknobing with the pastor or priest---whatever. You go to church to be seen on Sunday and on Monday you curse your brother. I have even seen church goers give people the finger in the parking lot right after they leave church. I am not a christian nor do I follow any religion because they all lie and serve only as a control mechanism.

It would have been unusual for Bergoglio to do anything but go along with other conservative Catholics who supported the killing of 30,000 Argentians by the junta.  After all, they were killing anyone considered liberal or radical in any way.  Why would conservatives oppose that?

Coat of Arms:  two defrocked priests on a field of collection platesRing:  a co*k ring would be appropriateThey need to give him and the rest of the child molesting Roman Catholic CULT fr_aks a ball and chain to keep them away from young children.

"his Argentine past"?  Isn't his family actually Italian?  Why did his family move to Argentina?  A lot of germans moved to Argentina after WWII.

Thanks God for the humble, simple and wonderful Pope. Please guide him as he takes care of Your sheeps inside and outside the Church, Lord. May the love of God that radiates within him make other people realize that we can also be good Christian, good people like him.  God bless Pope Francis.

I get a big kick out seeing all various religious figures dressed up in their gaudy outfits. Are they trying to impress people with cloth of authority? Get real.

If he truly cleans up this child molesting mess then there will be no more Priests to run the churches.  The Bible never tells you to pray to a Pope, Mary, Statues or icons.  The Catholics are guilty of all of these.  You pray to Jehovah through his son Christ Jesus that bought our sins with his life.  All this pomp is not to the true Glory of Jehovah Gosd or his Son Jesus.  It's to the Pope and his glory.....

Pope of the people....

I'm not even Catholic, but I'm really starting to like this guy.

False idol says what?

Yes, Bergoglio and other conservative Catholics supported the mass killing of 30,000 Argentines they considered liberal in any way.  But conservative Catholics and Protestants in Hitler's Germany supported the mass killing of 11 million people they did not like. Same policy, different numbers.

"...at the age of 17, when 'he experienced the presence of the love of God in a very special way,'..."  Obviously no one ever told him what an orgasm was.Yes, he is quite a showman, and God knows they need that right now.  But can he tap dance?

The FIRST new coat of arms was a small boy with a metal protection device around his rear end !The Pope was offended by it !

That's all Satan gave his follower!!!

I'm not a cathollic/christian, but any religious leader that leads with humility &amp; compassion is worth following.

Where was the outcry from this Holy Man when the Junta played God of Argentina?Show us his protest to the Vatican when the Junta stole the children of (The Disappeared)Where was this good Samaritan when (The Disappeared) were being Tortured, Murdered, and Tossed away like trash where no one has found their remains? Where was the Franciscan voice then? OH wait he's really a Jesuit, right.The Franciscans were the real Samaritans, they stopped the Jesuit priests from mistreating and enslaving the Indians of the Americas because they were all slowly dying.

For the Catholic Church and for the whole world our Francis Pope is a gift of God. Many, Many thanks to Him. He gives the right Man to help us in so special stage of our History. Thanks to you for prepare every dayl the news for us.

...and the ring has special powers only YOU can use....

And Pope Benedict set back relations with the Jews when he had the "prayer for the Jews" inserted back into the mass.Let us pray also for the faithless Jews: that Almighty God may remove the veil from their hearts 2 Corinthians 3:13-16; so that they too may acknowledge Jesus Christ our Lord. ('Amen' is not responded, nor is said 'Let us pray', or 'Let us kneel', or 'Arise', but immediately is said:) Almighty and eternal God, who dost not exclude from thy mercy even Jewish faithlessness: hear our prayers, which we offer for the blindness of that people; that acknowledging the light of thy Truth, which is Christ, they may be delivered from their darkness. Through the same our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with thee in the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, for ever and ever. Amen.

Why cannot majority of the people worldwide not realize that this Satanic institution has nothing to do with Yeshua and his teachings. All they have brought to this planet is endless misery and wars which they forment using their Jesuit soldiers and their Satanic goals. Just check out the Jesuit oath and you will see how devious and deceptive this institution is! Check out the dark history of this institution and see how they have murdered, raped, pillaged, plundered and practized a scorched earth policy. See the carnage they did during the inquisitions as one small example of their murder policies. After all they are serving their master the Devil himself!

merciful and being mercyful is his principle to lead the church because caring for the needy (not necessarily only the poor) requires mercy. I wish him a good leading erais this the pope whom prophecy has labeled as pretrus romanus? if so won't the rapture happen shortly?

He sounds like the reincarnation of the murdered / poisoned Pope…The Pope John Paul I, the pope for 33 days before Pope John Paul II took over

He should embroider the names of those killed during Pinochet Regime when he kept silent about it.

Yes he is personable and some say he is the "pope of the people". Remember, the pope is Catholic. There will be definite limits and directions to what he says and what he does.

Will the Italian mafia allow this supposedly People's Pope to live long?

Funny choice of rings. Had seen no connections to these prophecies, until now. ..

PAPADIOS LO BENDIGA ...YLO GUIA...

The new Pope has been implicated by countless witnesses in the interrogation ANDTORTURE of Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. Read erbitsky’s book, TheSilence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in acommon jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’tpunished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but bythe church standards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something aboutBergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich, who was a formerchaplain of the police department in Argentina and also later was convicted ofbeing involved. He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in a common jail, but theArgentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’t punished him, incanonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by the churchstandards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglio andthe Argentine church also.

too bad more people don't worship Jesus the way they worship the pope....

Some of the Roman Catholic Popes have been the antithesis of Jesus Christ, especiallythe corrupt Borgia popes whose corruption and lust are legend.Pope Francis strikes me as being one of the best ones. He knows Jesus' call for prieststo be servants--instead princes to be served. He sure has my support and prayers.Anyone else notice hot political people are racing to meet the new Pope and he is giving audience to them before anyone else.  Jesus had nothing to do with politics.  The "beast" is in cahoots with the "wh*re of Babylon" yet again.

Pope Francis is quite a person for "Catholic Revolution". But still to soon to say. God bless you Mr. Pope Pope Francis.

This meeting between Papa Francisco and the President of Argentina barely got notice in the public media, but we received a detailed description of the ring he'll wear and his coat of arms.I hope the pope will get rid of both items tomorrow at this installation and have a television interview with his old nemesis, Madam Kirchner, on hand.  Now THAT, would be news.

ARRRRRGGGG. The catholic church is flooding the news with worthless nothings.Get back to the necessary investigations. Don't get distracted.

Paul VI destroyed the church. Liberalism, in all in manisfestations, is a cancer.

That the way it was to be in the "original" church,what the meaning of such outrageous showof gold and priceless pictures and statues......the Lord never requested anything like thisto honor our Lord Jesus,a symbol of humillity.........the Pope simply follows a plan and soshould you..........God bless you all..........

We could use this face to train kids how to identify perverts and pedophiles. The evil of the vatican will live on long after we humans die off. NO OTHER institute has anywhere near their record for inhumanity. Nuke the vatican today please.

"Each pope picks his own ring, which will be destroyed at the end of his papacy."- "the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming"?

I am not Catholic but I like this new Pope.  Wish him the best.

The Body needs a good Doctor... I hope He's it.Please research who the Jesuits are. They are a terribly insidious group. See: WeAreONEbigFamily on yt

this pope in the news 24/7 whats up with that--

To the guy who called me a moron because of my high marks for the new pope, I say this is a time for new optimism that the church will take a new direction.  I have my anger toward the heinous misdeeds of many priests also - these offending priests should be in jail.  But isn't it the job of the judicial system to prosecute these pedophiles?

pope francis is so cool. shaking hands and getting to know the people. making the cardianls ride the bus back to the hotel. he is gonna keep his security people workin

this clown is not who you idiots think he is--now i say to get off your lazy as--- and do some research on your beloved roman church -do like God said prove all things----prove your roman church is godly-you can't--------

...AND pink velvet slippers!

Is it me or does the guy look a bit like the late, great comedian Stan Laurel?

They have a lot in common-they are both dictators, socialists, and see women as second class citizens. They both see themselves as God.s chosen ones, infaillable in faith and morals, above the law, and they answer to no man. What amazing arrogance.

Thats it.... next time I'm running for pope!  I'm going to have gold teeth, bling on every finger, at least one felony, and a rap album titled "Church is fo prayen like boyz are fo playen", my mug will always be filled with yak!

The guy looks like a pedophile if I ever saw one.  Bet he was into the Knights of Columbus sex clubs.illuminati handshake!

And I don't like nobody touching my stuff. So just keep your meat-hooks off. If I catch any of you Cardinals in my stuff, I'll kill you. Also, I don't like nobody touching me. Now, any of you homos touch me, and I'll kill you.

He asked her; "Wanna see my walnetto?"

The media loves eating up this song and dance. So what, the Catholic church has a new leader but they all still worship the same imaginary homophob in the sky.

What does the Pope think of the Cardinal that elected him defending Pedophiles.

Only a high view of truth preached and lived by the Supreme Pontiff, Francis I, is sufficient for combating evil and hypocrisy. Postmodern thinking makes us Catholics, all aware of hypocrisy but gives us no standard of truth to expose and correct it. Pope Francis and the Catholic Church are given the DEPOSIT OF FAITH to inspire us and enable us, Catholics, again to expose and combat hypocrisy.

I really hope he is the one. The one who will defend the defenseless Christians all over the world, the one who will restore the might of Christianity, the one that crowds will follow.

Gods wonderful choice!!!!!

Could be the popes and cardinals don't read their own bible; looks like I have to educate them as well. FYI , with Easter approaching, even the Muslims know that Jesus didn't die on the cross.  That precious item in in their Koran.

It always interests me how people can be so open about their prejudice against Catholics, but know enough never to talk like that about Jews, African Americans, the disabled, and other groups that have been persecuted for simply being who they are. That makes me sad.Malachi's coat of arms (prediction) was "Peter of Rome" the final pope. Benedict was "The olive branch", John Paul II was "The Sun" and John Paul I was "The crescent moon"...what if he had lived, and not been murdered?

Just research the Jesuit order ..watch?v=OEmk-HXar8U

Fanatic Spanish Catholic Ignatius of loyola founded the Jesuits(1534). The Jesuit's treachery was championed by the Borgias and then the Medici's two Italian clans whose corruption is legendary.The Jesuits were encouraged to NOT wear any priestly garb so that they could better infiltrate and meld in with the population. The history of this militarized clandestine cult is chock full of political intrigue, assassination, murder, and torture. All in the name of God, all for the benefit of the Church of Rome.

Notice there will be a golden star symbolizing "Mary" , otherwise known as Athart, Artemis,Astarte,Ishtar, Aphrodite etc. A fertility Goddess , the star symbolizing the Moon as the controlling celestial deity which controls the brightest stars seen from earth. Further proof that the Roman Church continues pagan goddess worship from the ancient Phoenicians.

Pope Francis appears to be exactly what is needed in today's society, a breath of fresh air

The new Pope reminds me of Jerry Sandusky.  Creepy costume.

So far I like this pope! It's seems well rounded person,And likes ordinary people,and does some of his own chores,I believe many people will return back to church.

does this turd have to take up 30% of the news? seriosly? come on yahoo, get a grip

Being Roman Catholic I like the way he talks to people.

Pope Francis meets Argentine President Cristina Fernandez at the Vatican, Monday, March 18, 2013 and says, "Let me show you all the wonderful things you can do on your knees."The pope francis, must realize, the old inquisition ,was just organized to stop, at whatever cost, the control of the ideas of the people, mainly (  protestant ideas ) as the printing press ,during the protestant reformation introduced ideas quickly ,our new technology, is instant in reveling idea and the facts so stop the veil of holyness, for the inquisition has failed also the catholic council of the supreme inquisition !

IS THERE ANY HUMBLE HUMILITY ARGENTINIAN .... ?

The real question from suppliers is will Vatican procurement have to change the toilet tissue and wet wipes brands?

Ah the pope meets the Roman Catholic dictator of Argentina.   Can Satan be divided against himself?

"Known as the fisherman's ring from the apostle Peter, who was a fisherman and the first pope, Francis's version depicts St. Peter holding the keys of the Holy See." Peter never adorned himself with jewelry or wore gold nor precious stones! Peter had noting to do with Catholicity! He followed Christ not paganism!

I dare catholics to reseach the history of there popes, homosexuality, #$%$ incest, torture murder,, you Blind pagans prove the bible correct, i dont know if that is a good thing LOL but thank you for exposing  satan, your leader

copy and paste:pope-francis-cia-and-death-squadsThen you'll see what this guy is really about.

Right when this photo was taken I bet she felt like a real @$$h0l3. lol

I feel that he has risen for a reason. Right now people are looking for guidance spiritual fullfillment. He is grateful,thankful and humble. He is living his life,simple uncomplicated with concern for all. He is leading his congregation and totally unaware. By his life an example for all. We all are so blessed

Peter the apostle was NOT the first pope, it was Simon the sorcerer who, when he came to Rome was called pators, or "peters"  (as in ) pagan high priests and diviners, sorcerers, wizard, yeah, you get the idea. He was the one to introduced a lot of pagan beliefs to roman society, when Constantine the true first pope came to power ( he was a cesar actually) , he incorporated a lo of these babylonian and pagan beliefs into a mesh of christian beliefs, and... voila!! the catholic church was born, which, has nothing to do with the true Church of Christ. And this is History, but, people prefer to believe lies and fantasies than  to pick up a book and read and find out for themselves the truth!!!Peter the apostle was NOT the first pope, it was Simon the sorcerer who, when he came to Rome was called pators, or "peters"  (as in ) pagan high priests and diviners, sorcerers, wizard, yeah, you get the idea. He was the one to introduced a lot of pagan beliefs to roman society, when Constantine the true first pope came to power ( he was a cesar actually) , he incorporated a lo of these babylonian and pagan beliefs into a mesh of christian beliefs, and... voila!! the catholic church was born, which, has nothing to do with the true Church of Christ. And this is History, but, people prefer to believe lies and fantasies than  to pick up a book and read and find out for themselves the truth!!!

I really like this guy.

Jalics and yorio @said borgoglio turned us in , wow this guy got burned already, however , the church ,fears the govern ment more than jehovah god !

I think the last pope retired because he was about to be exposed as gay.  This new pope seems like a normal good guy.

WHOOOOOOOOO  CAAAAAAARES ?!!!!!!!!!  Enuf of the Pontiff . he is just a man . .no better than you or me who is perpetuating the greatest hoax in human history.

I rather much see a poor, powerful church than a gilded, powerful church. It sends a better message. Jesus was simple and write simple clothes, nothing like these peacocks

"KISS MY RING PEASANT" OK "KNOW YOU CAN KISS MY #$%$"

He's got that look like, if you were a boy, I'd already be in heaven.

the first pope from the americas....yeah

Here we go agin, another pedofile in the Vatican, Hes  doing little boys and the Nuns are made because they get none!It's funny because it's all a myth, and the worst thing about it is when we're all dead, I won't get the chance to say "I told you so!"

Its looks like he likes the ladies!

May God bless our religious leaders, like the newly elected Pope Francis.

So... gang signs (coat of arms), a ring, a sizzup cup that is all pimped out that he drinks out of, he has to always be the best dressed including some beechin' red shoes. Sounds like a pimp. When he lets sexual rapes go on...Yeah...If it is a duck, it will quack like a duck, walk like a duck and look like a duck.Keep throwing money into that collection plate you 1 billion pedo supporters.

Finally we got a cool looking pope again. He's out among the people, charming the broads. That one in the picture probably gave him a little mouth action

why is she wearing all black when meeting the pope?  is she is mourning because the new pope was not a lesbian?

that's a relief, you can see in his eyes he likes women, not little boys.

Is this the same ring people will be bowing down and kissing?

A good start to understanding this evil man is the contribution by Videla in aseries of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 and Erbitsky’sbook, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio

But he'll still be sitting on the golden throne in that palace built from blood and stolen money.But he'll still be sitting on the golden throne in that palace built from blood and stolen money.

Catholics suck!

One part the Führer, one part the pope it's the inevitable return of the great white dope!

Unfortunately, Peter was not the first pope.  This concept, "the primacy of Peter" has been acommon misconception through the centuries.  So what sense does it make to pick a ringwith Peter on it? God bless this new pope, I pray for his salvation.

ARGENTINA’S FORMER military dictator said he kept the country’s Catholichierarchy informed about his regime’s policy of “disappearing” politicalopponents, and that Catholic leaders offered advice on how to “manage” thepolicy.Jorge Videla said he had “many conversations” with Argentina’s primate, CardinalRaúl Francisco Primatesta, about his regime’s dirty war against left-wingactivists. He said there were also conversations with other leading bishopsfrom Argentina’s episcopal conference as well as with the country’s papal nuncio atthe time, Pio Laghi.“They advised us about the manner in which to deal with the situation,” saidVidela in a series of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 butpublished only on Sunday.He said that in certain cases church authorities offered their “good offices”and undertook to inform families looking for “disappeared” relatives to desistfrom their searches, but only if they were certain the families would not usethe information to denounce the junta.

this pope is a " hell " of a p.r. man . but in the end ...same old  #$%$ .