Even the Chinese do not have enough "money" to cure their country from the poison they have placed in their air, water, and ground!

They don't have enough money or the will to clean up their pollution. The corrupt party officials make too much money from all their polluting factories and water practices. Much of Chinas water is already highly pollute and along with their air pollution they will start seeing an increase in deaths. It is their new way to correct the over population of the country.

China's booming economy comes with a price...pollution, and they will have to decide whether its worth dying for. (most people choose money over health)If China won't build the things needed by others, who will...Africa?

There is no possible way they can undo the damage they have done within our lifetimes...

good idea ! plant more trees also.

HA!  Pollution controls and regulations really don't fit into China's "core competency" which is to be the place where stuff can be done for the lowest price possible.  If the average American consumer was willing to commit economic suicide to save a few bucks at Walmart, what makes them think they'll all of a sudden care whether or not the soil in China glows green?What expensive demands will they think of next?  Fair wages for workers?  Health insurance benefits?  What do they think this is 1960 in America?

China has pollution, like other countries have fog (as opposed to smog). It's thick. It gets on your clothes. I'm sure that they have people dying over there because of it, too. They have rivers that are so polluted that if you eat the fish you will die.

No problem just get rid of a couple Billion people.

People like to forget that china and India are doing more damage to the planet then America is..least we are making some effort(EPA) china and india nooopppeee

Even though the details are vague right now, you have to applaud Chinese Premier Li Keqiang for acknowledging the environmental issues and resolving to take strong action to mitigate China's pollution problem. The Chinese people and the world will be a better place if Premier Li Keqiang succeeds.Yawn...nothing to see here ..just move along and Anapol is correct. They have passed the point of no return.

Wow!  China's "politicians" seem to be learning a lot from our guys up in DC: Make vague promises that you can later back out from.I'm sure the guys up in Washington are so proud!

Its about time!

Does this mean that Chop Suey Louie is going to end the practice of throwing unwanted female babies in the garbage? They should build abortion centers like the US to get rid of them!

Hmm, Another Totalitarian Leftist Dictator making promises he will never keep, sounds a lot like Obama, must be a Socialist thing.

The Chinese Premier is taking a note from Romney's campaign--talk big and give few, if any details.  If only Romney had been handpicked like the Chinese Premier was, he would be President now.

selling painted stones as rice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

All things are relative. Think back to our history we were polluting up until the 70's then we realized what we were doing  then the cleaning started.

at least the Chinese should be proud that they dont have Republican rednecks opposing the Communist Party........there will be lots of denials, filibustering, collusion with big industries etc

just thinking about almost 3K death pigs dumped into the river ...  would thake the couple cenruries to learn how to play clean ...dirty sumb!tche$

finally, there are some rational govt in the world willing to address the problem.see what happen to britain?refused to address the root cause of phone hacking scandal?would the court subpoena the former prime minister?otherwise, it would greatly damaged the judicial independence of court.

show me another govtwhere they are honestly admit that there was a corruption problem in their nation and make a solemn promise to address the issue seriously in front of so many international media?even america cannot do that.obama promise to closed down gitmo on the first day of election.what happen?no media follow up with progress of his promise to the voter?freedom of media has become an empty talkpolitician been supervised by the public through the media.

" ......including toxic milk powder, and painted stones sold as rice. "   What a mess of a country that China is in, and ruled by the snakes and rats CCP  中国一群蛇鼠一窝!!!

When hungry Pig has opened his mouth,Chinese people have no idea about that,just obey and do....Ho,ho,ho."Must do with...now for....".Is it always inside your head, hungry Pig????Learn what Tibetan,Uighur,...people do now ,"Fight... back",Chinese people.Cheer.