Well, if the government did attempt to close that airport on purpose....well, I'll be damned.

If Capriles continues to confront Maduro with what's wrong in Venezuela, he will make the former bus driver look like a fool. At some point, the powerful Chavez family will have to intervene and try to keep Chavez on ice for about three more weeks. After all, Hugo's daughters need a lot more jewelry.

Presidential candidates shoot par in VenezuelaAssociated Press – 3 hrs agoTaking a page from President Obama, the Venezuelan presidential candidates played golf today.

venzuela was better off before hugo

Spar all you want.........just get the rotted corpse Hugo in the ground.

Maduro is a pig.He  has no honour, character or integrity.He could not win the election on a level playing field so he has to manipulate every situation.When it's his turn to get sick, I hope he has more tricks.

Pistols at dawn; winner takes all.

What is wrong with Venezuelan doctors working in government clinics? Cuba has got to go people they are sucking the life out of you.

,,,how many Venezuelans agree with some of Hugo chavez economic policies for selling oil at very cheap prices outside Venezuela...at a time Venezuelans themselves find it difficult to cope with inflation and high prices,,,

Chavez surely helped and cleaned up the urban plight in his beloved Caracus! Just look at all the prosperity to go around. Oh, but don't forget to be home by 6pm, that is if you want to live! Come to think of it: Sounds like my city!Rise up Venezuelans and seize the day and take your country back by electing Henrique Caprilles! Otherwise, prepare for the worst! Cause it will get worse!

Whether Maduro wins or not, he is too stupid to lead! Bottom line! Just like his Mr. Potato Head idol!

Capriles is Venezuela's only hope! But there are too many uneducated there to turn things around I fear!

Maduro is still dragging Chaves' rotting corpse to political rallies? I guest it’s what ever means necessary to win an election.

How frighted are the Chavistas to have to resort to whatever they THINK will preventCapriles from spreading the TRUTH throughout the country?!! IF. Maduro &amp; Co really believed in themselves, they would have no need to attempting to smear theopposition..... Venezuela NEEDS Henrique Capriles!!

There goes Maduro again, dragging Chaves rotting corpse to the political rallies. This daddy's boy, unfortunately, is still calling the shots from below Chaves’ skirt. No shame!

Closing down an airport 3 hours before an opponent's campaign rally?  That's ALMOST as bad as closing down White House Tours to scare the American public !!......ALMOST !!

chavez is dead.. LOLwho smells sulfur now?GW Bush is still alive and well...

It makes no difference what Maduro does, he already won the election, they held it in secret, last week and no one has caught on yet... isn't that the way Chavez did it... hold their own private election and then let the opposing party know some time later...

Cuban doctors are always welcome, but the intelligence and the military personnel should be expulsed out of the country.Venezuela....Please take our Chavez Obama here in America....He hates democracy, a balanced budget and healthy economy and freedom for the individual...He would be perfect after the thug you people had....We will give him to you for 4 chickens and a can of coke..That is a really good trade!!!

maby obama can run .or he could send his butt buddide david axlenut

massive crowd? Where?

Capriles is a jew.....!! that is not good news...!!