There was also Francis Xavier, a companion of the founder of the SJ, Ignatius of Loyola.

Ricky JonesFiguratively speaking re.: Templars.The Jesuits have become too powerful as an entity of the Church.They run the Curia, the Vatican Bank and business dealings.If the Church is to cleanse itself of corrupting influences, it should . . . .

"The journalists roared with laughter."I guess you had to be there.

I hope the new Pope and Church do well (I am not Catholic).

Jesuits are super bright and well educated.  I knew one that routinely sent missives from the Vatican back, with their Latin corrected.  Cheeky.

The first mission of the Church is to spread the Gospel of Jesus of Nazareth.  Service to the poor comes as a result.  More is taught and learned by our putting into practice what we preach.

I like anyone who recognizes the suffering of billions of poor people on this planet - and works to alleviate it.

God Bless Pope Francis. I hope nothing bad happens to him "taking the bus" and moving about as a common person like he is used to. He is in a different job now. I wish he would use Papal Security ... but he appears to have no plans of changing ... at least for now. He seems like such a kind man. May God and the Angels protect him.

"Pope Francis, giving his clearest indication yet that he wants a more austere Catholic Church, said on Saturday that it should be poor and remember that its mission is to serve the poor."I like this guy already!

Less pomp and more action to help the people who need it. I think more will believe in the church with this as a guideline.

St. Francis is known as the "patron saint of animals."Revenge leads to the dark side of the Force.

Dominican Sisters in the US have been chastized and penalized for "spending too much time on the issues of poor people" ... yes, it's true.  Francis has a long road to haul if he really plans to revised RC priorities.

Yeah, that would have showed him, I guess.  Must be a Pope thing and I'm out of the loop.

maybe the Catholic church will turn around and not be so distanced from it's people.

That's a neat tidbit of information.

The Jesuits have always had a proclivity for getting into politics from the back door. That's why they were closed down for a while. They also were heavily involved with fighting with the Dominicans ( The dogs of God) during the Roman Inquisition...late 14th century, for control of Vatican policy.

Its really funny that a Jesuit took the name of Francis, sincve the Jesuits were both behind and the powering force that humbled the Franciscan order of monks. During a period in the church when the Franciscans had gotten to be very powerful and numerous, they were calling for austerity and for the princes of the church to give up their wealth and use it to help the poor. The Pope at the time used the Jesuits to capture the head of the Franciscans and bring him to Rome where he was told that if he wanted the Franciscan order to continue to survive he needed to shut up about the wealth of the church. And if he refused, he and the leaders would be executed and the order broken up and its members excommunicated. This back when the threat of excommunication was considered the same as a death sentence.

..................For a few years Clement XIV tried to placate the enemies of the Jesuits by treating them harshly: he refused to meet the Superior General, Lorenzo Ricci, ordered them not to receive novices, etc., to no avail. The pressure kept building up to the point that Catholic countries were threatening to break away from the Church. Clement XIV ultimately yielded "in the name of peace of the Church and to avoid of secession in Europe" and suppressed the Society of Jesus by the brief Dominus ac Redemptor on 21 July 1773.....

I guess people just search and print stuff out that really has nothing to do with what's going on in the church right now and considering that Pope Clement XIV isn't exactly around to say much on his deeds I'm glad this Pope didn't identify with the comments made by a cardinal or cardinals. Well i am sure that getting back to the basics when it comes down to helping the poor ISN'T first priority with many in the vatican, nor is building a better relationship with the jewish nation to some in the vatican but it's all a great start. I hope everything works out for Pope Francis I  and he doesn't end up with unexplained reasons for being sick or worse.(from a non-practicing catholic)

Don't mess with the Jesys!"said on Saturday that it should be poor and remember that its mission is to serve the poor."It would take a lot of effort to make the church poor.

The one Priest I really knew at all was a Jesuit.  As a protestant, he treated me just as he would have any catholic.  I have nothing but the highest admiration for him, and if a man deserved to be considered for sainthood, he should be.

Always cracks me up when the secular press (mostly in America Im sure) wants to talk about a new Pope changing doctrine about women being priests, priests marrying or homosexuals.  Focus of the church is something a Pope could certainly influence.  Something like priests marrying could certainly be changed.  Homosexual marriage being supported or women becoming priests, no.  Doctrine is doctrine and societal opinion is societal opinion.  Two different things.  Homosexual marriage is just a non conversation when it comes to the doctrine of the church.

The Catholic church poor?  Are you kidding me?

I think this guy is going to be good for the Church.

this guy is the MAN :)

Church of the poor can return the gold to the New World.

i love this Pope already. And I'm not Catholic, but I think he must be one of the grandest person on the earth.

Though I am a former Catholic, and current anti Catholic, I do wish the new Pope well and hope that he will attempt to right the wrongs of this organization.Start and finish with the Bibles writings and the will of God,

How do you seek revenge against someone who died 140+ years before you were born?Revenge should not be in catholics mind and blood  as the Bible said leave yourrevenge to me ,revenge is mine to give,It's about time the churches adhere to the Vowof Poberty .Glory be to Pope Francis !

The Jesuits were a Spanish order, which was why they were looked upon with distrust at that time.

One man cannot save an organization whose young people are losing their core beliefs.  At least that is the case in the non-Latin countries.

It will be interesting to see how long Francis can withstand the withering and corrupting influence of the Curia.  If he presses too hard to impose austerity in the Vatican, expect to see headlines about a fatal "slip and fall" in the papal bathtub.

Why so much irrelevancies in the news on the Papacy? Is the media conspiring to make the Catholic church look purposeless?

Humans and their coping systems.

Why did they give him a female name?  His name is Francisco... which make him a male. They have enough problems.  Change the image time.//  Some how that name don't  fit him. May be I am wrong. May God bless Papa Francisco and protect him from those who want no change.

Atheism is as much of a religion as is Christianity. Just as science cannot prove there is a god it cannot disprove the existence of one. It is about faith. Either faith in a higher power with moral standards or faith in nothing. I cannot understand why Atheist attack christians attempting to mock those that have faith in their beliefs. I suppose it is evidence that they lack something in their own lives. I am a christian, I believe in the big bang, I believe in evolution and I also believe in the united states constitution that declares freedom of religion not freedom from religion. If someones faith in god offends you... take the advise of a great man who lived 2,000 years ago and turn the other cheek.

Just like the English bullied their way and grabbed Argentina's Malvina Islands England is bullying its way in to the Argentinean's coronation as Pope Francis is crowned Pope. Pope Francis would be more delighted if the English Delegation skip coming to Pope Francis's Coronation on many levels. First, the English aren't Catholics. Second, the Pope has Excommunicated Henry VIII who burns in Hell today as far as the Popes are concerned. Third, Pope Francis has called England's military invasion of the Malvina Islands an Usurp. Fourth, Should England send an unwanted delegation to Rome the Vatican's Swiss Guards will make Swiss Cheese out of the misbehaving English delegation. Fifth, the Vatican sent a delegation to Hugo Chavez funeral. So the English Delegation should recognize when they are not a good fit at Social Events and should please stay away. Nobody likes a Bandit.

Taking the name of St. Francis. A saint that patterned his life after Jesus is a very good sign.Pope Francis is starting out on the right foot!

How do you get revenge on dead man???

I am a dyed-in-the-wool Protestant.God bless Pope Francis

The true priest..St. Francis of Assisi...a true follower of the teaching of Christ.

Jesus never established a mission to serve the poor. He commanded His followers to preach about the kingdom of God. Looking after the poor was not part of the Great Commission.Jesus addressed the underlying reasons that caused poverty rather than fostering it.

We ALL have dirty laundry but we don't hang it out to dry

serve the poor:  provide them with free birth control education and contraceptives.  it'll be the gift that keeps on giving.

This pope WILL see the rage of the Vatican if he DARES to change anything in the way they're all use to living.The "Smiling Pope," as he was affectionately called was born Albino Luciani on October 17, 1912 near Belluno, Italy. He was ordained in 1935, made Bishop in 1958 and became patriarch of Venice in 1969. He received his cardinal#$%$ in 1973. He was a staunch believer in ecumenism and the reduction of Church wealth. He was warm, humble and had no aspirations for the papacy. After Pope Paul VI died, Luciani was elected on the second day of the Conclave in 1978. He refused to wear the papal tiara or to be carried in the gestatorial chair. He was praised as a liberal reformer who read Mark Twain. He was on a mission to reverse the Church's position on contraception, cleaning up the Vatican bank and dismissing many Masonic cardinals.Motives for the Pope's murder were in these series of dismissals and new appointments he was about to make. The Pope also wanted the Church's wealth shared with the poor. He was also on the verge of reversing the Church's position on artificial birth control, as well as cleaning up the messy Vatican Bank scandal. He was about to approve the birth-control pill. In his "Humanae Vitae," he urged pastoral clergy acceptance of contraception and also acknowledged those children born by in-vitro fertilization. A remarkable and radical change from current Church policy, indeed.Does this prove assassination by poisoning? The alleged conspirators tried to make it look like a natural death, according to Yallop. His Holiness' domestics, secretaries, doctors, Swiss Guards, police force and judiciary of the Italian State were forced into silence. Sindona, Calvi (The Banco Ambosiano Group), Marcinkus and Cardinal Cody stood to lose much if Albino Luciani were to carry out his specific course of action. There was a growing list of people about to be seriously affected by the purported action of the Pope, especially Cardinal Jean Villot, the Pope's Secretary of State. Bishop Marcinkus was to be replaced by Monsignor Abbo and Cardinal Villot was to be replaced with Cardinal Benelli as Secretary of State for the Vatican. There was apparently much corruption that the Pope was about to root out.

So, a group of aging psuedo celibate men wearing crimson beannie's have, with the assumed guidance of god, decided who is to be gods next representative on earth.......... this being more of the well-crafted hocus-pocus that oozes from the vatican, it serving to feed the simplistic imaginations of the worlds seething, and highly prolific, catholic see.....

I can not care less about the catholic religion other than the abuse of kids that goes onI like the fact that he took the name of St. Francis, God Bless the new Pope best wishes to him.

He should of named himself Pope Kobe in honor of Kobe Bryant, the greatest basketball player that ever lived.

The entire religion has lost its way. Ornate places we call churches, gold vestments and cups. The bishops, cardinals and especially the pope live like kings. Like all religions that have become nothing but big businesses bent on raising and spending money and anyone other than the poor. 12 apostles followed a poor man and founded a church that led to off shouts which sorry to say have lost their way. Easier to worship you God in the privacy of your own home

The well oiled machine that is the Vatican isn't gonna like a Pope that wants to cater to the poor.... no sirree-bob!  The Cardinals and the setup is to perpetuate the ongoing party line and now many of their jobs will be on the line... much like the Congressmen &amp; Senators have their cushy little setups on Capitol Hill.  I would love to see the Pope empty the coffers of the (very secret) Vatican Bank and help the poor; that would really frost their chops!  Also love to see him open the Bank Books and show the world just how the prior Vatican Bank did many underhanded dealings and never had to report to anyone. I would dearly love to see all Churches lose their "Tax Exempt" status and have to start paying taxes on all monies taken in which would generate enormous income. But my very fondest wish would be for their to be an in-depth investigation of the Scientology bunch which is a total SCAM and not only have them lose their Tax Exempt status and have to repay all the monies they have Scammed everyone out of.

Sounds like he was a good choice -  never heard of him before.

Wow -- the religious dont hold a grudge very long do they?

The more I learn about this guy, the more I like him. I wish him great success in putting in place the things that he preaches.  Only good things will come out of that.  FOR EVERYONE.

VIVA IL PAPA!  Austerity is the way to go. Help the poor, and, give priests who abuse children to the authorities.

Jesus said he came to give us health, to get wealth, so we have to give to others.  I have never quite understood how poverty is of God if Satan came to steal, kill, and destroy.  To be "poor" in spirit (humbled) and to serve from the heart doesn't mean to be without.  Seems kind of pious to me.  You are either a giver and love and help the poor or you don't.  What does poverty prove.  I know a lot of poor, proud, lost people.  It is all about Jesus and He owned the cattle on a thousand hills.  From the heart!

the funy thin, we knew about it and said we nver tlerate anymore, but we saw mulla in iran gov doin the same thin with iranianWhy doesn't he want revenge for the billions that have been murdered by the catholics?  What about the 1.2 billion brainwashed catholics.  What about all the homosexual child molester priesthood?

So which church is the real catholic church? The current version that refers to non-catholics as "separated brethren" or the church that murdered and tortured millions during the inquisitions, St. Bartholomews Day massacre, crusades and Croatian holocaust?

I am a Catholic as well as a Roman. Our name can be traced a 150 years before Christ when we were still fighting Hannibal.  We have been Catholics since St. Peter.  There is no doubt, this Roman (Italian), who comes to us now, by way of Argentina, will not do our church justice. I am proud to be a RomanCatholic and I will keep this religion with me when I leave.  The same way I was born...shall I depart, as did all my forefathers before me.

There would be less poor in this world if families that have trouble supporting one child did not have 3, 6, 8 children.  But that would require  family planning and maybe even birth control. Better for the poor to bring more people into the world to live in poverty.

I believe that its first mission should be to  spread the Gospel.

Pope Franky ! Dat's Da Cat's Meow !

Austere. I guess that means no more gold trim on his clothing, and lose the big ruby bishops rings.

Austere. I guess that means he will sell the pope-mobile on Ebay.

Austere. I guess that means the archbishop in the city I live in has to give up his limo and driver.

I don't need a religion to be a Christian. Just believe in the Man, the Way, the Truth, the Life. Not a way, but the Way.Francis wants the Church to be poor? So when is the Church going to sell all of its property, gold, art, books, etc. and give the proceeds to the poor?What's that you say? Never?Effing hypocrites.

This Pope is surely going to make some interesting changes in way things are presently been run in the Vatican. I wish his holiness a most successful reign. God Almighty be with him in Jesus Name Amen.

"are a legendary religious order known for intellectuals, educators and missionaries who take a special vow of obedience to the pope."No wonder I don't really care for Catholics. They always seemingly have more devotion to the leader of the church than to god.

Brilliant man...St. Peter among us! How wonderful to know that St. Peter still moves in the church he built for our savior Jesus Christ.

Heck with the POOR! What happened to the Church that built the Vatican?! The Church has never been about the poor. I'll take the old Church anyday. If the pope is really concerened about the poor, let him divest the Church of all its holdings - sell the Vatican and everything in it - and give the money to the "poor". If the Church is really about Jesus, it will survive. Money where your mouth is, Francis baby!

The global myth machine.  No wonder they target the poor.  Opium of the masses.

Nothing will get you spit on faster than Speaking English in Rome.

Pope Clement XIV must have been delighted.

How desperate was the writer to slime the RCC?  pitiful

They forget the Jesuit love of money and power and elitism and boys and cover-up.Nothing Franciscan about them.Seriously.  Search:  "The Black Pope".  Their leader who wears black.  Not derogatory.Recognize the Jesuit control of the Vatican Bank and the Curia and ask yourself -Who is in charge,, The Black Pope or the Pope.  Why did they assassinate Pope John Paul 1.YES - There was a 1 before there was a 2.  Do you think Godfather 3 made it all up?For years I have distrusted Jesuits as the root of the perversion of the Church these last decades.  I wish they would be dealt with similar to the Templars some 750 + or - years ago.Seriously, consider all that has been dark, putrid, evil in the Church these last decades can be laid at the silk laden feet of the Jesuits.  No wonder he took the name Francis after minimally being a capitulationist to the "Dirty War" in Argentina.Remember. the Church use to have martyrs.  Not capitulationist.Do they have a patron saint to capitulation now?I am so disgusted I need drugs or alcohol.There is nothing POOR about the Catholic church. Just look around....Gold....Gold....Gold....Gold....Gold....A Mercedes Pope mobile.....Gold.

"The order was restored to the Vatican's good graces by Pope Pius VII in 1814." So here we have an instance of one infallible Pope undoing an act by another infallible Pope. Gotta love that infallibility cloak. Where can I buy one?

Funny he doesn't mention the two previous popes who sought to remove the Jesuits were both poisoned.  Or how the Jesuits have worked behind the scenes for centuries increasing their own power and influence over world politics.

I don't know, it seems like he is kinda old to be starting out as a ruler of one of the largest religions on the planet.  Lets wait and see what kind of miracles he performs before we dish out all this praise.

The RCC is richer than every country on earth except the world's largest Counterfeiter - U$A ! That's because we print the World Currency Standard U$ dollar and Reaganomics has NOT stopped printing $$ faster than the speed of light since 1981.

I'm a "lapsed Catholic".  If the Pope is serious and can move the Church back to where it should be I may consider returning.

Its still a"no girls allowed club".

This will work out if we join hands with him especially the world leaders.

Lets not forget  that the Jesuit order is also known for its most vicious and sophisticated means of torture during the medivil times... I hope that pope Francis will  somewhat improve his orden's image.

I roar with laughter when I think that people actually believe this garbageObama will not like this since he wants to make people be more and more dependent on the government to survive.  The Far Left has tried to marginalize the Church and does not like that people might get exposed to religion while getting help from the Church.  The Far Left does not like competition for hearts and minds!

He will be good at somewhat counter balancing the "death culture" of the Demo(n)cratic Party of America... All the Best Francis!

No more red Gucci shoes?

Much respect and love to the new pope.  May God bless him with wisdom and patience always.

Another "Good old boy" who will change nothing and the crimes of the priesthood will keep going on until it finally breaks the church, The opportunity to "clean house" was missed again by the Cardinal's conclave.

All that garbage on the internet about the secret oaths that Jesuits take is false.  I have done the research. Though it is stated so often as fact like many other anti-catholic conspiracy theories it is rewritting of History and complete #$%$!The accusations brought against the Society have been exceptional for their frequency and fierceness. Many indeed would be too absurd to deserve mention, were they not credited even by cultured and literary people. Such for instance are the charges that the Society was responsible for the Franco-Prussian War, the affaire Dreyfus, the Panama scandal, the assassination of popes, princes, etc. — statements found in books and periodicals of some pretense. So likewise is the so-called Jesuit oath, a clumsy fabrication of the forger Robert Ware, exposed by Bridgett in "Blunders and Forgeries". The fallacy of such accusations may often be detected by general principles.Needless to say, once anything resembling "mud" gets posted on the internet, it gets repeated ad nauseum, so readers swallow the bait. And also needless to note, because of Pope Francis being a Jesuit, the malicious posts are running rampant. HERE is a look at something posted long before the new pope was elected that supports the Cath Encyc:Ware's most notable forgeries were "The Jesuit Oath" and "Foxes and Firebrands." The former is sort of like "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion," in that it falsely constructs a sort of manifesto of the Jesuits, describing their intention to "wage relentless war, secretly or openly, against all heretics, Protestants and Liberals...to extirpate and exterminate them from the face of the whole earth" and that it is still used to condemn Catholics today, either by stupid people who never heard that it was fake, or by malicious people who tell stupid people about it.

Somebody forgot to tell francis about the secret train station !

Yes, in a perfect world that would be what Jesus wanted the church to do. Look at what president Jimmy Carter did back in the 70's. He asked the US to cut back and was willing to cut back at the White House. The next President undid everything that he put into place. I hope for the Church and for the Catholic people themselves I hope that the new Pope can pull it off.The one thing that he will do is step on a lot of toes. The ones to suffer the most are the ones with the most to loose. If you have nothing you don't miss what you never had. Good Luck to the Pope. May God bless.

For a start they can start selling off the $billions in stuff in their possession, a large amount of which is loot from the Crusades and the Holucaust, and using the proceeds to aid the poor.  Getting rid of all that expensive silly looking stuff they wear would save a bunch more.But the reality is don`t expect one less child of the world to die of starvation during Fran`s reign

How exactly would he have revenge it was over 100 years ago?How can you be poor and serve the poor at the same time?

A Jesuit priest in Germany mass produced a book that brought the human race out of the Dark Ages. Martin Luther and the Gutenberg Bible.

So he wants the Church to "poor," does he?  Well, let me suggest then he start by selling off the Church's (Vatican and worldwide dioceses) vast and priceless collection of art.  That would easily net $10 TRILLION or so, which could be put to use aiding the poor.  The art would not become "lost" to humanity.  It would simply reside in different venues, e.g., the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC and similar places around the globe.  So, how about it, Your Holiness?  Let's not pretend that we don't know where to start in terms of accomplishing two objectives simultaneously -- helping the poor and making the Church poorer.Or, is His Holiness simply "blowing smoke?"

Francis of Assissi was ousted by his own congregation, the Franciscans! (Does anyone know this?!?) he he he!

Pope Francis said to remember that its mission is to serve the poor. I think His Holiness spoke with intent to remind all that GOD love everyone....rich or poor, the Lord has compassion for the poor....for there sufferings are greater to endure.We need Pope Francis...his vission and leadership thoughout the world ... one day time will stop and GOD will come to judge the living and the dead... Listen to the Pope for he a servant that shall guide us on path to the light of the Lord. .....and enter.

Alright already! Get on with the work and stop blabbering to the press on how great a guy you are, sheesh!

There was a good reason for  that suppression...Need to look into these Jesuit priests more closely..

money corrupts especially weak popes such as clement was,the society of jesus produces men  among men,such as francis is.

Why do they have to take on a name of a prior pope?  If that was always true, wouldn't they all have the same name?  Seems pretty stupid to me.

All in favor of priests being able to have consensual personal relationships instead of carrying on with this ridiculous pledge of abstinence???The reason never been a  Jesuit in Vatican is that they are all afraid of them.  They are the folks who brought us the Inquisition.  Just sayin.....

Want to improve the Church?  The Pope should admit the centuries of lies and then shut it down.

The mission to serve the poor is the mission of Jesus. This mission is a holy mission, meaning that all people have to do this ...

My God is better than your God...I can't prove it, just trust me.

When will the pedophiles be dealt with and those involved in coverimg up those crimes?

If you site at the catholic since the day Francis was chosen you can see that there is calm and every where is cool that is a sign of what we need Jesus Christ life

This Pope is not a man of God....he never ask for giveness foer his roll in kidnapping and associated with death squads...pitiful

That was interesting.......I am an alumni  from St. Peter's College "76", which is a Jesuit school.........

Plus ça change, plus c’est la meme chose.

GOOGLEOJ Simpson 1995 to Pistorius 2013, Dunblane 1996 to Sandy Hook 2013, the execution of Pope John Paul I 1978 to the "execution" of "Pope Benedict XVI" 2013, the execution of JFK, RFK and JFK Jr 1963-1968-1999 to the "execution" of "Obama", who will be sentenced to "death" 2013 by SCOTUSLet us go back to the basic foundation of catholicism in its mere history: Wars against the weakest, forgery, extortion, genocide, outright theft, plus tax exempt privileges which contribute to the conversion of Vatican City into a multi-bilion-dollar profit machine.The practice of robbing peasants, and pilgrims of their properties since the 4th Century , to self-enrich such magnanimous society living a decadent way of life hidden behind humility is appalling to the level of consternation, and dismay.A casual tour of Vatican City and,or the St Peter Basilica alone will confirm the opulence where every bit of space is used to display the finest Renaissance monuments and decoration money can buy. The gold background with the letters:"Hinc una fides mundo refulgent" almost blinds me if it was not for a pair of sunglasses I carried with me for outdoor use.Before laying the realm of poverty as a moto chosen by Pope Francis, retribution should be in the forefront of his agenda, for the papal outfit in its entirety possessed such unbelievable wealth, but has not yet alleviated the poverty of the world.Let us wait for a probable real estate auction of the Sistine Chapel with at least one of Michael Angelo's or Bernini's chef d'oeuvres by Pope Francis in order to judge his approach to poverty reform and his vow to support the poors.

...just read between the lines...

Frank sounds like a great guy with a good sense of humor.   Viva La Popa

Separation of Church and State. Some really wise people wrote this down somewhere, remember.

Franky doesn´t need to take revenge on Clement, his jesuitic forbears did, poisoning him shortly after he suppressed the order. The same fate but with a different ending befell Pious VII who was given the poison cup as well in order to force him to restore the company of Jesus with the promise to administer him the antidote if he did. Our courageous pope, thus grabbed by the balls with a hot iron pincer decided he was too young to die and that he would be doing the world (and himself) a big favor putting this monster back in motion. So Franky, thank you for nothing.

Somebody forgot to tell francis about the secret train station !

I wonder how many boys this guy plunder in Argentine or other places he visited in South America?

This article is absurd.Next they'll be crediting the pope because he didn't kill anyone today.

Fanatics.  I bet he still wants revenge against Protestantism- that is the entire purpose of Jesuits to stamp out dissent.

The past is the past don't get stuck in the past, learn from the past, for we live in the present and hopefully plan for the future ! The report is some what historically accurate. But as news media reports go some what not accurate !When with Catholics stop raping children?

I wonder if he is going to allow priest to molest little boys?

Just as soon see Kardashian articles as any thing about the catholic cult!!!

Q to sepa, nadie le ha pedido opinion a la gente.

Free admission to view the Vatican's gold, chapels and relics?

May His Holiness stand firm on his words and May He reigns Justly:-)

You tell 'em Joe.

holy #$%$ a pop concerned about the poor, he going to get thrown out for sure now...

Ya , and tell usa. How the two priests ended up drugged and naked in the forest ?

Who cares?  All catholic orders are filled with abusers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If the Pope wants a more austere Catholic Church they should part with some of their vast wealth and pay their share of tax's so that the people who don't believe in Religion have to make up the difference to support the infrastructure that they benefit from.

Sounds like a cult.

The churches most important mission should be to purge itself of child molesters. What's more important than that?

All right I feel a CableVison Pope match coming up.....Francis I against Clement XIV.....get your tickets early to beat the rush.Yeah, see rather tell his side of the Dirty War he tells other stories to divert attention. It works with Politicians.

How many children will remain in grave danger at the hands of the pedophile catholic church?

The Vatican doesn't like when the Jesuits actually practice the faith of helping the POOR.  The Vatican is about money and power, not the poor.  The only souls they're after are the idiots that would continue giving to the CHURCH or else be excommunicated.

"Pope Francis, the first Jesuit pontiff, explained on Saturday how he resisted the temptation to get revenge on Pope Clement XIV, who suppressed the priestly order in the 18th century."  This from a guy who was in bed with the Argentinian dictatorship in the 70's.  What a joke!

How many popes tried to oust them and how many of those popes drank from the poison cup of Borgia? (Look it up.)

The catholic clergy also kept quit during the nazi terror era , even sworn in to the reich furor ( heil hitler )and given military exemption , said the new opened nazi files,  the silence of the church while the poor got slaughterd is well documented !

I am not Catholic, but I am sure the new pope will bring great changes among the faiths, especially among those priests and nuns and those orders and societies that are living lavishly and amassing wealth by using the name of GOD, those who do not conform to the teaching of CHRIST! The new Pope is a symbol of true revival of faith to GOD!It means he will give the land the church owns in 3 world countries(a lot of then) . Like the liberation theology people want to do Right?  I want to live to see it!

Paquito:No tengo que recordarte q la Iglesia es la mas q asiste a personas desamparadas, hospitales, jovenes con hambre, reabilitados, etcetera

Let Francis tell us about Argentina's dirty war, and how Francis dealt with the military junta.  Maybe he should make the dirty war the topic of his next homily.   Maybe he can tie it in with Obama's dirty war in Pakistan, murdering thousands of innocent civilians.

What do you wanted to know David? Ask to the C.I.A they know to we'll

This pope should be our president..............

What did the Pope do during the reignof the Perons

jesuit cults not of JESUS CHRIST

the abomination of desolation is in place and awaiting to be set up in the holy city by which this ambassador of satan is awaiting his unlawful place. praise be to god in heaven, an praise be to his son Jesus who died on the cross for the forgiveness of sin.

The RC mission has been the destruction of works that g-d's artistic creators brought forth upon this earth thanks to inspiration derived by the famous Jewish prophet, Jesus. The result of this ongoing process will have the pristine properties completely in the hands of those who hate their troublesome reject with a passion, yet, as he serves his kith and kin perhaps as destined or by accident. Since john 23rd  the head rc's have done untold harm to a myth that kept souls on the straight and narrow..

That's the kind of obfuscating non- news to expect from the Medieval mob in Rome At least get with the 19th century cardinal birds. Frannie the fraud !Now wait, it can never be said that this group of ignorant religious nut heads are anything close to intellectuals, they must have a brain first. Boy chasing uses a different head.

This business about Clement XIV recalls to mind one other imporant event:  the French Revolution.  Historians suggest that had the Jesuit Order been fully functioning in France at that time, the order might have been able to counteract the more violent aspects of the revolution.  The Jesuits might have been able to have defended Christianity with vigor and a well disciplined organization.  It seems to me that the kings of Europe shot themselves in the foot by destroying an order that would have been to propose a more reasonable and peaceful discussion of the people's grievances.

This society of Jesuites, is a Holly Alliance that was revived in 1815 by Pope Pius VII. He revived the Jesuites, restored all their power and they are a secret society. They are Super Power with Masonic Order. They have added features of revolting odiousness and a thousand time more dangerous than a threat against America. They are not merely preists, or of one religious creed: they are merchants, lawyers, editors, and men of any profession, having no outward badge by which to be recognized. They are in everybod's society. They assume any character as long as it is in align with the Jesuites Order. They can be ministers, angels of light, or ministers of darkness to accomplish their great end. They are all educated men, prepared and sworn to start at any moment, and in any direction, and for any service, commanded by the General of the Order. They are not bound to any family, community, or country; by the ordinary ties which bind men; and they are Sold for Life  ( solded to the devil)to the cause of the Roman Pontiff.  Governor Brown of California is a Jesuite, several Senators are Jesuites, they are out to take over the world, and they will, and so comes our end.

So anti-pope francis wants to give away whats left of the riches of The True Traditional Catholic Church !  Wait ! What's that noise ? BOOM ! BOOM ! da da BOOM ! THE SAINTS ARE MARCHING IN !And the communist masonic pryamid of lies is DEAD ! In fact we ARE putting the nails on the coffin as we speak !Full sto ry online. Todays Catholic World .

I wish that reporters ,who are largely non-religious, who simply refrain from writing their infantile articles about the new pope.

Fact a pope long ago practiced #$%$

Of course the jesuits didnt do any thing wrong ever in the world. Hey, isnt Argentina the country that the worst #$%$ escape too at the close of ww2?/

That would have been better. Taking a name never used before speaks volumes--- it 'look at me, look at me, look at me'

After world governments get throu draining it dry the Catholic Church will be poor. I see a day when it will also move location of the holy city to South America. To get away from the wicked ways of past, might happen in the coming year.

Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, NOW I get it, Frankie. Three card monty. Focus on some BS in the ******* EIGHTEENTH century, and take the attention of the moronic idiotic catholics away from the rapists and pederast pedophile priests in the TWENTY FIRST century.Nice try, Frankie goes Hollywood. SOME of us are not as stupid as the rest of the catholics in America. Brun in hell, Frankie and Rat Boy.Sorry, #$%$? He has information (thank you Rat Boy Benny) on pedophiles and he's worrying about the EIGHTEENTH CENTURY?And you moron catholics keep paying money to this evil thing known as the RCC.

Christian von Wernich, who was a former chaplain of the police department inArgentina and also later was convicted of being involved. He was convicted, andhe’s in jail, in a common jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure ofBergoglio, hasn’t punished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by thehuman justice, but by the church standards, he’s always a priest. And this tellssomething about Bergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich,who was a former chaplain of the police department in Argentina and also laterwas convicted of being involved. He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in a commonjail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’t punishedhim, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by thechurch standards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglioand the Argentine church also.

Bergoglio, now the new Pope Francis I, has been identified publicly as an allyof Argentine’s repressive leaders during the “dirty war” when some 30,000 peoplewere “disappeared” or killed, many stripped naked, chained together, flown outover the River Plate or the Atlantic Ocean and pushed sausage-like out of planesto drown.The “disappeared” included women who were pregnant at the time of their arrest.In some bizarre nod to Catholic theology, they were kept alive only long enoughto give birth before they were murdered and their babies were farmed out tomilitary families, including to people directly involved in the murder of thebabies’ mothers.

He looks like a #$%$ jew not even Catholic

This Pope's days are numbered.   The conclave of Jackals or Vatican are watching and seething with anger at the Pope for daring to take their wealth.    How can anyone eat a rare steak without a good bottle of red wine?  Or sleep on nothing but goose down filled bed and pillows.  Or bath in the sweetest water that only GOLD can buy?

They call the Jesuits the "Pope's  Marines."  I just might go back to the church now.

Pope Francis will be fine as long as he doesn't marry Tammy Faye Baker or partner with Pat Robertson! Robertson's message is simple "God loves you and needs money &amp; here's the address to send it to".

Jesuits are very very very right wing I think.....For the church to still say that sex before married and sex with condoms is a nono, I hope they keep loosing some more of their influence on otherwise normal people.P.S.: I am a straight male not really right and not left at all...

Dominic would have been most shocking, Dominicans and Jesuits disagree on many things.  They do agree that Jesus Christ is The Saviour!

One Jesuit of old named Father Benzi declared: "it is only a slight offence to feel the breasts of a nun", and, because of it, the Jesuits were nicknamed the "mammaliary theologians".Here's another one: Amongst the most criminal Jesuitic maxims, there is one which roused public indignation to the highest point and deserves to be examined; it is: "A monk or priest is allowed to kill those who are ready to slander him or his community."Another Jesuit wrote: : "If a Father, yielding to temptation, abuses a woman and she publicizes what has happened, and, because of it, dishonours him, this same Father can kill her to avoid disgrace!"Another one:  Another son of (Ignatius, founder of the Jesuits) Loyola, quoted by "Le grand flambeau" Caramuel, thinks that this maxim must be upheld and defended: "the Father can use it as an excuse to kill the woman and so preserve his honour". This monstrous theory was used to cover many crimes committed by ecclesiastics and probably was, in 1956, the reason if not the cause for the lamentable affair of the priest of Uruffe.