"Claudia Ruiz Massieu hasn't said why the drop has occurred..." , I think decapitated bodies might have something to do with it?

"Baghdad Bob" couldn't put a spin as good as this on Mexico's pathetic tourism decline.

Drug cartels wouldn`t hesitate to kill anyone.

Mexico used to be ok, but now not even the Mexicans want to be there.

I am astounded it has taken this long. You have corrupt cops shaking you down and the drug cartels shooting up the countryside. On top of that you can't turn around without hitting a beggar or con artist, what's not to like?

Ya think??  Everybody is trying desperately to sell their vacation homes.  Their are thousands now on the market.

You can Blame the Drug Lords...................I will NEVER visit Mexico.

During a trip with the International Red Cross, I was once pulled over by a Mexican cop for an "illegal left turn" while driving over a hundred miles without a single turn.  He immediately wanted a "payment."  I gave him $30 and went on my way.  About twenty miles down the road, I was pulled over by another cop.  I found out that cops and federalis in Mexico will stop ANYONE with U.S. license plates and demand a "payment."

Who makes these list? I have been there and that country sucks. To prove my point just count all the Mexicans risking their lives to be in the USA.

I cant imagine how mexico was on the list in the first place.Good, maybe now their disgusting government will start to clean up their act.

"May" drop from the top ten.  I'd put it right down there with India at the bottom of the heap.

You mean the endless war in the streets isn't good for tourism?  Who knew?

Meanwhile our government and media are encouraging us to welcome and absorb Mexicans into our country, our economy, and our society. A sponge can only hold a finite amount of water. We'll see critical mass soon enough...

Then the Mexicans sneaking into the U.S. want to fly their Mexican flag. Go figure

About a decade ago it was a nice place to visit, shop, eat and spend some time there.  Now the people who can, are leaving and not looking back.

Geez let's figure this out.  Drugs and murders galore and corruption and unsafe conditions everywhere.  No one is safe.  Gosh do you suppose that has something to do with the drop in tourism?

They may have dropped from the top 10, but as far as i am concerned they don't even make my list....

The Mex leaders needs to stop the corruption and keep your citizens at home!WE ARE SICK FROM THE ILLEGAL INVASION!

funny thing to me is they sure know how to use a gun here why not thereDrug Cartels = copycats of Islam....beheading and torture

Mexico's government is more interested in keeping the drug trade than promoting tourism.

Gee, I can't imagine why.....( take a look at this news site ) Borderlandbeat.

No need to go to Mexico anymore, California will suffice.

Not with all the guns Holder, Obama and the DOJ sent to drug cartels. 50, 000+ dead including US Border Patrol.

Why would we need to go to Mexico? They have come to us and made many parts of the US just like the 3rd world that they came from!

I wouldn't go there if you gave me an all-expenses paid trip with spending money on top.

Theres nobody left there to work the tourist trade they all came across the fence or under it . ////

I would have thought that occurred before now. Anyone capable of running, swimming, jumping, climbing, or working has already left Mexico.

Quite frankly, I don't see why any Americans would travel to Mexico to support them when we already have to support them in the United States.Good - the world will be a safer place

"Tourism Secretary Claudia Ruiz Massieu hasn't said why the drop has occurred, but there were declines in 2012 in two areas that have been affected by violence — border tourism and cruise ship stopovers. "  I can tell you why and I won't charge a consulting fee. It has to do with drugs, violence, and the fact that Mexico is not longer a good deal. I feel safer and get more for my money in other parts of the world.

I`ve been to Cancun, nowhere is safe there except Cozumel, which is an island. The Cancun airport is far out from the city. I would be nervous as hell traveling the 35 minute ride into Cancun

They should decide whether they want a peaceful country filled with happy tourists, or a dark violent world filled with drug gangs and NO tourist dollars.

How about increasing the number by taking back all your illegals in the usa as "tourists!"

QUESTION FOR PEOPLE HERE : I`m going to Jerusalem by myself ( no tour, since I`ve been there before) and do you think it is safe with all that`s happening in that region ??? please answer

Don`t go to Puerto Rico either. I was robbed at knifepoint in san juan

My dad lives in Mexico because that is where he was born and raised. He came to the US and married my mother and had us kids and after they divorced he went back to his native country. I love my dad and I wish he could be with us and that I could visit him but it is to dangerous there for my kids and I. He is getting older and with agr comes health problems so I am helping financialy by sending money for food and bills but I would never go to visit and if I did I would not take my children. I used to visit when I was a child and I speak Spanish and look Hispanic but I would stilll not feel safe. I know when my dad passes I will have to face that fear and go but it really isn't worth the risk. I think things are going to continue to worsen. My dad was once robbed for the money that I sent him via Moneygram when he went to pick it up. People are ruthless in that part of the world and no one is safe not even their own.

Probably because no carnival ships can make it there and back..

People are being Shot and beheaded in the streets.Sounds like a good reason NOT to go there.It use to be a beautiful country, with wonderful customs and people. Now, with all the terrorist's and drug lords killing ten's of thousands of people a year--not many want to risk going there anymore. To bad the guns are in the hands of the wrong people. This is an example of what happens to countries that take the guns from the citizens. Only the murderers have them now.

Tourism is dropping is because it is not a safe country.  When they break the cartels, maybe people will return.  They have a lot of nerve charging the rates that they do.

Bored in Baghdad?Quiet in Kandahar?Somnolent in Somalia?Try Mexico!!!

I guess tourism is "dead".

Really, don't know why the drop in tourists?  Really?

this will make it cheaper for the rest of us

I love Mexico and the people were very nice but the drug wars and recent rapes have taken it's toll .

"The regional director for the World Tourism Organization said Tuesday it may be less a story of Mexico losing tourists than about other countries such as Russia, Malaysia and Austria making big gains."Talk about burying your head in the sand.  How about telling the truth, and saying that Mexico has become as dangerous a destination for Americans as Beirut.

"May"? LOL Maybe if you're looking to go on the last vacation of your life because you are dying from cancer or are suicidal but can't take you own life, then Mexico is a GREAT choice!

If we can make sanctions against other countries who do banking in our country or their country thru u.s. Banks that have offices in mexico, who allow their citizens to illegally enter our country without lifting a finger....then is time to issue economic and financial sanctions against mexico.  further who needs to go to mexico anyway, we have mexico in our own country.  and if congress gets their way, we will and allows illegal mexican immigrants in our country to become citizens, we will have even more mexico in our country.  nothing wrong with economic and financial sanctions...we do that to other countries.I saw parts of poor Puerto Vallarta....they dig holes in dirt in their "yard" to schit

Visit Mexico: Like Scarface, but without the opulent consumerism . . .

Ya think! All the killings, duh

I've been there twice. Both times I got sick from the water. Not going back.

I worked down there for three years,would never do it again. The tourist areas are not indicative of the rest of the country in any way shape or form. The place is a toilet,even though most of them have no idea what one is.

I got the schits in Mexico, I`m talkin BAD SCHITS, lasted for a dang week.

i expected that cant go bcos ur afraid of getting mugged and or raped....send all the illegals back home and let them take their country back...

I heard several months ago that a bus of tourists was attacked and robbed.  My mom went back in the early 90's and there were police with machine guns on the street corners.  Gee, is that any kind of a vacation.  And now you have to worry about being beheaded??  No thanks.  I'll spend my $ here in the good ole USA

It is sad, I used to enjoy going to Mazatlan, the people were wonderful, kind, friendly but with the potential for violence I won't risk it any longer.

I wouldn't be surprised and neither should they. That is what happens when you have people in your own towns being gunned down, kidnapped, decapitated, mutilated, and everything else in between by drug cartels.So, do you think drug cartel violence has something to do with it?

been there 6 times in the 80's-90's and it was nice, the people were kind, the food was awesome and the drinks were strong.. you couldnt pay me to visit any tourist destination in Mexico today.....

It is obscene that the PRI went hand in glove for many year with the Cartels, then when PAN and Fox tried to clean it up, the cartels got so violent that the PRI got back in office.  How sick is that?  I just won't risk going back to Mexico.

Afghanistan is a safer spot, lol

illegals cause us all kinds of problems. your not an American if you don't boycott mexico!

boo hoo  third world shi&amp;**^&amp;U hole suck it up chico

The press has sensationalized the violence there and it has hurt tourism. I have been traveling in Mexico often for over 20 years, most large cities there are far safer than comparable cities here in the US. My fellow gringo just enjoy being scared, fear is perhaps the biggest industry we have here.

That's pretty sad.  Mexico is losing its spot to a country where the residents think it is The Will Of Allah to kill Westerners.

Perhaps they should stop chopping off heads and extorting money from people?  This failed narco state needs a good flush.  Mexico SHOULD be as wealthy as the USA and Canada but their corrupt culture won't let them.

These days Mexico has too much crime, with too many corrupt law officials giving too little protection. If I was offered free, first class vacation to Mexico I would not go. Freedom of choice is one of many reasons I love being an American citizen.These days Mexico has too much crime, with too many corrupt law officials giving too little protection. If I was offered free, first class vacation to Mexico I would not go. Freedom of choice is one of many reasons I love being an American citizen.

I used to go quit regularly but will no longer go anywhere in Mexico, ever! I can hear others that say well if you go to this city you will be safe with tips like, just becareful at night, etc. I have no desire to go there again as long as there are so many other alternate places to go.Bye bye Mexico, I don't need it.

"Mexico may drop out of world's tourism top 10"   They need to be dropped out of the list of civilized coutries to boot.

Why go to a place you are hated ???Boycott mexico...place, product, people.

Uhhh let me see, go to Mexico and risk getting shot by a cartel member or go to the Bahamas' and not worry.  Tough choice but I will take the Bahamas'.

I`m nervous about even leaving our borders anymore. the world is crazy

Yea.....like I want to witness, or god forbid, be a part of a cartel party....sure....

Living in the USA is Mexican enough-we see the ills being invaded here

Can't drink the water ,horrible medical, non-existant emergency care, crime and killings, high prices, poor English, etc. etc. so why go?

All the Mexicans are living in the US. Mexico doesn't exist anymore, it's the new United States. If the Mexicans don't want to stay in their own Country then why would anyone want to vacation there. They ruined their own country now they are ruining ours!!But they made the top 10 vacation spots to be kidnapped, they fall right behind Afghanistan

I guess that would happen when your Tourism Minister gets murdered.

I vacationed in Mexico twenty years ago; it was wonderful.  So safe ... they protected tourists and I would have allowed my children out alone after dark.  Not so much any more, the drug money is too great for them to resist.  RIP Mexico.

When you have drug lords dictating the future of your country, tourism is bound to suffer....duh!

Mexico is one of my favorite places to vacation.  Really sad that their government is so out of control.  If it wasn't mexicans wouldn't need to come to the US to survive.

I am amazed that Mexico - this feces infested, crime riddled, drug lord run, rim - job of a country was ever in the top ten attractions for tourists!

About time....  stop supporting corruption.

Why bother to pay to travel to Mexico when I can drive down the freeway and see its refuse for free.

Yes, but Mexico has risen to top 3 in "Most Tourist Assassinated!!"!!

Visit the USA first. After you've ran out of places in America to admire and enjoy you can then go to Mexico and be killed.Maybe it's the one out of every four american tourists is raped, robbed. or murdered.Maybe the old way of getting there on a cruise ship that's now like vacationing in a third world country without sanitation or warm food is a problem.  Watchya think?

best one I've heard all day!!!

Bombs, guns, drugs and gangs is not a method to promote tourism.Legal prostitution, if the women are pretty and stacked is an attraction.

mexico is a lush, beautiful, temperate climate paradise.......the problem is, mexicans live there.....

We don't need to go to mexihole excuse me mexico is already here . Mexican stores where you can send your money back to mexico. Mexican restaurants every 20 ft. What's with the clothes that look like costumes in those clothing stores. Anyways I have had enough mexican "cultural" to last 2 lifetimes.

I am sure somebody has already stated this but.... if Mexico is soo friggin great why is there a hoard of folks coming here?? Free stuff maybe?? Free stuff payed for by US citizen/tax payer.

Mexico is a fine example for gun control.  Only gangs and criminals have guns.

Has anyone been to Nuevo Laredo lately?  We used to go there a lot, and I wonder what its like now.

Are you saying no one wants to go to a country that you can get gunned down in the street? thats just crazzzzyyy =P

If I want to get raped I can go to Ohio, If I want beaten I can go to Kansas, If I want kidnapped i can go to Alabama and If I want murdered I can go to any number of states. Why go on vacation? America has it all!Say it anit so.  Mexico,  naked beaches, pesos, tacos, druggos!  Shootos to killos.

This is sad, I loved my trip to Cancun, what a beautiful country.  But the violence is absurd, the police are a joke and the citizens are too scared to fight the gangs.

Your not safe in Mexico friends...

A co-worker of mine and his wife went to Mexico last year to visit a town that they had been to 7~8 years before that they had really liked. Instead of staying for the week as they had planned, they came back after 2 days. He said the entire town was in fear from all the drug gangs and they were in fear of being kidnapped or killed themselves!

Marxist lawless leadership sets the conditions for the culture of killing

Don't ever go to Mexico unless you have a death wish. period.

Why is it Americans can only read what they hope to see?  The income from Tourism in Mexico has increased, it's right there in the article. And if you Google other tourism articles you will see that the numbers of tourists to Mexico have increased by 3% including Americans. Only Acapulco has lost Americans tourists, but they simply went to other parts of Mexico. Look it up if you don't believe these statements. And the drop in rank is attributable to other world spots gaining tourists. Americans of the tea party sort are celebrating for nothing. Sheesh.

no #$%$ sherlock....

Let see: Corrupted police dept. kidnappings, robberies, drug lords. Those are a few things that comes to mind.   My friend from Mexico City, told me that when she goes back home she don't even wear her cheap jewelry because is so dangerous.

Everyone should be on ALERT&gt;.........Obama and the democrats are planning to take 10% out of all bank accounts and 401K's........there will be no warningI'm sorry folks but numero uno in the world for murder, assualt, rapes, homosexuals and child molestors is the good ol USA. Beautiful country infested with sick people.

It might have something to do with the drug wars.

Never Again!!

uh lemme see, the country is full of thugs in the government and the streets, more people have been killed there than 5 viet nams over drugs, and I still cant tell why the drop has occured says a goverment secretary. Ya couldn't pay me to go to that toilet.

Should have already been off....wouldn't even trust to go there by way of a cruise...!

Stay home, cheaper hotels for me, I still love Mexico and most Mexicans.

good we need a place to put used tires

Maybe I live too close to Mexico but I couldn't be paid enough to go to that cesspit.

I'll take Hawaii over Mexico anyday and twice on Sunday.  Mexico is the world's newest armpit.

They are losing tourist because all the hotel / resort workers are here,lining up for citizenship before Obama and Holder leave office !Exactly what they deserve!

This is not a surprise.  Many places in Mexico have to be some of the most dangerous places on earth.

IF YOU WANT TO VACATION in Mexico....only go to Cozumel...it is an island 20 miles off the coast...the drug cartels have no interest in cozumel and no violence ever reported there.

Good...fewer obese cruise ship people walking around Cabo...more beach and sunshine for us...and I would stay away from major American cities..like Vegas..Chicago,,New York..L.A ,,your chances of bodily harm are much greater there than here in Cabo..please stay away,,and keep your stereotypes fed to you by main stream media and your obamacare north of the border,,,adios...

Mexico may drop out , I may drop out, you may drop out, What kind of dumb news is this?

thats what happens when tourists get shot by drug cartells

Drug Cartals, thousands of people murdered, robbery, hijackings...welcome to Mexico.

HA hA, California is Mexico,just not as many dirt roads or diarrhea. AS an American citizen I choose to and inform others to, boycott filthy Mexico to hurt them economically as their thieving baby breeding for welfare, no tax paying relatives are to America.

You might lose your wallet when traveling to other countries.  But traveling to Mexico, you will probably lose your head.

Mexico may drop out of world's tourism top 10, but continue to breed like filthy rodents overwhelming the school, medical and public service sectors in every city and town they invade.welcome to Mexico! now give us all of your cash and we will only kill you and leave your head on your body! thanks tourists for bolstering our economy. jeesh why dont people want to go to mexico anymore?

That cant be possible. Who wouldnt want to spend a lovely weekend in a mud hut where you cant drink the water and have to barricade your door at night with twigs so the cartel doesnt come in and kill you randomly?

Out of tourism top 10, but climbing the charts in beheadings.

"no need to go to mexico since they cannot and will not keep t.heir people from coming into this country illegally.  no need to go to mexico and spend any tourist dollars since the u.s. Government continues to send them millions of dollars of taxpayers money, who are already paying thru the nose for the illegal immigrants in this country......

Obviously the President is on the take....the drug lords and police never shoot up his house and decapitate his family and then just like Obama he blames everyone else ...Psychopaths....this is what a marxist disarmed society must endure.

yeah?... i bet india's gonna follow too... full of rapists

About time. I would rather spend my american made money in america. No country has the national parks that the US does. Butit is a little disturbing that they hire foriegners to work there in the summers. Wish they would encourage US citizens to get those jobs.

Mexico may drop out of world's tourism top 10???.......the entire country should drop off the planet...

Why would anybody want to visit this corrupt crime ridden drug cartel controlled poverty hole?

I am shocked by the "may" .... makes you wonder how f up the world really isI once hoped to "laying on a beach" in Mexico, retired.  Now it looks more like I'd be" lying on a beach" in Mexico, dead.  What absolute fools.

Not to mention the police tax at the airport before your leave.  Its would be like the TSA demanding $50 or you do not fly.

Mexico needs to go to usa and pick up there 11 million ++++ illegals and take them back ..........take the other illegals from other countries while you're at it .........mexico is a dump ....

It's cheap and it's close. So people with little money can visit. Europe and Asia are both expensive.

good. Now maybe I can afford to go to Cancun.

This article is too funny - because there was another article the other day saying that all the violence in Mexico has not had an impact on tourism but in fact tourism was up.  So which is it - is tourism in Mexico up or is it down?

I am an American living in Mexico and enjoying every minute for the last 14 years.   Never been bothered by anyone - enjoy travel and getting out.    The media tends to exaggerate violence to sell their product.  The US has much more killings per capita than Mexico.    Amazed by all the opinions of people who do not know much about the country.

It just amazes me why people want to go to Mexico other than it being cheap. I have heard some nice things about it but never wanted to go. The Caribbean is so much better and safer, I go every year.

Who wld want to go to Mexico in the first place. Kidnappings, drug wars, local police are even in on it. Like I said Why go there in the first place. It would be like planning a trip to Somolia to sun by the beach. Then be killed by pirates...

Too bad for Mexico , but their only busy beaches are along our border and their engineers and physcisists leaving for  Obamaland.Gee!...wonder why?

I live in Puerto Vallarta, we have low housing vacancy rates real estate is still doing great and the city is much safer than most cities in the USA. So stay in the good old USA, pay high taxes. The only difference between mexico and the usa is bribery in mexico is part of the way you do business its all on top of the table, in the usa it is all under the table

Im all for an exciting vacation but dont consider getting killed one of them.

"Mexico may drop out of world's tourism top 10"Wait, are they refering to the US or the first country to be named Mexico?

Ruiz Massieu? you have to be kidding Me......she comes from one of the most crooked familes in Mexico...how in the world is she in this office?

Thank God.The signs we've been posting are finally working.  They read, "Yankee Go Home".

Ok...u get into a border town....get a room...get some duds on....walk 6 blocks from the hotel....walk into a ....cantina.....lots of young ladys walking around plying there ....trade....u go ...woo...hoo...lets get our funk on...lots of booze flowing...hordes of ladies on yur lap....now ur talkin.....u play a few games of pool....sprread a little money around...tip the bartender....and the bouncer....u decide to leave with 2 scantily clad young ladies on yur arm..u head out the door..u love mexico...u walk toward yur hotel....with some doinking on yur mind...out of nowhere a barrell appears against the side of yur head...And some cuffs go around yur wrists...u are thrown into a car...and a bag is put over yur head.....u are now thinking this aint good... They take yur money....they take yur clothes ....they take yur cards....and if u are extremely lucky and only becuase there buddies own the hotel u are staying in.....they dont flat a....s......kill ya....u wake up thown out of a car...a few broken ribs....a broken ankle ...a black eye...dislocated shoulder...but hey yur alive....now i dont know about u but....this would have some bearing on any and all future decisions i may have in regards to spending any time in the country of mexico....but hey thats just me....

because USA, 99% of the drugs goes into USA, wake up monkeys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the rest of 1 % goes to the Vatican!

no even one gram come here in China!!!!!!

mexicans..............If Mexico was in the top10 what dose that say about the rest of the world!!!

Who wants to be a crime victim?  Mexico has lost control and can't protect anyone from criminals, brigands, and thieves.  Go to Mexico City and take a chance on getting kidnapped when you get off the plane.  I have been to many dangerous places but the risks of traveling in Mexico aren't worth it.

Mexico and India are making their own list.  Top 10 places to get gang raped

green  go  home       gringo

It's a nation full of corrupt law enforcement and Killers!!!~!!

I will never go to mexico, if i want to see killing and drugs ill go to comton,calif

Would that make the cocaine-cartels sad?

Obviously, they need to kick up the overseas promotion of the Mexican Jumping Bean.

The real questions is, How on earth a country with staggering numbers of theft, kidnapping, murders, false incarcellations  and now rape of those who dare to go as tourist to Mexico, has managed to even be in the top 25 ?? It's unbelievable that anyone would dare to do so !!

Way to go mexico!!! Keep lopping heads off.I've said for years "why would anyone want to vacation in a WAR ZONE. I don't like one thing about MEXICO or its drug cartels...

We used to visit Mexico often but it's now so crime ridden, dirty, nasty, and corrupt that no one is safe anywhere in that shithole.  Fact....the towns have no sewage drainage and it's common to see local #$%$ in roadside ditches, wipe with fingers, and just walk way.

The only reason togo to Mexico, get kidnaped or shoot. In years gone buy a while ago we did go to Mexico and had great times.

And with amnesty for tens of millions of illegal aliens, our "leaders" in Washington will soon be bringing Mexico's dysfunctional culture to a neighborhood near you.

My friends, life is beautiful. Many nice destinations all over Mexico... get informed. And yes is not safe yet!!! but the country is one of the best for tourist. thanks and don't get upset please.

NOT - wow this journalist sucks, talk about media brain washing

I prefer to stay in the U.S. Lately. At least I can drink the water without getting Montezuma's Revenge...

WHAT!!!!!!! Mexico still on the top ten tourist destinations???? What's there to go see???? The massive chopped off bodies, the burned out businesses, the daily street shootings, the drugged out mexicans  zombies, the bullet riddle buildings, the ghost towns......

We have some comments here from some people with their head up their #$%$. And that's great. Mexico has some beautiful beaches that I wouldn't care to see any of you racists losers on anyhow. Continue to hate freely. God hates you too.

They need to change Mexico to Ripofico !! Mexico sucks and is a major ripoff. The prices they charge are a joke, there is always someone waiting to #$%$. Adios Banditos !!No surprise!  I live only 130mi. to the Mexican border.  I use to go to TJ all the time, but every time I went I always had that "visit with caution" feeling all the time.  I haven't been deep in Mexico in years.  So sad that I live close to Mexico and I haven't visited all the other tourist cities because of my bad experience with the local police the first time (and the last time) I visited Mazatlan.  I will remain to stay away from Mexico until they can clean up their corrupt police and drug violence.

Mexico is a great place to vacation, to get away. Have never felt any threat in more than 20 trips. Do some homework before you comment, any place has some danger. Try some resort areas, fantastic, and cheaper than Hawaii.

well yeah!!  you don't have anyone left to cater to the tourists.  they are all up here. would you like them back? please send a self addressed stamped envelope.(we can't afford the postage and have spent way too much supporting your garbage already)

I wonder how the tourism numbers are in that nasty liberal yardape country called Detoilet?

the real citizens of USA doesn't need your kind......

Boycot Mexico, Mexican Products, Mexican Made, until Mexico learns to stop being a corrupted disgusted country. We do this and we'll force the government to start taking care of the people, their streets, country, and build dignified officials. Perhaps the Cartels will stop hiring police as their officials.

Geez, I thought Mexico dropped out of the top 10 a long time ago.

Mexico has corrupted shameless police officials and will always will. There is no shame in government officials. Further, it is not just the police who are corrupted, but the funds to clean up the streets, fix the infrastructure is also pocketed by top officials....This my friends is a FACT!

if you want to see a beautiful, inexpensive latin american country with very pleasant people go to el salvador. i have traveled there on my own twice and have never been concerned for my safety. stay out of san salvador at night and visit the other departamentos. it is a beautiful unspoilt country.

their weed suks now too ...I would, again visit Mexico if they would allow me, my wife and kids to carry a AK47. I really trust their police and military (if I had sufficient cash to pay them off).

people die to get there I cant wait

Guess what!!! Mexico doesn't owe trillions, USA owes Mexico  don't come Americans!!! We actually don't like you!! We will rape your wife's !!! Remember el Alamo!!

Informed travellers know that many parts of Mexico remain safe. IE: all southern Mexican states: Oaxaca, Chiapas, Tabasco, Campeche, Yucatan and Quintana Roo (except Cancun).  Queretaro, Guanajuato, Baja California Sur are some of the other safe states. It appears posters are paid to troll to try to mislead tourists into thinking that all of Mexico is dangerous, but the US Govt. Travel Advisory says otherwise,

why bother they all here in the united states any way I thought I was in toxico

All y'all crazy.  Was just there and it was completely fine.  Just be smart and don't go wondering off by yourself and you'll be safe.

Is Claudia Ruiz Massieu just stupid, or is she playing stupid.  I like Mexico but I would never go there again. Better have your last will and testament filed before you go there.

in the top ten??????  hard to believe!!!!!!

It sucks alright! google the word T U L U M and see what you'd get going there!

Hollllly..... how top 11 looks like?It is a total shame that our neighbor to the south has become a third world country!

damn yankees . . . . .

Been there twice, what a s%^%hole! very dangerous even to cross the border from San Diego to Tijuana for some bargain shopping.  I talked to some residents and Mexican citizens who even said it's a dangerous, dirty, corrupt country... I would never vacation there again.

Well Claudia baby.....think I'm bringing my family to a country that murders 70K people a year over DRUGS??

Oh No.Snore

While I despise illegal immigration, reading through these comments shows how truly uninformed and ignorant the American masses can be. Mexico is no less safe then most American cities for the average person. If you are not mixed up in the drug trade or gangs you are just as safe or safer then most large American cities. I live not too far from the Mex border and visit TJ frequently.  I never have had any issues where I felt my life has been in danger. There is great food, beer, and women to be had and your all missing out! The worst thing about going is the stupid long line on the way back.

Detroit took its spot?

I hate the drug cartels SOOO MUCH.

Good!! Thailand is better anyhow!!

Mecksicko will subsequently move to the top of the list of the World's Most Despicable Excusefor a Nation/Culture. Although they have been on that list for many years, now ! Que lastima !Still in the top 10 to get killed in.

Too Dangerous! if the police are corrupt &amp; don't protect their own, what would one expect if i only visit. F that, thier's lots of places i havn't visited in the U. S.

What a bunch of losers in the is tread oh maybe you should take your kids out of school or never go to the movies again so much murder and mayhem in america but that's ok drug gangs killing each other and somehow this make the whole country dangerous..you people are stupid and you can't fix that.

Mexico #$%$ all you have to do is visit California ..

When you go to the beach in Mexico you can't relax for two minutes without someone trying to sell you something you dont want.  The tourist food is the same price as the united states. And the government is so corrupt, travel books and friends advise you to bring money just for bribing officials. And that's not even talking about the drug wars, the decapitated bodies, and all the murdered government officials.

there are plenty of beautiful places in the u.s.a. to visit or vacation.

So would it be asking AP too much to actually list the top 10 countries? (DUH)

I just came from Mexico City and I had the time of my life, I met very nice people (im a female travelling by myself) made it back home safe! I guess I was very lucky, but my experience there was great!

They should, anybody is here in the USA

Just like chicago, come for a visit, but bring your own body bag.A great place to visit, much safer than the US if you avoid the border area. I spend a month there every year. We don't even lock the casita.

Ever since the passport/passport card requirements TJ has been dead.. people still go but its nothing like it was before. Ave Revolution is now a ghost town, where as a few years ago it was packed full of Americans having fun. No American tourist have been killed down there I have herd of due to drug cartel violence that I have hear of.Most of the violence has been between the people in the drug trade. Mexico is no less safe then many of the large American cities. I still go and hit the clubs once a month and have no worries about it.

Please fix your country so, I can see my family.

Way to many stink-skin white-folks go there.they have made a mess of the place for everybody.selling gun's,and bring back drugs.white-folks will ruin anything.