I never went to any proms and im straight.

I didn't waste my money on the #$%$ either. High school was a joke anyway.

Gays in LA feel unwelcomed?? LOL!!! Try Texas and see what unwelcomed is.

You have to be a pretty sad case when you have to tell people to like you.

Why would any guy fight for the right to wear heals?  Most women I see are walking around barefoot by the end of the night because of those miserable shoes.

Hilarious how human primates always want to split up into little arbitrary groups and then hate on each other.  Human history in a nutshell.

Can I start a white,heterosexual club in the school(academic freedom vs. P.C.)?

I do not recognize the country anymore.

The area where they wanted to post flyers is a "no flyer' area.  No one can post flyers in this area.  They push the limits of the rules and then suck their thumbs and cry. Who is being harassed?

"Moral imperative" Oh the irony....

Coming to every school in every state very very soon--uniforms.  These uniforms will be issued by the school and worn at any time you are on school grounds for any reason.  End of story.  Everyone Offended Equally.How does one find a pair of heels to match a tux?

seems the gay community confuses toleration with approval.I can tolerate their behavior, i do not nor ever will approve of it

Wow I need to call the ALCU!   My kid is in charge of a club at school.  They refer to it by the abbreviation and the flyers he wants to put up have to be approved (along with the tape they use to hang them) two weeks in advance.

The school clubs have sure changed still I went. Is there one for "straight" students? How about one for "acne prone" students?

yawn.. "made student members of a gay and lesbian club... feel harassed and unwelcome"Translation: some normal heterosexual told one of them, "No I'm not gay" and that is what the gays consider "harassment" and "feeling unwelcome".The time of coddling these mental patients is way past over. The concept of giving special treatment to others because they chose an unnatural lifestyle is pathetic and regressive.Fun Fact: 99% of claims by gays, of "harassment", "discrimination", or "gay bashing" are completely fabricated. When they don't like someone's 1st amendment-protected opinion, they scream "bigotry". When someone refuses to kow-tow to them and give them special rights above all others, they scream "discrimination". Whenever they make a claim of "gay bashing", it's because they committed it against themselves in order to hoax others into believing that it actually happens so they can get sympathy and special protection. Of all the liberals, the gays are the biggest hypocrites and the most intolerant.

WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  LOOK AT ME I"M GAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Yahoo should come out of the closet and just admit they're gay.

eventually you won't be able to look crosseyed at a gay or lesbian without being accused of something.  thats what happens when you give them a inch they take a mile

Girls in tuxedos and boys in high heels? Do they want a freaking clown show? What's happening to my country?

What kind of man spends time thinking about the sex lives of other men?First of all clubs used letters only when I went to high school in the 60's....ie YFC was Youth for Christ.....we never fealt and I still don't see that as a discriminating form of treatment, Secondly we always had dress requiremnets in school. You can be str8 or gay but you need to follow school rules on dress codes. The purpose of going to school is to learn and people who want to draw attention to themselves for what ever reason add to disruption.

I am a free American, and I can hate who or what I want!

You insane Liberals have allowed your perverted agendas to nearly ruin everything.  I venture to say if a Christian Club were to form at this high school they'd have to meet off campus.

I am  a White Heterosexual male, I feel like the world is against me because of the fact I fit in no special interest minority group. SOOOOOO tired of hearing from all these groupsd how the world needs to change to fit them. Racism and bigotry will never go away.

One does not go to school to flaunt one's sexuality, gay or straight.  One goes to school to learn.  Anything to the contrary notwithstanding is ludicrous.  Keep the gay stuff, and the hetero stuff, OFF CAMPUS.

people really need to get this through their thick skulls. harassment will ALWAYS be there. you can't FORCE people to like someone. it's a fact of life. grow up!! and be better than those kinda people.

Sounds like it is time to simply get rid of proms all together and just have private parties going forward. The actual Prom Dance was the most boring part of all 3 of the proms I went to. The fun was the dinner and the after-party. Time to just skip the middle part.

Is there a remote possibility that not all people approve of the so called "Gay" life style being flaunted? Just asking.

I sat here (becuase I was bored), and read this story.  And I was thinking, what would have happened if there were a "gay and lesbo club" in my old high school.  Let's just say these oddities in this story wouldn't have made it a day...

Wow they are whiners. The ACLU doesn't mind that their name is shortened. They are now inventing things to whine over. The ACLU doesn't care that are constitution is being destroyed slowly, but is willing to represent a boy that wants to wear heels for attention. We have no one fighting for the majority of Americans. In a 100 years people will think half this stuff is made up when they read about far left liberalism and what they did to our society.These high school "clubs" should be banned. There's every kind of club on earth EXCEPT a white students club...which school officials say is racist. If one is banned, they should ALL be banned. End of problem.

So let me get this straight... A while ago, a student was sent home from school for wearing an American flag on his shirt on Cinco De Mayo; there can be nothing related to Christianity or God posted in the school; and nothing about anyone's beliefs can be posted in school because someone would find it offensive as usual.  Even after all these rules are imposed, gays are arguing they should be allowed to make their political and moral statements in school.  That's not right.

Private schools and home schooling sound like better options everyday. Public schools are a joke and it is because they spend their time dealing with idiots like the ACLU  instead of focusing on education.

this is another Constance McMillen case. Public schools prohibiting free speech and free expression. Slam dunk for the ACLU.

Just an old geezer myself, but I hear teens using "gay" as a perjorative all the time; "That's so gay" etc. Seems there is no universal acceptance of homosexuality yet even among the young and foolish..

Could we go a whole day without hearing about the gays?

Question: How often do schools have organizations that celebrate other forms of sexual identity and/or behavior? Do we have a heterosexual awareness group in most schools? Anyone interested in forming a BDSM chapter at their high school? How about a "Students Seeking Polygamy"? (I bet that would be an extremely popular group for the boys.) Should I call the ACLU if one of these groups is barred from a High School? Shall I file a lawsuit if the school won't announce the group's activities by it's "full name"? Ridiculous and a waste of our money, time and resources.Kids are supposed to learn things in school. The one thing we are good at teaching them is, "If you don't like it, hire a lawyer."

And the kid that wants to wear heels wonders why he gets harassed....LOL!

You can be gay all you want, your life and I won't infringe on it, but you shall never force me to accept your ways as normal

this GSA group offends me....Just more of the same.  Ramrodding their agenda down our throats till we gag.

I know the chess club studies chess, and the math club studies numbers, and the French club practices speaking French. What exactly do they do in the gay club? (I don't want to know)

People are just getting tired of gays running around proclaiming "I'm Gay, look at me". So you're gay, nobody cares anymore and you don't need to keep shoving it in our faces.

It only seems the ACLU wants to "cease censoring" when the message is a liberal one. I doubt they'd be so aggressive and outspoken if the matter involved students wearing t-shirts with bible verses on them or an image of Christ.

Wonder how many homosexuals would complain and sue if their was a group for Heterosexuals, Straights, and promoting Tradition marriage as between a man and a woman? We all know they would complain and start a riot. Its only they want their side heard, no other side or beliefs allowed.

Thank you liberals for creating such a wonderful America.

I went to High school to learn, not to be some social gathering of gay people

we are running out of alphabet on  nonPC words

Quit Prancing, and Flittin  around like TINKERBELL and you wont get bad attention. That IS what you want, ATTENTION, Right???

"Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for the school's upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels."This is nucking futs. They are going to punish the other students because a few girls want to wear tuxedos and a boy that wants to wear heels. What you do in your nmad house is your business. Don't bring it out into my eyesight and force it upon the rest of us. Honestly how many straight couples do you see showing up for prom already tied to a bedpost with a vibrator hanging out of the virgina?"feel harassed and unwelcome"i thought it was that way for ALL freshmen....

Can you believe this? If you are "uncomfortable " with something, you are guilty of "harassment?"

Is'nt it bad enough that gays have to put up with  the Sadie  Hawkings  dance  ritual ?          I used to dred it ..Anyway .Should let  everyone dress the way they want ,at  dances .My solution .Slip the  the tribute  band  a $ 100 bill  and request that they  play  the Stones classic "Dude looks like a lady ".... I  like  the idea of school  uniforms though,during class .

This is another argument for vouchers allowing students to transfer to private schools.

I would've taken a boy in heels to the prom... I might've actually gone if that was allowed.

Is there nothing these folks don't want to destroy. How sick is that?

`Good for you teachers.  Send them #$%$ a message.  Find your own Country.

Fine! Let the fellow wear high heels to his prom!  There is no reason that he should escape what every woman experiences in heels, at the end of the evening, his feet will be killing him.............

Something wrong with this country when they ban any type of religious affiliations in public schools, yet allow deviant gays to have their own club on campus.

why would you want to live in california?Sure, try and ruin event for everyone else, it's a prom not a circus.

Is there a STRAIGHT club at this school???????? I think not.......I'm GAY, look at me......idiots.

An interesting concept here. Can you tell people they have to like Lima Beans too?

Like the old saying goes.....Give them an inch and they will want a mile

Waaah, the flaming sissys aren't getting enough attention. When are you guys going to realize that trying to force people to embrace your lifestyle just hurts your cause.

Can"t wait for the next gay disease to start killing them off. Hopefully it doesn't spread to the normal population this time. Unnatural acts bring dire consequences.

Bet the ACLU will come down hard on them now!

Never before has a student group been allowed for ANY sexual orientation.  If there was a hetero group putting up flyers around the school and then they didn't allow the gay group THAT would be unequal treatment.  As it is the school just doesn't want any sexual subject matter posted in its halls and that is how it should be in ALL schools.

"Amber Stanford, 17, a student at Sultana High, said in a phone interview she was in a class in January when a teacher told her classmate to "take that gay headband off.""LMFAO!

they want " changes sought were relaxed rules"  in other words they don't want the same rules applied to them, they want special rules, hopefully the school holds fast and applies equal rules to all, and not special rules for someActing out sexually, displaying anything sexual, does not belong at school. Poor kids will be complaining next that they didn't learn anything.  Try reading a book and going to class to listen and not recruit sex.

WAAAA Ima victim! Ima victim!

It looks like this GSA kids are harassing the teachers to me.

The ACLU has got to go.

A high school on the planet UR-ANAS made one gay student feel unwelcomed.... poor little honey boo boo. What a bunch of whining fuckin#$%$os

Hey, let's just cater to everyone.

Why do they call themselves "gay" ? They are are never satisfied,or happy. Always #$%$ about something !

Oh, please. They are complaining that the school's announcement of their club meeting time is referred to only by the initials, GSA?  I can think of several clubs in schools across the US in which the club announcements use only initials. There would be cause to complain if the announcement wasn't being made.

They banned the words Merry Christmas from public schools and replaced them with sex drugs and liberalism.

The school has relaxed discipline, and they still complain?.NO, not in California!

The Banksters just looted Cyprus freezing all accounts and confiscating 15% as a 'wealth' tax, and this is the news on Yahoo.

Institute uniform dress rules... no exceptions..jumpsuits for all like their future residence will require... oh and shaved heads.and sloppy slippers... everything uniform... kids are too focused on sexual issues...make a rule no discussion of sexual issues on campus..everyone is androgenous... not male..not female..a student only.............seems the only safe way to be politically correct.. orwell saw this whining for individual rights eventually destroyed everyones individual rights.

Awe boo hoo, stop crying about every little thing..

You know why there isn't clubs for heterosexuals. Because normal well adjusted people don't feel the need to call attention to themselves.

Teachers and administrators want to keep their jobs (costs money). The ACLU threatens a lawsuit (also costs money). Right or wrong, the gays win!

2-4% of the population is gay.  The media falls all over this group. Why? The media also portrays outrageous and dumb as cool, but intelligent and unassuming behavior as passe.  It's like they are promoting the absurd.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO they used the word gay in a  derogatory  way...oh my god off with their heads.

does the school allow a hetero club?

why dont they just have a #$%$ prom the theme can be; who cares, i am so sick of #$%$s always whining now i know why they are #$%$ because all they want to do is cry about stuff.Wonder if they thought of joining a club or activity based on their interests instead of on their sexuality.

Life sure has changed.  Decades ago, it was the rare teacher who wanted to harass students.

Hey Yahoo!  Enough gay #$%$ already!  Can you at least hold the gay news to twice a week instead of every frickin. day?  There are better things to report.

ACLU is a legalized extortionist group.

Look at how different I am!!  Look at how different I am!!  Look at how different I am!!Why's everyone always treating me so different?

Why. Because they can!  Everybody goes through this #$%$! Ever been a nerd in a room full of jocks? Ever been a poor student in a roomfull of nerds? Ever been the last one picked for a sandlot baseball game? Ever been a Ford guy at a carshow or racing event? Ever had older brothers? That is a part of life!

This entire country is going insane.

If you want to live the unnatural lifestyle then you need to pay the price of being weird.

a male wants to wear heels? For why? Certainly not for comfort, nor because some humans have a natural instinct regarding footwear. Nope it is a costume for the accidental audience on the world stage  and is we the public  being used as mirrors by those so obsessed with  themselves they demand patronization.. More befitting the term "homophobia" is the homosexual who is so obsessed with his sexually based image that the obsession itself is a phobia or at least a mental discomfort.

The little #$%$s making demands and threats like the big #$%$s.Who in the hell do these kids think they are ?Go to school for an education not to announce that you're #$%$ and need special attention.Don't believe everybody in the US is #$%$ as the liberal news put fourth,at least not me and my neighborsAnd what of the rights and the disgust the straight student feel by having gays in their school?Whose protecting their rights?

Please PLEASE beam me up ive had it this was only supposed to be a 100 year mission...humans are hopeless...i just want'a go home..pleeeeease.

Boys wearing heels to a high school prom?  Yeah, that's the point when my child would stop going to that freak circus of a school.  Sorry, but you can be gay (or straight) without being ridiculous.

Wouldn't it be something if the ACLU threatened and bullied on behalf of Religious groups or clubs someday. It might even be something more since such organizations get double mention and protection in the very 1st amendment of That Old Rag they CLAIM to be supporting.But I forget, those mentioned are those the ACLU harasses and bullies.

Freud had alluded to homosexuality numerous times in his writings, and had concluded that paranoia and homosexuality were inseparable. Guess he was right.

"Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for the school's upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels."Yeah, conservatives are the weirdos in this debate.......*eyeroll*

The "sexuality" card is the new "race" card.

In California? Say it isn't so! I thought everyone was gay.

I am gay and I hate whiney people.  These folks seem to fall into that category..... so do the ones who whine about gay people being the downfall of society.  Please everyone dont take you own self too seriously and get on with life.  Respect others for what they are although you can not be forced to respect.  I dont think anyone should be picked on in school but its going to happen so you have to try and temper the worst of it and deal with it as a fact of life.

Crying out for the attention they don't get at home.  Anyone still go to class ?  Save your tears for the chat shows.  Some of us have to work to provide the requirements to live and just want you to SHUT-UP.   Little children trying so hard to be fashionable and not thinking about the future.  What's next weeks fad ?see they should have given a reach-a-round and all would be good.

The California schools need to encourage the kids to experiment with same sex, "The teacher should have two boys come up and make out and then go to the bathroom and play.

Where is that next earthquake when you need it.

Let us see - A Christian group can't have a meeting, can't have a designated room, but yet the gays and lesbian perverts can. What is wrong with this picture?

In order to sue, you have to prove economic damages.  What are the economic damages of denying a kid his prom?  The author of this article did not come close to showing that their case had merit, because there is no merit.  They have a collection of passing comments.

In the meantime the Bible study group was declaired enemies of the state

There would probably be more pro-gay comments, if they could see past the sperm covering thier eyes......

Yahoo Gay Propaganda article #12,975,389.If kids aren't old enough to make "mature sexual decisions" until they are 18 (by California law), then why would this be pushed in high schools?

The Gay Straight Alliance would like to announce the election of our new club president, your fellow student, Richard Head! Richard is a stiff competitor and a real stand up guy. We know you will all give Richard your kind consideration and hopefully, together, we can lick the problems facing Gays and Lesbians in our school!

Should of figured ACLU=Lib DemsA boy who wants to wear heels?  What the hell has become of our youth?

I do not care about anyones sexual orentation what I do care about is putting in my face, the same with the religous believers.  If You are a Homosexual or a christian good for you now keep it to yourself.

Soo tired of apologizing for being straight... wonder if there is a straight persons support group....

If gays are hated more than ever these days, it's because they've earned it.  They're the most bitter, hateful people you'll find anywhere.  They whine and complain about harassment, but they openly harass people every day - particularly Christians.  They use words like "equality" while demanding special privileges from the rest of society, and have meltdowns anytime they don't get their way.  They constantly make spectacles of themselves and rub their deviant lifestyles in peoples' faces, then play the victim whenever there's a backlash.I have NO respect for the gay community, and I won't support any politician who panders to them.  You can't have a rational discussion with people who call you a bigot, or a bunch of vulgar epithets, simply because you have a different opinion than they do.

Wait wait christians can't pray in school. Christian clubs aren't allowed on school.. Yet these Gay people want to be able to promote their moral beliefs on campus? Do you not see their doubke standard?

This is 2013 we should just let people be who they are.  It really isn't hurting anybody.  To the people who say it is a choice being gay do you honestly believe that?  I am not gay however I do know gay people that have gone out of thier way to try being straight, some will still deny it to this day just to make other people happy. That really isn't fair to them.  It isn't fair to a straight person who gets married has children and later on finds out their spouse is gay and they cheated or now want a divorce.  I would think that if it was a choice the gay people would choose to go straight because it is so much more accepted.  I know if I was told I needed to be gay I wouldn't want it why would a gay person want to change to being straight.

Gays are the biggest bullies of them all, just take a gander at TMZ, dont they realize they are bullying celebrities? And they do it until they get a celebrity to kill themselves. What is wrong with this world?

See. . . it is not going to stop with Legalizing Homosexual Marriage. . . they want to force you to accept their lifestyle or they will sue you.

Hi guys...we simply feel like the teachers are bending us over...

There should not be ANY club with sexuality at a high school.  No straight, gay or beastial.Gays have it so rough don't they. Thank God they can't reproduce.

If we have to pander to every special interest group, I have one.  White kids, aged 18-26 are discriminated against at EVERY point in the college application process, from admission standards, to availability of grants and loans, all the way to grad school admissions and student teaching positions.For those who miss the satire, if the school has to let banners up for this group, the ACLU will either have to do an about face or have their previous work allow banners from white pride groups, rich kid only groups, or whatever other little subgroup chooses to organize.  Tolerance is  not an issue that has to be adjudicated lest you set precedents that invite really bad unintended consequences.

Students today are fortunate that their states and schools have anti-bullying laws and policies.  When I was in middle school and high school, I was teased and bullied unmercifully just because I was a newcomer from another state.  I've had self-esteem issues for years because of it and am still dealing with it years later.  I'm glad they have adults to go to who can help them because I could not get any help from my parents, either, because they were bullying me at home.

Another big plus for Home Schooling. You won't have to worry about the actions of the homosexuals at school!  This is the worst case situation for normal students, to worry about seeing gay students hanging all over each other! Gay is not normal at all!

Who is harassing who?

In my personal opinion, if the GL keeps quiet and don't demand the center stage to be seen by everybody and impose on other people to accept their abnormal relationships,  things will be more smooth for everyone.

This is what we get if we pass laws accepting the changing of the definition of "marriage".  Next stop, the homosexuals will be jailing us for "hate speech" for saying marriage is a male-female relationship.

Gays need to learn, "What You Want", and "What You GET", are 2 DIFFERENT Things. I Understood, by he time I was 4.

Gays, Guns and Big Gulps, is ALL our Politicians Care about nowadays. WE Are ALL in BIG TROUBLE!!!

Whaaaa whaaaaaa, The School Dist. wont let me wear my Pink Leotard, or put "Glory Holes", in the Boys Bathrooms.....Well Heck, My teacher's didn't like me either.

The Fall of the Roman Empire ... Part II ...

whatever, I am being harrassed by the gay agenda every day.

Reason #454,766 to homeschool. I don't understand why a public school has a sex club anyway. And yes, it is a sex club because it is based solely on the sexual attractions of the members. The age of consent in California is 18. It is inappropriate to have sex-based clubs or people who are not legally allowed to consent. Now, if you want to have a club that promotes nonviolence or that seeks to eliminate bullying or encourage individual expression, GREAT! I can support that.

Who is harassing whom?

I think it all starts in the home.

Are you serious !!!! Are these people for real.  If the guys want to wear panties and the girls want to wear boys stuff, I don't care, I just don't want to know about it or let them shove their twisted stuff in my face.  Open the closet door, go back in, close door.  Simple enough!

Oh please because the name of the club was abbreviated in an announcement that makes it harrassment?  Plus not EVERYONE embraces Gay/lesbian/trans- bisexual lifestyles and they shouldn't HAVE too. One could say that getting sued because you don't "cater" to them everytime ya turn around is a form of harrassment as well. If you are gay, fine. Don't expect everyone to accept it or make special arrangements for your lifestyle.

This is sick. Gays are an abomination. They are perverts. Sexual deviants who need to be fixed.

Can i take my dog to the prom?Funny how the ACLU is all over it when a #$%$ gets their feelings hurt, but they are conspicuously silent if a student wants to a have a prayer group.  This is why our country is in such trouble today.

When you cannot say take that gay thing off you are giving power to the g word just like the n word has more power no than it ever did.  These are just words get over it.  don't give these words power.

no thats not a cigar im smoking ma'm

Gays Make Me SICK all they do is but f$#@

Do we really need to tip toe around the sensitivities of homosexuals?  Do we really need to fear the lawyers who are just out for a buck?  Look be homosexual if you want, but don't force your private matters in our face.  Yahoo has turned into Gayhoo, promoting homosexual rights and pushing their propaganda at three articles posted per day.  Enough already!

hey try any school in the country &amp; you will get the same results, is'nt that to damm bad

I know I'm going to get boatloads of thumbs down, but that is irrelevant. I've PERSONALLY worked with MORE than enough BLTG's (Heterophobes) to know that it has nothing to do with equality. It's about in-your-face recognition and elevated rights. If you do not accept WHAT they do, (not just who they are), you are a hate mongering, "homophobic", (NOT A VALID CONDITION), psychologically whacked out, neo-con, bassturd. Homosexuality USED to be considered to be a mental condition, which was rather stealthily VOTED off the list back in the early 70's. This was shortly before the the president of the group was "outed". Sorry folks. You can polish and paint a turd however you want, but it's still a turd."The enemy of my enemy is my friend" -- Ancient Proverb

I'll bet you the dad of the boy who wants to where "heels" to the prime is sooooooo prood of his little boy. I'm sure every body already knows their gay just is just another example of trying to push their agenda on everyone else. Just give the gays their own damn prime.

..., and the ACLU is going to represent the bi-sexuals, and transgenders because they are being treated unfairly by the gays and lesbians.  Nothing screams out 'equality and progress' more than a man who thinks he's a women, kicking the #$%$ out of a woman who is a woman in a professionally sanctioned fight..., on television, no less.

Why are gays so insecure?  If they're really as happy with themselves as they claim to be, then why do they have meltdowns every time somebody disagrees with them?  If their so-called lifestyle choice is truely as healthy and fulfilling as they claim it is, then they should be able to handle it if somebody - gasp! - disagrees with their views.  Same with liberals.  Libs claim to be "tolerant," but they go berzerk with rage whenever somebody disagrees with their wacko, extremist views.If you are under 18, you have the right to remain silent.  So shut up.

The school, located 60 miles northeast of Los Angeles, must "cease censoring" the student group, the letter said.When is the ACLU going to help students from being "censored" for their religious beliefs?

Get those gays out of there---they only come so they can cause problems for everyone else.

"Take off the gay headband" - Wow!  How deragatory can you get?!?!  Over-sensitive wimps!!!

TOO BAD!

If people didn't go out in public and yell "Look at me, I'm gay!!" there wouldn't be much of a problem, would there?  The real problem is the LGTV class wants to shove their agenda down other people's throats rather than just be left alone.  Bad choice of words probably.

Hesperia? Of course they would be harassed. There's nothing but a bunch of red necks living there.

this is nutts  yahoo aways sniffing  these gay storys  out  aways licking around to try to find one

"one boy who wishes to wear heels"No comment..

Oh heck! Just go with a Rocky Horror Show theme for the prom and no one will notice the girls in tux or the boys in heels.I've have completely stopped watching mainstream television shows because it seems every show I turn on, there are gays pushing their agenda down our throats.  I am so sick of it.

Why should a high school even have a sex oriented club on campus? Would it be OK to have a swingers club, a porn club, or a future strippers club? Keep your sexual deviation to yourself and out of our schools! Your disgusting "club" can meet somewhere else.

as a society, we have went from no sex until marriage, to homosexual clubs in our schools. this is not "progress", this is taking us back to the days of Noe. you know, when GOD flooded the earth due to our flagrant and wanton sinning. first by flood, soon comes the fire.

I seriously doubt that a school in California would do such a thing.  The gay movement started in California, and its some of the most liberal laws protecting gays.  I believe this gay/lesbian club is wants something that was disapproved by the school and now they are making a public forum of it.

"Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels."Okay, that's enough for me. One too many times gays have thrown their oddness in my face and I'm SICK OF IT.

Proms are overrated.  But that aside, let the gay kids attend the way they want.  The gay kids should be perfectly prepared to deal with what ever reaction they receive.  Don't expect the school to "police" other kids response to someone else's unorthodox behavior.

"But at Sultana High School, it was teachers and administrators who "seemed to be the most uncomfortable" with gay and lesbian students, she said."So, the teachers and administrators are typical humans, then.

What do they expect when it is the vast majority's belief that being gay is not normal.

I remember when a man desired to have another man's sexorgan in him he was sick, and disturbed. We did not want to be around him. We did not want our kids anywhere near him. Now we celebrate these  people. Put them on a pedistole and worship them. Wow how times have changed.

The in-your-face aspect of the gay movement is what people don't like.These people are idiots looking for a lawsuit.I don't care what they do as long as my kid doesn't have to shower with them in gym class

Did they harass the school's NAMBLA chapter, too?

Public schools encourage tolerance and inclusion.. unless you're a Christian.

When possible, Liberals oppress anyone who questions their beliefs. Is that "Liberal?"

What business does a club highlighting sexual preference have in high school? More flamboint in your face gayness...if you dont agree with me I am getting a lawyer.

This article is so gay.

keep this gay trash off the national news, nobody wants to hear it

More Gayhoo baloney, not working.

"Anti-bullying and tolerance throughout the district?"  When pigs fly...

Any perception of not absolutely celebrating the LBGT agenda and you now will be accused of harassment.You can't sue the rest of society into agreeing with you.There is a dress code for proms because they are school events. If you do not want to follow the dress code, then you can't come in.Get over the thin skin and stop trying to be offended every time someone disagrees with you.We should be teaching that in school.I "feel" has replaced I "think" in our schools and the country is more the worse for it.

THESE PEOPLE are victims for life....boo hoo hoo.....

Isn't it high time that someone start telling these freaks to go stuff themselves!!!!!!!!!!!!

You're gay and proud, that's great thanks for sharing. I'm not gay and it makes me uncomfortable. There's my share. If one is uncomfortable, the reason for discomfort is certainly not welcomed. There's putting two and two together for ya. Sorry for caveman thinking, but it's so simple even a caveman would grunt homosexuality is not correct. Can't poop a baby, sorry.

No more student groups at schools, problem solved.  School is for education not the forming of private groups supported by tax dollars.

With all the schools going broke, cancel these events--problem solved....

This is the first time I've heard of anyone being ordered  to be "comfortable" with something. That's a rea tall order.

why doesn't Gayhoo , cover the news of 1.1 million HIV infected people in america?most of whom are gay men  . .50,000+ new cases a year .  .1000 new infections a weeknot soo 'hip' to get an incurable infection is it? . . on that eventually KILLS YOU

Yeah, yeah.  Everything is harassment and everyone is a bigot and everyone owes everyone else a living.  Eventually, the bill will come due.

maybe the schools should get out of the prom business. let the little whackos pay for their own space and time and keep the school govt out of the mix. keep it all off of school property.I have no problem with you being gay, if you have no problem with my opinion.

I would have thought it would be conservative straight student that would be getting hassled in California

What a load of CRA_ !!

Kids - get over it.

Attention all students! The Gay Straight Alliance is asking that whoever stole the gallon jug of KY Jelly from our meeting room, please return it ASAP! No questions will be asked! Thank you.

A prom is a tradition with a dress code.  It's why people don't show up in dirty shorts and tank tops.  So, lesbians, put on a dress, gay boys, put on a tux and when you go home or to the hotel, put on whatever you want.

they are not gay...they are a communist front group...inching there way to the boardrooms of the township to harass threaten and intimidate the directors.....

A lot of one handed typing going on here today.

if U want to be gay, then be gay...if you want to be a  "flamer" then be a "flamer."if you want to be an embarrassment to your self and your sexuality then by all means, take it to court.Sheesh...............

What would be the reaction of a "Young Sl*ts Club", or a "Love Tapping #$%$ Club", or simply the reaction if there was a club about Straights and Heterosexuals for Tradition Marriage Only Club? Maybe its best we just leave anything about sex, gender, and private beliefs at home matter what they are.BS! I go to Sultana and I've never seen a Teacher discriminate against homosexuals, and I have three different friends who are openly gay and they just told me they've never been discriminated against by teachers. I've seen teachers at Sultana discriminate against White people though. But of course the News organizations don't care about that, nope. The crime in Hesperia is absolutely rampant these days, but nope. ABC doesn't care about that, instead they worry about BS discrimination charges which the accusers have no evidence for. BS!!

My earlier comment accused liberals of being intolerant. To be fair about it. You can tell who the conservatives are on here today. They are the ones who call homosexuals all kinds of names,some using those symbols instead of letters. They are being just as judgemental as the liberals on here.JESUS CHRIST loves us all. He loves the homosexuals,but hates the sin of homosexuality. He died on the cross for the sins of every human being on earth. We are all GOD's children. He said,If a man lies with another man as if lying with a woman,it's an abomination his eyes. If a woman lies with another woman as if lying with a man,it's an abomination his eyes. He also said,eating swine(pig,hog) or an eagle is an abomination in his eyes. Don't criticize each other for doing things that GOD doesn't approve of,because you do things or say things that GOD doesn't approve of,also.

" boy who wishes to wear heels"The key word here....."boy".

You can't legislate or mandate love or respect. It has to be earned....by everyone.

Did the though ever occur to you that you might be pushing up stream against the currant? To do so requires grit and fortitude not pansy, cry baby finger pointing. If this is your definition of freedom earn it like the rest have, otherwise go home and shut up!

If I can't use "gay" or #$%$" in a derogatory way any more, what word should I use when I am trying to explain that a man is acting in a weak and pathetic manner?

So they want to be treated as equals and be transparent yet they have there own club....NICE !

shut up and sit the fk down your here to learn not play switch em's !

According to the internet, Obama is one himself.

The ACLU are ambulance chasers.High school....girls in tuxes, guys in heels.  Look what the free love hippies have done to us.  They've raised a generation of dysfunctional, confused degenreates.  Bye America, it's been nice.

That's so funny. I find it all VERY amusing. "Everyone has the right to freedom and the pursuit of happiness except MY SLAVES" ............Thomas Jefferson

This is a public school, not a forum for special interest demagoguery.The headline should read, "Students cry because they didn't get their way."

If it were a Christian student group being harassed you can be certain the ACLU wouldn't be returning their calls.

why do you have to have a club based on sexual preference can i have a kitty licking club in college

This reminds me of South Park when Cartman discovered tourette's syndrome and starting singing Golden Ticket

So, where was the ACLU when the Michigan university kicked the Christian group off campus?  Oh that's right, they're "main stream" so they don't get any ACLU "protection".  This can all be easily solved.  Ban ALL groups that are not directly related to education.  Establish school uniforms that are unisex and make them a requirement for all events.  Now everyone is discriminated against so everyone can feel equally bad.

Cute we will now be forced to have a hug a gay or lesbian day now here in my fine state of California... Feinstein are you watching this ???

Of course there are legitimate cases, but when you're "winning" tens of thousands of dollars or more from a tax-funded school district because you feel "left out" or whatever the case may be, it's insane. In cases like this, the schools are going to be left with tons less money to educate people because of some stupid words that were potentially said by administrators and/or teachers that could have otherwise gone to the hiring of new teachers or new educational materials.

The Iowa dad speeding , baby article is much more fun than this insanity sickness , go there and read. F this sh__!Once upon  a time, they were #$%$ or #$%$. Those were a derogatory terms. So, they changed it to gay, and now that's a derogatory term. Is it time to change the name for this type of behavior again? Any suggestions?

Straights ruined the sanctity of marriage by half of them getting divorced.

There should be no such thing as a Gay &amp; Lesbian club in a public high school.Would they tolerate a heterosexual club?  A white's only club?Ridiculous.Public education needs to be privatized.  Government should not be involved in education.Our public schools are not about education any longer.  They are about unions, teachers, big government, liberalism and political correctness.We should be ashamed of what we have allowed.

ha! first off it is california, second off it is a public school. did not happen PERIOD!

hey everyone, look at me!!! is there any group out there that are bigger attention wh0000rez?

Put all the freaks on a island and let them go at it.

"student members of a gay and lesbian club at their California high school"so does this mean that the high school has to allow:the playaz clubthe ho clubthe straight sex clubthe masterbaters clubif you are going to allow one type of sex club at the schools that you have to allow others

The world is going to hell in a hand basket. It now seems as if the gays #$%$ whatever has more people doing their bidding. GAY = Got Aids Yet.

The anti-gay rhetoric seems harsher than usual this morning.  Did all you Christians get up on the wrong side of the bed or something?  Sheesh.

How about these school administrators ask the rest of the students and parents how they feel about this 'inclusion'? If they don't want this immersion process, hold two separate proms. Be done with it.In other words, the school wouldn't let the gay club be in everyone's faces with their agenda.

I'd be willing to bet that the straight students aren't allowed to cross-dress either.... just more entitlement and "in your face" (b)(s) from the gays.

This is why no one likes these in Your face whiners.

Wait, you mean offical names like, GLTR types of people....Oh!

typical reaction when gays do not get everything they demand. At least they are in California the gay capitol of the world

Send them to N Korea and when we nuke it will take care of two problems at once.

Gee, our schools were always about learning.  Of course we weren't controlled by PCNazis, who feel it is the schools responsibility to mmake everybody feel good about themselves and the little things like learning and actually passing the grade don't really matter.

Funny how the harshest comments here have cute little Yahoo badges on them.  I want a badge for "Most Despised Vile #$%$ Of The Earth"  I assume y'all will vote for me.

These students are just trying for shock value with their prom attire demand. Most male gay people I know have no interest in wearing high heels to the prom or anywhere else. They just want to live their lives and not call attention to themselves.

Yes....let's disrupt the entire schools prom because 3 people wish to go off the reservation....our country has literally gone insane....really? I mean, you can't just be classy and accept and respect the prom rules for what they are? Oh, that's right we all have to respect and accept how Gays act and not vice versa. Oops silly meHow can a school promote sexual promiscuity? Just think that if a kid in high school is 16 or 17 (depending on the state) and that kids has sexual relations (which is what this group is all about) then a crime is being committed. Statutory rape is still on the books in most states although not specifically called "statutory rape".What a Pandora's box this is!

Why do gays always whine about "equal rights" when in reality they're asking for special treatment? Unless I missed something, aren't the straight students also not allowed to cross-dress.

Just think, 20 yrs ago we were a much happier country. Now with these unimportant social life styles being pushed down our throats by our media and entertainment we have actually done more harm to these group of individuals than ever. So much hate. Please keep your life choices private. Much happier keeping it to yourself than expressing it to the whole world.

Why don't the gays, trannies, etc just have their own prom or dance, and then they can all dress like weirdos and be happy?

A classic case of the inmates wanting to run the asylum. I say the school administration has the right to determine dress code. ACLU stop brainwashing the kids.

No one cares that you are unwelcomed. Grow-up and welcome to the real world.

Oh No, People at our school aren't validating our lifestyles like we see on TV. We need to sue because our feelings are hurt. Get over yourselves already and crack a book every once in awhile.

More gay nonsense

This country has turned into a full blown freak show.

When are gay people going to deal with the fact that although their lifestyle is perfectly legal, it is all the same, not a NORMAL one!  Rather than disrupt a high school prom with their abnormal behaior they should have their own separate gay prom at a different time and/orlocation.Students at the school have complained that teachers have used the word "gay" in a derogatory way,,,, sorry to inform the #$%$ communtity but the word gay has abosulutly nothing to do with being #$%$, the word #$%$ is so frickin get over it

gays and illegal aliens = americaim outta here soon. have fun with this *H*T

The only reason high school students are gay, is because the school allows the liberal kids, that can't find a mate, to have a gay club! If they would have waited a little while longer, they would have found out that the opposite sex is much better.

Would you DAMN GAYS give it a rest!Enough with the, I didn't get a hug today for being gay:O(Boo Hoo, stop crying in your RainBow Coloured K-Y Jelly tube:O(

I wouldn't allow them on the campus.

Really, this #$%$ has gone far enough, this needs to stop!

This gay issue is out of control. It's not just that these folks want to attend the prom together....they want to dress like it's a circus. This is exactly what makes non-gay people want to avoind these people as much as possible. They're trying to make everyone bend over and allow them to do anything and everything they want. Form your own dang gay school with gay teachers and administrators and then there won't be a problem right? Segregariont might be the only way to 'solve' this issue!

I'm gay'd out. The news sure finds a way of making you have disdain for people you would otherwise not even pay attention to if it wasn't thrown in your face.

It saddens me that these so called "teachers" are the ones who are displaying such intolerance. SHAME on them. They are suppose to teach our children, not instill hatred or push their personal beliefs on them.

Gays are trying to FORCE everyone to accept what they are... fine... I accept that you are a biological flaw that cannot procreate.I think all the guys in the straight and normal club should "don" gowns.

Back when I was young harassment would have been the least of her worries! The girls in school would have kicked her butt sooo bad she would be pooping out her naval and nobody would have said or done squat about it.  PLEASE get all this MINI MINORITY SQUEAKY WHEEL chit off and out of the daily news? Let the carpet munchers and butt bumpers enjoy their life styles as they see fit but the flaunting of it everyday as if it was importand and anybody cared is getting VERY disgusting!

They should stay in the closet.

Somewhere elsewhere in America in a city called Chicago, a murder is missing it's article on Yahoo.

In case of poisoning, I keep a pic of two guys kissing in my first aid kit. Makes me puke every time.     Hey, no, I'm just wired that way, it's genetic, that's the way I am,  just accept it.

This has to be a mistake.  Schools teach data, and according to the data from experiments at two schools in England about 3 years ago, the gay male brain has bio-chemical differences from two specific times in the womb when the mother was not producing certain quantities of specific hormones. Therefore, being a gay male is not a choice, but discriminating against them would be the same illegal event as bullying someone born with six toes.  If the school does not know about this lab data, are there other things it does not know about, like the earth is not flat and not held up by a giant turtle?I may not comment on gay females because, unlike with males, we do not have reproducible lab evidence for this.

Homeschooling your children is worth all costs.

wow, give a inch and they want a mile every time. I am glad I am old, this country is going crazy.  SUE SUE SUE if you do not get your way, you are entitled, the world owes you. Lawyers will be the end of us

Oh if it is not the race/black/latino card now it is gay card...really...really...??? this country is sinking fast...wake up America...

What happens when someone wants to go to the prom naked, can they sue the school ? if not why, everybody else can. ?Gayhoo news  . . .just LOVE pumping new gay stories   . . every Gay day

Would having an exclusively hetero club in high school be considered discriminatory?

Would having an exclusively hetero club in high school be considered discriminatory?

How did he get the name Bath House Barry?

I do not understand why any Elementary or High School would be forced to ever provide for a 'club' of this nature in the first place.Schools are for learning, not for expressing one's sexuality, sexual orientation or sexual preference. Perhaps as an adult in higher education such as a College or a University, but not in grade schools or high schools.Why is it that everyone is so concerned about the so-called rights of these homosexual students? Who is out there protecting the rights of the majority, the straight kids who do not want to be subject to the homosexual agenda?

Who in their right mind would ever give their life for this country anymore?  I spent 27 years in the military and saw my fair share of getting shot at.  But no more.  I wouldn't risk one hair on my head for this sorry nation today.  The garbage has taken over our society and it's not worth protecting anymore.  Our values have been sold out to the liberals who are ruining this great nation.

If you're gay fine it's your choice just stop shoving your sexual orientations down our throats. What about our freedom of saying no to gays?

This is the exact reason most NORMAL people are sick of these idiots. Go blow your buddy all you want just wipe your mouth when your done and shut the f up!

Homosexuals are some of the most hateful bigoted people, always trying to change what we believe...

"Students have complained that school officials failed to use the club's full name in announcements over the intercom, referring to it only as GSA, and that they refuse to allow the club to post flyers".Why would they allow it?.I'm offended that they're offended. maybe the ACLU can take my case too.

Sick gays!

Gee, Amber. Haven't you read the email? The meaning of the word "gay" has changed again. It now means lame, stupid, tired, unfashionable, out-of-touch, weak, over with.  Someday it might make it back to it's origional, wonderful meaning.

I am sick and tired of so many crying wolf.  How about  all of us being equal not just some designated ones that think they are so mistreated.

Be not deceived, it is the gay supremacists who are harrassing the teachers and administrators by getting the aclu to go after them. The gays want the teachers and administrators to bow down to the alter of gay supremacy.

How about the #$%$'s club? How about the coalition for generally stupid people? Do they harass the Klu Klux Klan members? OH that's right, these clubs are not allowed. Why not? Why do gays believe they can assert their beliefs on others when others are not allowed to. God forbid equality and mainstream events!

Gays have an impact on public policy out of proportion to their numbers. Welcome to Sodom and Gomorrah.

Next those poor kids will even be banned from wearing artificial phallic devices.

Attention all gay people STOP HARASSING US!

"Students at the school have complained that teachers have used the word "gay" in a derogatory way."I would love to know the definition of "in a derogatory way."I really enjoy seeing the ACLU get involved in situations like this.  It keeps them busy so they do not have to act in a responsible manner in helping, say - women who are being raped or killed on a daily basis.Keep up the good "work" ACLU.  No wonder people think your organization is a farce.Lawrence KlepingerThe rectum and the rear end hole was made for one purpose only.  To excrete human waste, not to lick and kiss.  How gross can a human being get?

Fucking#$%$bots!!!!!!!

Girly men.

Give an address and i will send them some tissues to cry in.

What does prom have to do with education again?

McDonalds has a new food item.  Battered pickle, deep fried.  Next time you go in order their famous "Mc Dill Dough"

California schools have homosexual clubs? How disgusting!

ok gays get over it your here your #$%$ and alot of people dont realy give a #$%$. high school is hell for alot of people not just you. i didnt like it and i quit. go do your own thing on your own time. its school for gods sakes. not gay studies. and life isnt all about you.

girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels.LOL

Being a freak is supposed to be kool, I will never understand how one guy can look at another guy and get turned on.Lets seek a cure for the these troubled youths. They really need medical help not legal help.

The best way to handle gays and lesbians is to treat them special. You will get sued if you don't.

Yeah, yeah , yeah , cry, whine, carry on that way you get attention.  People are sick to death of you "gays".  I see nothing gay about you.  I've never known one that was gay they are all pretty sad and miserable.

Yep...more liberal victims....right?

whats next, a student (b)esti(a)lity group taking sheep to the prom?

Someone please send these #$%$ a one way ticket out of the USA.

Its their choice. How would a teacher know a students sexuality?   isn't school about learning?  to much social engineering going on and obviously less learning. This is what our tax dollar get?

Students at the school have complained that teachers have used the word "gay" in a derogatory way. Now they dont want to be called gay. How about parvert or gagott

If you want to be made fun of just make a spectacle of yourself. You usually reap what you sow...

They just want attention... It's the same reason why people pierce the weirdest places of their body, dye their hair funky colors etc...With all these "Gay" Yahoo stories everyday, I am claiming harassment!

teachers have used the word "gay" in a derogatory way.  Guess we all better bow down and kiss their pretty pink..........  They, the #$%$, are demanding they rule the world.  I am so sick of gay

A new weapon to be played in day to day society,the gay card.

I accuse gays of being gay! Why do they have to be so gay?!

I just hope when one of the students from that school decides they're being harrassed because they can't have a Christian Prayer Club with posters, meetings and Bible give aways, that the ACLU is so fast to sue on their behalf...

If the school has to let banners up for this group, the ACLU will either have to do an about face or have their previous work allow banners from white pride groups, rich kid only groups, or whatever other little subgroup chooses to organize. Tolerance is not an issue that should be adjudicated lest you set precedents that invite really bad unintended consequences.Government and laws are NOT the vehicle for real change. Trying to adjudicate morality or tolerance only results in legal precedents that get abused. Change is best made by individuals influencing individuals. Bad laws and bad rulings invite abuse.Just look at the failed policy of prohibition that spurred the greatest organized crime wave of the years 1776-1936 and the "war on drugs" that has spurred an even great crime syndicate. Good intentions in the hands of lawmakers or judges with no foresight create chaos in rapid order.And the devil's advocate portion of my comment.....  When is the ACLU going to represent some Christians somewhere who are offended that their child has to share a bathroom with a transgendered student, or who are offended that there IS a gay-lesbian-transexual-transgender-questioning group at the school?  If the Christians have to tolerate the GLTTQ groups, should not the GLTTQ also be required to tolerate the Christians?  Just a thought.

Many if not most TRIED to be straight. They even get married a d have kids. This does gays not mean they are straight or contended. They were miserable trying to conform. They did not choose to be gay...they were trying to choose to be straight...it never works. Gays don't choose to be gay any more than straights choose to be straight.  When did you choose to be straight and why did you make the choice to change from being gay?

Odd. We can idolize motorcycle gangs like the Hell's Angels but we can't seem to get it through our collective heads that gays and lesbians are more valuable contributors to our society than a bunch of thugs.

When the teacher walks in and it smells like feces. That's is picking on the gays?

Do gays ever NOT whine?People have been using the word gay interchangeably forever sorry get over it.

Is there anyone here who hasn't been treated unjustly at times in their life? Do we always have to go whining to the media about it and cry discrimination? What the hell is wrong with people in this country today?

Why is it that Homosexuals always want the public to know that they are gay?....well two can play that game...If I were a guy at that High School..I would have  sex with my girlfriend right in the middle of the dance floor...I would let everyone know that iam straight.."Hey...look at me......I love Women"

Let's have hunting clubs in schools, conservative and family value clubs, Heterosexual clubs, real men clubs, real woman clubs.  There should be dress codes in schools eliminate the clubs, kids should be academics ONLY .

We USED to be able say Now we don our Gay apparel,  Have a Gay time,  Gay Paris',  and many others.   There are people who have the last name "Gay" - that are having to change it.So now the Gay community is vicitmized my the word Gay.

1 word; GOOD...

Like I said before. the ACLU will run to defend a #$%$ it so he can take it up the #$%$, but won't defend the 2nd amendment for all american's.. I guess the ACLU are all #$%$ it's too...

Again we have 2% of the population (Sodomites), trying to make everyone else accept their point of view.Trying a little too hard to make the rest of us believe their deviant behavior is normal. Sorry, it's not it's #$%$.

Don't be gay.

I remember once in my senior English Comp class, two of the cheerleaders were whispering during a lecture. The teacher actually yelled at them, "I DON'T GIVE A TINKER'S DAMN WHO YOU THINK YOU ARE, BUT YOU ARE IN MY CLASS AND ON MY TIME!!! IF YOU DO NOT SHUT UP, I WILL PERSONALLY SEE THAT LIFE TAKES A GIANT #$%$ ON YOU BY FAILING YOU!!!"  We laughed at them, one of the girls cried. No lawyers were called. It was a simpler time.The ACLU exists to take freedom away from majority groups and give it to minority groups with the consequence that only 10 percent of this country is really happy.

Gay, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, #$%$, #$%$ more like it.

can the new yahoo home page screen out gay stories?  I am sick of them

How can one man that finds another man's hairy butt-hole romantically attractive be passed off as anything but sick in the head?

So its true that being Gay is a just an afterschool Hobby...

Lets just ban proms and clubs all together. One person is always mad about something and then its left up to the adults to figure out a way to shut everyone up without getting sued. Best way, throw in the towel and just teach... its just not worth the fight anymore.

Seriously this has gone too far. Round them up and put them in therapy until they get more socially adjusted or keep their socially dysfunctional agenda to themselves.

Girls who want to dress like boys and boys who want to dress like girls? What is happening? I feel like I am in an episode of the twilight zone!

These perverted degenerate kuweerz need to off themselves. SO SICK of this krapp every day, day in and day out !

Good. They should feel unwelcome. Why is it acceptable to have teachers and staff that routinely recruit our youth at our schools to join the gay agenda. This is really no secret at all, the gays will deny it but there are thousands of kids that speak out about this. They're disgusting creatures man.Im a country boy, grew up watching John Wayne movie reruns.  Was taught you get what you work for, honesty is the best policy, and always be a straight shooter.  And then I visit a big city.  I see folks walking around with purple and green hair.  Tattoos all over their damn bodies.  Men in short skirts and high heels, trying their best to act like women.  Chicks with buzz cuts saggy pants and trying their best to act like men.  And I cant help but think that it looks like Barnum and Bailey has set up shop, permanently.  Nothing but a bunch of circus freaks walking around.  And I just cant wait to get back home....unfortunately ive been noticing that this crazy bull is spreading to the smaller towns as well....oh well, I guess its time to move further out from the psycho circus.

it harms no one if a girl wears a tux or a guy wears heels.

Try envisioning two men french-kissing. Now try to envision it happening in front of your children......

The ACLU has helped other gay and lesbian students sue school officials for discrimination.In 2010, a high school in Fulton, Mississippi, canceled its prom to prevent then student Constance McMillen from attending with her girlfriend. McMillen sued and won a $35,000 settlement.So is this about the money?

They keep pushing an agneda still not totally accepted accross the nation.  If they would just keep to themselves. things would be fine.

Just preparing the #$%$ and lezzies for the real world following high school.

When don't ask don't tell was repealed, There was a whole unit of marines got their backsides tattooed "EXIT ONLY"!

What a bunch of babies.  News flash -- life is not fair and it's not always accommodating either.  High school exists to prepare you for life, so high school is not fair and it's not always accommodating either.

They were bullied because someone said the word gay in a derogatory way.   Oh my HELL, homosexuals, please just stuff a sock in it for a while. cool your little panties down.

the school should harass these Hershey highway travelers . its not normal or exceptable  to be gay. they should remove them from the school.Guys, stop acting like a sissy. Girls stop acting like a man and neither one of you will have to worry about being harassed by these mean people that are tired of enabling your sickness...

The Gay Straight Alliance would like to announce that all students are invited to participate in this Thursday's "Reach Around Day", to be held in the boy's gym after school!

Ithought GAY KIDS

The ACLU. Defenders of NAMBLA and the KKK. Not the best reputation.

Why do they always want to gobble and slurp?

whos harrassing who again?

Hesperia, Phelan. All drug dens of the bankrupted San Bernardino city.

I used to work for a national Insurance company and there were groups, or clubs, for blacks, hispanics, gays, etc.  No clubs for plain white people.  Can't do that.  Don't know why they allow any groups of this kind in high school.  Separate them young so they can be separate in adulthood.  I think most gays are not looking for equal treatment.  I think they want special treatment.  Just my opinion.

Note: straight white males are the most discriminated against in the US now with a lot of useless protections for every freak on earth and none for the silent majority of normal.

Live and let live.We have ALL been fighting for what we think is the right ideology on how to live, but if we're all right by definition we're all wrong.What's wrong with just live and let live?Every gay person I have ever known in my life had some kind of emotional problem and was generally a high maintenance drama queen.  To me that is abnormal.  Sorry to say that, but it is true.  I don't know why everybody has to accept this as a healthy normal lifestyle choice, it really isn't one.

He wants an award for taking it in the shorts.

Don't touch the strait kids #$%$ and you won't get harassed...

If this is a public school these kids like ALL of the rest of the kids should know is the only rights they have are the ones that the school lets you have.

It's called a dress code people, they also have them at places called work, restaurants, and church which no one in california seems to have ever heard of.

"No Means No" - A useful concept in a high school...

you know, having to spend an hour a day studying religion was hardly a perk, but at least my christian high schools didn't have any whining gays.

Isn't it interesting that gays are demanding that everyone accept their behavior, but they refuse to respect the behavior or rules for the rest of us.  Homosexuality is not based on race, creed or religion.  It is a group based solely upon sex.  Gays are the only group of people who feel the need to constantly advertise who they are having sex with and demand everyone pay attention and accept who they are having sex with.  Take note of the Gay Parades, where everyone is wearing hates with fake gentiles and wearing porn clothes.  These people are perverse and disgusting and now they are demanding their behavior be pushed on our children.  WE NEED TO STOP IT.

school is no place for a club like this.

to have a homosexual club on a high school campus is sickening....it is like saying we hate you normal people and want to be perverted and wicked and you have to like us.....and honor us....If an individual is gay, deal with it on your own level.  Don't have society change just because you want everyone to approve of your way of life.  Years ago my hairdresser was gay.  I accepted him for whom he was as a person.  Nothing more and nothing less.  Just be the person who you are.  Just don't push your lifestyle on us and think you are 'special'.  You're not!  As for discrimination, anyone can be discriminated.  Think about women being 5', slim and trim.  Try to find clothing!  It's being made for either fat or tall people.  Try to fine a vehicle for a short person - you have to be 5'10".  Just be responsible for yourself and enjoy yourself as a person and adjust to the world around you, and don't have the world around adjust.

TB called me a bigot simply because I stated being LGBT was not racism. Racism pertains to to discrimination against a person or person due to the color of their skin. This is correct.What this proves is if you don't get with their program, then you are in the wrong. So sorry, last time I looked this America, TB and I can say anything you don't agree with.Instead of calling me names, educate yourself and explain why LGTB are using the term racist to discribe  how they feel they are discriminated against.

A boy who wants wear heels? How messed up can some people get?

"...made student members of a gay and lesbian club at their California high school feel harassed and unwelcome..."Feelings are subjective.If we all sued anyone who made us feel some way that was uncomfortable to us, we'd never get anything done.People who put their feelings ahead of reality need to stay home with the doors locked. Life is going to be just too hard for them.

Gays are as welcome in schools, and Boy / Girl Scouts, as much as Blacks are welcome in the KKK. I Dont care what the "Polls" say...

Why is there gay clubs in our schools??????????  Ridiculous.  If gays want to meet and share their mental illness issues with others let them meet some where besides our Public Schools.  Do these schools offer Heterosexual Clubs?

C'mon, the teachers and admin are union libs, we all know they don't have double standards..

Good for the administration

WHEN P.E. TEACHERS MAKE YOU RUN A MILE IN GYM CLASSthat has got to be some kind of harassment too !!!!!!!!!!&amp; baak obama should pass new taxes to make sure this never happens again.

Gays say they want equal rights, but they really are seeking special rights. They already have equal rights under the Constitution. Take the work place, if they don't perform, they will claim they were fired because the were gay. Why does anyone at their work place even know they are guy anyway, unless they let it be known.All the gay people I know are quiet about it and go about their business. I think they are respected more than the in your face gays.

"Hey! Teacher! Leave them kids alone ..."- Pink Floyd

I never in my wildest dreams thought I would live to see the day that America would embrace sexual perversion and bless it.  How perfectly disgusting.  We are a doomed nation.  Of course that was apparrent with an electorate that could put someone as evil as Obama in the WH.

Freaks of nature.

Gay this, gay that... gay, gay, gay, gay!Hey Yahoo, isn't there any other news out there worth talking about, other than what a bunch of sodom^sts are doing???

Hey homophobic ilk: want people to take you seriously? Then quit posting immature comments. Or is that asking for too much? :-)

Gay cards: Present this card at a courthouse visit to get away with any crime you commit and be granted the ability to do whatever you want to ruin someone else's day.

my, that's funny; not nearly as funny as winding up with a class full of 8 year olds to deliver blood supply.

Why does a high school have  a sex club?

If you voted for the 'evolved' pres Obama, stop complaining.If you voted for the 'evolved' pres Obama, do not complain when gays knock at your door and ask for your children.  You wouldn't want to admit that it was a mistake to vote for a pres who promotes and supports the gay community now, would you?Sodom and Gomorrah will be coming soon to your city or town, and don't even think of complaining if you voted for pres Obama and his homosexual agenda.Only because the gay students are distorted.

Fudge-packers

Aw poor gay kid. You should hear the stories of thousands of kids that have been harassed before you. What makes your story so special?

Problem with gay people is that they want special treatment and recognision not just EQUAL treatment

Dont send ur kids to public screwls. they are breeding grounds for #$%$ and liberals

There is a homosexual that hangs around at the street corner, wearing his fairy clothes and waving his limp wrist around. They other day I walked up to him and BAMMM! I don't see him around anymore!

IF.......the prom is after school hours........and  IF the prom is off school property..............and IF the students can get adults to chaperon...........then let them have their prom they want.  IF NOT........then they have to follow school district guidelines.Have a problem with that......find another school!

BACK IN THE CLOSET WITH YOUR #$%$ #$%$   ...

The rump rangers are angry again. If you don't like being unaccepted and treated as outcasts keep your sexual preferences to yourself; just like people who have pedophilia and #$%$ tendencies.

How  far down this list will I see It's Obama's fault? Not Far.Here's another thing about the "gay agenda"...I don't "Have to accept you..." I just have to tolerate you. Acceptance means I agree with your life style. Which I don't. Tolerate means I have to let you live your life the way you see fit. Let me live mine the same way.

I accuse the gay community of harassment with this endless stream of ankle biting and screeching about haw mistreated they are.  Eat more mannass - you won't feel better but you will shut up for a minute

Oh, just play those cards people...gay card, race card, ethnic card, political affiliation card - whatever. It'll get you your 15 (useless) minutes of supposed fame and then, please go away and take your petty BeeSss with you.

They are unwelcome.  What's the problem with that?

ugh...  can't they stick to the four Rs?

II Timothy 3

What now? I'm tired of hearing THEM whine.

Seems awfully #$%$ to hear about gay harassment in Cali?

Can't you be gay and wear more 'normal' clothes? Why add the circus atmosphere? This is exactly what makes folks want to avoind those in the circus.

Now calling them "GAY" is derogatory.  Give me a F#%^ing break!Neither Hetero nor #$%$ Sexuality should be an issue in High School.

Why is it there is always news on yahoo about gays? What about the unemployment, Security, etc?

Silly little Civil Rights thing. Very inconvenient when you're trying to discriminate against someone who has rights.

Gay don't reproduce....they multiply!

So you thought everyone will welcome you with open arms? We're not all cheering for gay rights you know...

Gay and lesbian is a frame of mind, not a class, not a race.

people ought to realize that everyone in this crazy world we live in needs a fighting chance of being nice to everyone instead of just straight people....if you havent looked around,,,the world is made up of many different people and we ought to all get along together and be nice to one another and not to be mean to anyone.....to me everyone has the right to go to the prom or wherever they want to go......you dont even know the person if you dont try to get to know someone..he or she could be your best friend...no matter what....get real people and stand up for your rights.....anyone that is an adult in school that does not treat everyone equal should be fired on the spot...if i was the principal....they would be in a second.....love everyone...as the good lord says....and remember this too...GOD so loved the world...not just white,black or whatever....its all people.......

There's complaints about this.... But look at kids getting bullied to the point of injury or even death! I was teased horribly when I moved to a new school at the age of 8. I had a gap in my teeth, and was called many, many names JUST for the dang gap. I also had a cleft palette(which was fixed before I even attended school at the "new school") and kids relentlessly teased me over it. I'd come home crying most days because it was so bad. My 5th grade teacher was probably the worst out of all of them. She hated me. She even went as far as to make fun of me to the class, and then let the class make fun of me. My parents(thankfully) saw the horrible affect the school was having on me, so as soon as possible we moved back to the old town we lived in before. I started in my "old" school and it was like I had never left. I still had problems with feeling like I had to constantly defend myself. It took years for me to truly trust people. It caused me a lot of problems, and I think if they want to target problems in school, target bullying and take care of that. These kids are making mountains our of mole hills.

I am tired of all these G-(a)-y stories

Gay School hum Hey know move to San Francisco, you will not be harassed you can even walk around in the nude,checking out each others manhood,whoops not manhood,oh well you know what I meanNo more clubs, no more whining, no lawsuits. Case closed. A few bad apples will spoil the bunch though.

You can tell who the liberals are on here today. They are preaching tolerance towards homosexuals and then turn around and start being intolerant towards christians,who these liberals are accusing of being intolerant of homosexuals. They sure don't know how to practice what they preach. Do they?I'm a christian. If someone is a homosexual,that's between them and JESUS CHRIST. I use to judge homosexuals and make fun of them. That was before I turned to JESUS CHRIST. Now that I have JESUS CHRIST in my life,I don't do the things I did when I was younger and didn't have JESUS CHRIST in my life. I've realized I'm not perfect,I am a sinner just like every other human being on earth. Do I still make mistakes? Yes I do. I'm not in the position to judge anybody. No human being has the right to judge anybody,but we do,because we are only human. JESUS directs his followers to show non-believers thae love he has for them. He died on the cross for all of our sins,now that's love.

Attacking homosexuality in California is like bad mouthing beef in Texas. Words like gay or that three letter F-word, or that Q-word are just like the infamous N-word. Only the people it was formerly aimed at can use it.

Don't like it... sue.  IDIOTS

You see.... THIS is why we "do-gooders" pulled our kids out of the public school sewer-system a long time ago. You need to do the same. Unless you want YOUR kids to be the next who feel "harassed and unwelcome".

how ca they suggest that anything is a moral imperative when we all know gays and lesbians have no morals?

Public schools allow Gay/ Lesbian groups.. but not Christian groups. WHY?

Gay's use anything to grab attention then blow it all out of proportion because they know they are the minority.If you choose to be Gay then that's fine with me but just keep it to yourself.....we dont really care or need to know. Shut your bedroom door and do what you like but dont share your private "stuff" with us all. Since it is a choice then how about you choose to NOT be gay if life as one seems so hard.

I'm gonna hire an attorney and sue everyone on Earth.

wait -   you can have  gay and lesbian "clubs"  at school -  but  you can't have the class stand in front of the American flag, hand on heart   and pledge allegiance to America  ???yes, I am old school -   butt    what the  HellThe Chess club gets together and plays Chess...  The Dance Club gets together and Dances....  What should we expect the Gay club does??

If homosexuality is as normal as apple pie and "just another thing", then why is their suicide rate so high?

Most gays are incredibly heterophobic and selfish and self-righteous.  Gays need to get some serious senstivity and tolerance training to live in a world with heterosexual folks.

And we wonder why there's no learning going on up in the edumacation system. smh.

Why does the gay community suffer from Chlamydia about 10 times more frequently than the straight community does?

Why does the homosexual community in San Francisco have nude "celebrate sodomy day" parades every year?

You do realize that the ACLU does not care about the "right," or "wrong," of an issue. It is a wing of the 'far left' liberal party,which only comes out of the woodwork for this type of cause. Dependently. And nothing else.

I'm sure some of you would be more sympathetic if the club were for kids that liked guns.

They feel unwelcome in L.A?I remember this guy, Boy George, a couple of years ago.  He sang that song "Do You Really Want To Hurt Me" in Alabama, the deep south, in a #$%$ bar.Somebody in the crowd yelled, "We don't want to hurt you!  We wanna kill ya!!!"

Why am I Mr. Pink?Because you're a #$%$.Many schools do not allow prayer or religious groups in their schools. Citing the seperation of church and state. If religion is not allowed in the schools, then this gay #$%$ does not either.

I want to bring a goat as my date to the prom, but my high school won't let me.

HERE'S an idea...let's realize that the fud/gepackers and car/pet/lickers are all chromosone deficient...the only reason that they are tolerated is because our society has degraded to the level that it has...the only reason that the politicians even tolerate you, besides their self-serving tendencies to want to get re-elected, is because you just won't shut the hell up...your continuing self-rationalization has sickened people to the point of apathy...you have not won, you degenerates, you have only dulled the senses of the normal people...you would rot in hell if there was one, and now my hell will be having to listen to you freaks put ME down, in your passive aggresive ways...

Liberals will run their mouth about staying out of their sexual issues like Birth Control or gayness. Yet they will smash it into the faces of everybody 24/7.

Sorry but these School Groups are WRONG and should not be allowed ! Are there any STRAIGHT SEX GROUPS ? There should be NO SEXUAL THEMED GROUPS IN ANY SCHOOL !  Want to concentrate on sexual things ? WAIT TILL YOUR OUR OF SCHOOL !

Welcome here my friends as the show will soon begin.. come in side.. come inside

@Rob. I agree with you, and I bet they don't have a Christian, Jewish, or a Muslim group on campus. NOW, that's too controvercial.

Gay/ straight Aliance ?   I would think that any "straights" that would belong to such a group are likely Pudding Packers that haven't come out of the Basement yet.  That the Teachers are being attacked for attempting to control Gay or Fey behavior in the Classrooms is telling.  Homosexual have a deep need for attention, and  constantly flaut themselves via clothing and exaggerated behavior.  Something that is disruptive to the learning process.  At any attemp to restore order the Homosexuals become Historonic, and push the issue as a proof they should be treated special, and given extra rights.  All this is about is to push their agenda, at the cost of controlling the educational system in their favor, and at the expenses of the other students. The Schools should not be use for social experiments by every radical group who want to force themselves on others.  Disband the "Club" and if they want to disruptive  expell them, like any other management problem kid that won't follow the rules.

Someone just called me " Fat " . where can I get a Lawyer , I need a payday also !!!

Chris....what is "normal" and who decides?  Is it "normal" to have your body ruined with ugly tattoos that make you look like you are wearing the Sunday comics on your body? WHEN did that become "normal"?I have an idea LGBT... start your own school, work at your own company, live in your own area, start your own country - SOMEPLACE ELSE! America is sick of your GAY AGENDA !

gays don't try to rob heteros of equality. we don't mind if hetero guys wear heels or hetero girls wear tux's.

Why are these clubs condoned? We should be teaching our children to practice abstinence. These clubs are facilitated by adult Gay organizations to be used as a recruiting tool since they continuously need to convert children during their vulnerable years as they are learning about sexuality so they can perpetuate the perversions of homosexuality.

The rump rangers just won't shut up.  Being a pervert seems to be in these days, but it's still a dirty sinful lifestyle.

let them have their own prom and dont let them go to the NORMAL one

who cares if butt pirates and carpet munchers are offended, they are and offense to every normal person who walks the earth. disgusting moral degenerates who promote deviant sexual behavior nothing more.

If so many straight folks hate gays, why don't they stop giving birth to gays?

Do the school allow a gay and lesbian club? What a shame! Isn't school a place supposed to educate young people?.

The Pro Pickle Smoker movement continues..

Let the gay people have their own prom.Can the End really be far away?

With liberty and justice for all...not just some.  We shall overcome!

Maybe you feel unwelcome because you are unwelcome.  Get over it.  Why would you want to be somewhere when you know you aren't wanted?  You just gonna force yourself on everyone?  No one likes that from anyone, straight, gay or otherwise.PS:  You're not wanted.  Go away.

When I was in high school between class the male teachers stood outside their door, if a male student walked by with the second button on his shirt open or his shirt tail not tucked in they would be grabbed by the arm taken into the class (weather it was your class or not) bent over the teachers desk and whacked with a wooden paddle that was about 2 ft. long. I`m not quite sure how they would have handled a male student that happened by in heels.

Get the #$%$ out of here! Normal people are sick and tired of the ghey parade!

What a sick society we have become with trying to make "anything" goes look like it's normal and Ok

Boo Hoo Hoo.

Get your own prom and stop destroying the occasions and memories of normal people.

Why are kids under the age of 18 allowed to promote their sexuality anyway?This is what is wrong with gay politics.Trying to push this behavior as normal, to a great majority that feel otherwise.It's not discrimination.We are just born this way.Should we let the KKK come to schools and post flyers? Nobody should be denied something based on race,religion,or sexual oreintation,but they should not be allowed special access because of those reasons.That is an advantage.Not EQUALL oppurtunity.These are the type of issues that must be cleared up before you can legalize gay marriage.

How did the school staff find out they were gay ?  Couldn't they keep their mouths shut or keep their deviant sexual habits limited to the closet in their bedrooms ???  How did the staff find out they were gay, unless they were "told". ???How come I don't have any rights to refuse to accept q(u(e(e(r(s?Gay means happy, bright, etc.How come they have to right to corrupt good words so I can't use them in their original context anymore?How come they have everything a(*(* backwards and I have to accept that but they don't have to accept me for who I am? Normal?

If we let teachers and students (with proper training) carry guns on campus maybe this problem will sort itself out.

So, they say they were harrased because they couldn't crossdress for the prom? You've gotta be fecking joking.

man. i wish i was going to see this prom.. boys in heel, girls in tuxedos. thats almost as good as going to walmart.

Homosexual students are high maintenance.

What a bunch of whiners. Little drama queens that want attention. Instead of being happy that America is more gay friendly than ever in our history they have to push and push for more and more. Guess what morons... the adults are offended by you. They don't want to promote you gay club over the intercomm because it offends them. What about their rights?

Quote the OT? OK make sure you are following all the rules.Equate it to pedophile, necrophilia, #$%$, criminals etc. You need to know the definition of "consenting adult" and "legal behavior"Try it's not natural well you better make sure I don't happen to know of 1700 different animals species it occurs in. This includes mammals, fish and avian.Want to try the "reverse bigot" ie I don't tolerate your bigotry therefor I am one? Well you need to understand how to debate. See that is a false analogy drawn to a circular argument easily defeated by this. I do not have to tolerate racism either. Nor are all ideas equal or even valid.Want to use the "they are a small percent of the population" argument? So because it is a small group that makes it OK? Well how about disabled war vets, people above 90 or people in wheel chairs or the mentally handicapped? Because gays outnumber all of those groups combined. Matter of fact if you would like me to extrapolate I can make any of you a minority as well.You have NO valid arguments. Have a nice day and go get an education so you all can stop acting, sounding and being so ignorant&gt; You are an embarrassment to the human race.Now if you wish to test me. Be warned. I have a Masters in Theology (religious studies) from ENC.I will kick the snot out of you all day long on this.

The Gay Straight Alliance would like to announce that we are in no way, associated with the Carpet Munchers United. They are a peniphobic organization and that is not what we're about!

Moving on to something news worthy........ enough with the mentally ill perverts.

When reading the comments, you can be nothing but ashamed to be an american these days. Freedom? Respect? Tolerance? All gone. Replaced by superstitions, hatred, ignorance. Instead of people trying to support each other, they invest their time into trying to make other peoples lifes worse.I have been for gays in Military from the beginning, I thought they shouldall be out in front and the first in combat..

what, they won't let 'em blow each other in the restroom stalls? omg, how backwards....

Attention all students! Please be advised that this afternoon's assembly for the Gay Straight Alliance has been canceled. The guest speaker, Anderson Cooper, has lock jaw and won't be appearing as planned.

Give it a rest already Gayhoo.

Funny the kids don't have any problem with this at all, but some adults can't handle it.I'm straight , married and a parent  yet I have never felt threatened by gay people , they have no negative effect on anything in my life. My kids have friends at school who are gay , no big deal. They aren't trouble makers , those who I have met were polite decent kids.

The best way to make people see that you are as normal as everyone else is to make a group to make people like you stand out.

Next its going to be acceptable to enter gay and lesbian training classes in middle school taught by GLAAD officials and paid by taxpayers. When is the preversion going to end on preaching to students instead of teaching to them right from wrong.Every young student in the country seems to have the need to be highlighted as being different and enjoy the notoriety of being special for somehing no matter how stupid

Gay clubs do NOT belong in schools with other children.

It's all about greed.

They actually have gay clubs in high school now? Man, this country has gone down the chitter!"We support everything they're doing in the 'gay' club at Sultana High School", said Miranda Stenkenbeaver of the Disabled American Indian Lesbians against Fossil Fuels and Professional Golf.  "The administration and staff at Sultana are nothing but homophobic, ignorant, hating, intolerant straights!  And they give PE credit for golf!"

Isn't it funny if you're in favor of marriage = Man &amp; Woman, the Liberals and Gays call you a racist and a bigot?

Up-to-the-minute, Gay-in-Your-Face news!  Reuters combs the world so you can have it RIGHT THIS MINUTE!

Seems awfully #$%$ to hear about gay harassment in Cali?

Gays are narcissist, impetulant whiners.Wish they would stop harassing decent people.

The thing that homosexuals in general fail to understand is that you can force people to be tolerant, but you can't force them to accept.I personally don't care if women want to lick slits or guys want to plug butts, but I will never "accept" it as normal behavior.

Hesperia is filled with nothing but white trash folks.  They are all meth heads as well.

This article is GAY!

typical looking for money for nothing

Gays are self centered and their behavior is repulsive. If they would keep to themselves then there would be no problem. Gays always have to spew their bigot hate towards families and religion. If they don't believe in freedom of religion then they should move to North Korea.gay relationships are role playing real ones.

Homosexuality is a perversion nothing more, and perversions belong in the bedroom not the classroom.

The ACLU hits the ceiling over something like this but they won't do anything to protect the the 2nd Amendment, a right which is GUARANTEED to us by the Constitution...

Most of the 50 states consider "gays" as harrassing.  Get a life--sodomize on your own conscience, not the rest of ours.

Yahoo LOSERGays know no other way but intolerance, we are used to it.During the early 1980s, I sat with a friend at a late night hamburger place. We were to ourselves, and as we were engaged in private conversation, a group of "men" called us the "F" words again and againchased us out, verbally assaulting us and physically threatening us.YOU Yahoo LOSER are one of these so called big-brave "men".This is the LEAST of what has happened. So Yahoo LOSER (you "brave" man)verbal taunts are nothing, ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to Gays who have been attacked, denied housing, fired from jobs, ostracized from out own families, had our centers burned down, etc.So keep attackingit means absolutely nothing because Moral and Good People are standing with us today..

Hesperia is a sad town in pain, full of sad people in pain.This is all about a lawsuit to get money.

It would seem that an #$%$ Whole club is in order for many of the posters here.

Most gays are always seeking attention, because they have no self asteem. If they did they probalbly wouldnt be gay, so they wine about everything if they dont get their way.

oh the poor #$%$..

90% of High school gays are just doing to upset parents and get attention.The young perverts want to make fools of themselves and disrupt school activities, and that subversive organization the ACLU is egging them on. Some young punk wearing heels and a girl in a tuxedo at a prom, what a stupid joke.

I thought everyone in california was gay???  Maybe they make fun of each other...who knows.

Gays are in the same class of people as perverts, child mollesters, child pornographers. Their minds are perverted. Not normal, but they try to normalize their being gay. They push their pervertness on all the rest of us. We should sue gays, for being gay. The world would be a much better place without them.

We need to stop using the word gay to mean homosexual. The word gay means happily excited . It has nothing to do with being a homosexual. Now its supposed to be bad to say thats so gay. The word has changed from a positive to a negative. When homosexuals get tired of being equated with a derogatory word what will they want to be called next?

Gay straight alliance wants to post flyers.Then the KKK, or any church,political group,all have to be allowed to.To allow just the GSA to do it would be an advantage.Not equality.That's the problem with gay politics.They want extra rights,not equal rights.

Time is almost up!! anyone else read the Bible???

Waa waa waa ...

Amazing.....students aren't allowed to talk about God at their graduations, they aren't allowed to wear Christian tee-shirts, yet gays and lesbians are to be accepted without any question.

Cross-dressing is not being gay. So what gay-specific activity is on their list?

In 40 or so years when whites  and in particular,white males are a minority) can the then take their place at the head of the line!If you disagree with LGBT people in general, that is fine and a matter of personal preference. It is when they are excluded and denied the right to even be present at places (such as prom or in a public school) where the discrimination comes into play. No one is saying you have to agree with it or support it. Definitely no one is saying that you have to participate in it. That is your own personal right to choose to be free from. But you have to afford that right back to the LGBT community as well. The LGBT community has the right as American citizens (and human beings for that matter), to exist and to live their lives in pursuit of happiness. For instance, they may not agree with YOUR heterosexual relationships, but they have the freedom to not participate in them. However, they do not have the right to exclude you from, say the prom or the school, because that would infringe on YOUR rights. Giving the LGBT community EQUAL rights as yourselves does not threaten you in any way and is only fair. For example, let's take prom: Are you comfortable enough in your own religion to attend the prom where five people of a different religion are present? Do you think that they will be capable of converting you if you either 1. see them enjoying themselves and having a good time, or 2. interact directly with them in conversation? Unless you are incredibly suggestible, you probably said no to both. In the example, it doesn't matter if the difference is religion, LGBT, gender, race, etc. The point is that if you are resolute in your positions, the presence of someone different than you should not pose any threat to you.

Hey Yahoo....could you go one day without shoving the gay stories in our face.What a pitiful way to make yourself feel important.

(h)-o(m)-o say what.

The 2nd amendment is being threatened all over America and the ACLU is worried about gay proms. I guess that seems about rights. The libs are idiots.

and the circus go on............

So sick of the gay and lesbian bullies.

Give them a free ticket to Russia,   They don't put up with this #$%$

Can the kids wear an NRA shirt to that school? And if they did and the faculty harass them would the aclu jump in?

So what! S*cr*e*w* them if they don't like it. Do they not think that NORMAL people aren't OFFENDED by theie qu*&amp;*&amp;*R mental illness?

In SF, they demand their right to perform sex acts in public and walk around naked. Coming soon to a High School near YOU!the word intolerant coming from a deviant leftist is laughable. How tolerant are you of opinions that disagree with yours?

This is harassment? It seems like not kissing self segregating groups #$%$ is now worthy of lawsuits.

Only in Sunny California!

DEMANDING? So here we are again with having to change the rules for EVERYONE over one or a few people.

"Heels"...? ONLY if they match the purse and earrings...

You do realize that the ACLU does not care about the "right," or "wrong," of an issue. It is a wing of the 'far left' liberal party,which only comes out of the woodwork for this type of cause. Dependently. And nothing else.

For the boys to wear heels is just ridiculous. Gay doesn't mean female.

More "hurt feelings". No one is allowed to express their opinion except the elitist gay agenda without a frivolous "I'm offended" lawsuit

L osers B admouth G ood T raits

Theres nothing gay about being homosexual. Its a nasty filthy life, gays suicide rate is 300 times greater than straight people, they spend the rest of their lives trying to convince themselves what they are doing is right, always seeking acceptence and they know in their hearts what they are doing is wrong and against GOD and nature. It is unnatural to have a sexual attraction to a child. Likewise, it is unnatural to have sexual attraction towards the same sex. Seek help. There is many places that offer real help, God's help. Have a nice day now.This is your America, libidiots, cause it sure ain't mine. I hope you're proud.

All Creatures Gay and Small or its a Gay New World!!

All thee gays cry and whine about being harassed , but its ok for them to harass straights all the time about being gay.

The Gay Straight Alliance would like to announce the kick off of this years "New Recruit Drive"! As you all know, a strange virus as decimated our membership this past year, so we are actively seeking new students to join us! We promise a good time for all!

I hear CA is facing a new wave immigrants from Russia,and  East Europe who are bringing their Stalinist hate with them. Can someone confirm this?

The gays are a weird bunch. They can take it up the a.z.z.z..z.z.z.zz.z.z.z. but they also fall apart when laughed at or when somebody doesn't think their gayness is special.I laugh at gays...especially the guys who wear dresses and the women who look like a lumberjack.

And once again, the people living in other developed nations just shake their head when reading such news, thinking, again, that the US had once been a country of freedom, respect and tolerance, and turned now into the western version of Iran or Saudi Arabia, where prejudices, lack of education, ignorance and superstitions rule supreme.

Un-freakin' believable. I wonder...sometimes, how much of this is brought on by parents and society. I remember a few years back going to the store and seeing a kid, couldn't have been much over 1 year old, he had a mullet hairdo and a pierced ear. I could just hear his parents screaming about how he "wanted to be an individual". It was the parents that did that to him. Kinda makes me think the same about these kids...The parents saying, "Hey, it's okay if you're gay, or want to experiment, or try something new..." That's why this #$%$ is so prevalent.

dress codes are there for a reason. Stick to your guns school don't change them for anyone.

If the Supreme Court needs any more evidence about the hate and animosity that gays and lesbians have to live with every day, they can just read the comments here this morning.  Keep it up guys, you're making our point every minute.I guess if you give a gay a sideways look it will be???? Prejudice? Sexual Racism? What? F (u) C-K gays and the agenda that has gone way too far.

"feel harassed and unwelcome"Are they afraid that adversity puts hair on their chest?

I can just imagine all of the parents who are proud to say that their children belong to a gay school club.

How would the staff even know they are homosexual unless they were acting gay and quire? So, act normal and stop with trying to shove your wieners in to everybody's mouth.

What about the hetero club?

Wow.... what about an artical that proclaims Gay's Harrass straight 's... Oh my that would never Happen  ...///Read these Articals .... PUSH that life style down my throat is FINE?????

Exactly why is there a "gay and lesbian club"? Is there also a club just for " students that are heteros"....?

one more thought why don't the gay community start their own string of schools acrossthe country than they all can have #$%$ Grabbing good time, if you get the idea I am notfond of Gays you are 100% correct

Why don't they have their own Prom ? And maybe the straight students should boycott the prom and remind the seven or eight twinkies that they are the minority, tired of being forced to respect something so disrespectful, not everyone licks zippers ?

steers and q.......The ACLU will be the undoing of civilized society.  There is a great answer to every problem in an already cash strapped public education system......just sue them.  Who cares right?  I'm sure the students won't might not having to do math anymore.  This is ridiculous.

Yeah, gays can't give what they demand.... tolerance. The question is, does the school require other clubs to use the full name of the clubs. IF they do, then the gays are just trying to get special rights again. While I don't want the gays to be harassed, harassment is in the eyes of the beholder. I smell some whining by the gays. I wish gays would learn that the world is not about them.

Maybe there should be a special school for the gays. Normal students shouldn't have to be exposed to their deviant behavior.

There are no sexuality clubs in High schools nor should there be......I don't remember the studly hetero club.  Over 12 girls walked visibly pregnant at the last graduation.......sad and pathetic.

Now they aren't happy being called 'gay' unless you say it admiringly. They have a lifetime of disappointments ahead of them.

They should just change the name to "Any reason to sue club"

The guys can not wear heels to the dance OMG You never stop Wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing.

The gays are going to ruin it for everybody.

Its not too hard to understand the concept that if you let some kids wear heels and tuxes than you must let all kids wear them.

How can we come up with a new strain of HIV that can extend its kiss of death to lesbians as well? I say we pray about it. God did wonders with the first one, you know.....Sue the homophobes into submission.  They seem incapable of learning by any other method.Ignorant, stupid, immoral or a combination thereof.

Why did the American Medical Association and the American Psychiatric Association take homosexuality off their mental illness list? What new evidence or research did they have that brought them to their decision? You tell me cause I sure can't find it!

Sounds like a white house party

To the Gay students of California,Listen up homosexuals, stop being so gay.  Stop acting gay, talking gay, sounding gay, dressing gay, and just being all-around gay.You wanna be a homosexual?  Go for it.  Nobody cares.  But be a homosexual without acting all gay.STOP.ACTING.GAY.p.s.  And no gay headbands either.

You homophobic ilk are more interested in homosexual intercourse than most gay people I've met! That can't be normal. Are you sure you're "straight"?

I support the gay students and hope they prevail!To all the people making anti gay comments.You losers are not cool enough to be gay!SNAP!

Every day...PC trumps having an opinion or stating your view. Most especially when it comes to the gay community. Disagree with ANYthing about this perverse lifestyle and you are branded a bigot, homophobe, racist, etc., etc. I don't like homosexuals (LGBT)...sorry for having an opinion... Not the people... The lifestyle.

So it's harassment when rules aren't broken for you?  It's a brand new world...

Throw the case out, everyone in California is GAY!!!!!

Why do gays think that everyone has to accept their sickening oddness: guys wearing high heels, girls wearing tuxedos, guys intimate with guys and girls intimate with girls. Vomit!!!Waaaa, Can we turn Prom into HALLOWEEN?  Dude can I french kiss my boyfriend in public without getting a citation for disorderly conduct like everybody else? Can I walk around campus in clothes with homosexual slogans? THESE are the EQUAL RIGHTS you whine of??????

60 miles from LA and there are no Gay Staff Members? Teach them not to be prejudice starting in pre-school and we will have better adults in the future!!!

Get rid of the freakin club Should nt be a club based on sex.

Every California high school could conceivably be sued for the same or similar reason's. This could be the greatest boost to attorney's business in decades. Let the law suits begin, please...

Yahoo should be more concerned with how Google kicks their #$%$ than gay rights. They'll be gone soon enough anyway.

This is what happens when Obama, Hillary and Bill runs the show. However, I gotta say that heels are appealing to me. Anything to get out of these uncomfortable DNC shoes!

Just let these people be who cares about their life style

You want to fight for a boy's right to wear high-heels to the prom?  And then you wonder why he gets bullied mercilessly?  Geez, stay in your bedroom and give yourself a makeover, and when you exit the house act like a man.

Eventually in the future all our clothes will based on one unisex design and none of will ever be judged for what we wear again they only downside is that we'll end up being a more rigid conformist culture.

please you need to form a gay and lesbian club for homosexuals to meet.  Its HIGH SCHOOL not find a mate school.  Homos always looking to be affended,Where's the "harassment"??? It seems as if it the GSA group that is doing the harassing. Nothing in the above article even remotely substantiates a claim of harassment. Here's a good, logical solution....BAN DEVIANT SEX CLUBS FROM PUBLIC SCHOOLS. That #$%$ has no place at public school. None at all.

Part of the liberal war on straight people

The Gay Straight Alliance would like to announce that for our Christmas fund raiser, we will begin selling our famous home made fudge next week. We are looking for volunteers to help us pack the fudge before the sale. We sure hope you can help!

Since when is the right not to be offended the guiding principle of American life? Homosexuality is a mental disorder and a moral disorder, not an identity. I'm sorry they suffer from it, but the world doesn't need to kneel to them.

Gays, druggies, boozers, porno addicts, gamblersOf all thoseGays want others to accept their abberent behavior in all situationsNoGet it together and be a manor womanas you were born to be

You can have a gay club, but not a bible club.  What if someone is offended by the gay agenda?  I would think that type of club should not be allowed on public property.

Its fun to watch special leftie groups go after each other.  What is a pol to do?  Go with LBGT or the unions?  Talk about a conflict.

They are not "gay" they are "homosexual" a choice of behavior. I bet I get lots of negative comments about my telling this truth.

Well if you think about for a hole half second you come to the same conclusion, THEY ARE UNWANTED.

So basically a Gay man wants special treatment because he was born with a desire to suck another man's #$%$?  Why is someone with sexual desires demanding special treatment?  Since when has SEX become the center of the country's worries?I was in a straight bar the other night and this guy popped down beside me in a chair and said "I'm gay".  I said, "talk to the fist".

Gay and lesbian students do not have "rights" particular to their pathetic proclivities. This madness in our schools must stop! We're graduating an entire generation that can't read and write and are functionally illiterate, and these PC school administrators are "concerned" with the policies regarding bullying and tolerance. What a bunch of hooey! It is absolutely DIZZYING how far down the excrement chute the country has fallen. 80% of graduating seniors in New York City schools are illiterate. And those are the SMART ONES who apply for college! The others? Probably none of them are literate. Unfortunately, there is no escaping the stupidity of the Enlightened, Progressive, and TOTALLY IDIOTIC American disease called LIBERALISM!

Matthew 18:6 "But whoever causes one of these little ones who believe in me to sin, it would be better for him to have a great millstone fastened around his neck and to be drowned in the depth of the sea."

Isn't Californica one of the states that forbids or has a tough time accommodating students with a strong sense of Christian identity?

Homosexual behaivor is deviant and immoral.  Tell the ACLU to go to hell.

Why do we jump thru hoops for 6 or 7% of the population, when even the Bible condemsthem, they are freaks of nature.

Our schools should be all about education and nothing else!They should eliminate all clubs and social activities until they get it right.Hey look....the rest of the world is laughing at all of this nonsense.

Your lifestyle is being shoved down our throat from all sides. I am not alone when I say I'm sick of it. I know it's your life and your the one that has to live with the decision you have made. We don't have to like it and you will be criticized for it.

Please GOD protect all of my fellow GLBTQ friends from haters, killers, prejudice holy rollers and whomever else is promoting hate....  Please GOD protect them from harm, help them to lead happy, successful and beautiful lives... And help them GOD by removing all of this hate and prejudicism from there lives for it is very dangerous for them... We love and believe in you GOD and we know we have a purpose here as well as everyone and everything in this UNIVERSE.... MAY GOD BLESS MY FELLOW GLBTQ FRIENDS ALL OVER THE WORLD...Angel of God's light, whom God sends as a companion for me on earth, protect me from the snares of the devil, and help me to walk always as a child of God, my Creator.Angel of God's truth, whose perfect knowledge serves what is true, protect me from deceits and temptations. Help me to know the truth, and always to live the truth.Angel of God's love, who praises Jesus Christ, the only Son of God, who sacrificed His life for love of us, sustain me as I learn the ways of Divine love, of sacrificial generosity, of meekness and lowliness of heart.Thank You, my heavenly friend, for your watchfull care. At the moment of my death, bring me to heaven, where the one true God, Who is light, Truth and Love, lives and reigns forever and ever.Amen.

.... how about the constant harrassment from gays towards NORMAL people .... IMPEACH ovomit and all others that support these weidos!!!Gay people think they should be allowed to force their lifestyle on you. I had a gay street performer on the strip say some things in front of my son that were inappropriate. I asked him to stop and he followed me taunting me. That earned him a trip to the hospital.

No comment...Just send them all to Sudan...they can run free there with their stuff blowing in the breeze...the Lions won't  mind abit.

This is why we don't want them in the Boy Scouts.. they always try and re-invent the wheel.

Please dial, 1-800-44O-BAMA

They should feel unwelcome. They're  @#$%^&amp;*

I'd say a guy in heels is simply unnatural &amp; cause undo impedences to learning, thus, should be banned. A chick in a tux at a prom, presumably with another chck, is just silly. Come on America wake up. Rights vs. harrassment vs. common good for everyone is getting carried away.

Poor it on them every chance ya get. Maybe they will slowly die off.

Gay men want special treatment because they suck another man's #$%$.  Why can't I get special treatment for sucking my husband's #$%$?  What's the difference?

My kids and grand kids have gone to schools where this would not have been tolerated - yes, even the ones in Texas, and h____ would have frozen  over before I had allowed them to be in those environments.  They are all straight but they are not taught hate and no one else is allowed to teach them hate either.  The administration and teachers and that school don't have the control they should have.

Gee whiz, gayz and lezbianz were praized in the school district I worked at in Montana, but those myth believing, bigot idiot Christians were grist for the mill. The admin brownies even bragged about forcing preachers to watch their favorite porn said to have been "developed for use in public schools."Like little kids looking for attention!

If you really knew what gay's do, sexually, you would be sickened! There is a reason they were inside the "closet", they should Stay there!

Bigots see harassment as a fun pastime and if a gay teen kills himself over being harassed they see that as a plus for their side.

The hateful comments here only go to show the need for schools to have gay/straight alliance groups.

People might not be so cruel to each other if they could imagine themselves in the other person's heels.

They should feel harrassed and belittled  ..   THEY'RE    F....   #$%$     .NO #$%$ MONGERS HERE  .....GET WITH THE PROGRAM    ..     GO STRAIGHT AND FIND YOUR FAITH    ...

Ship the gays to Europe.

I love gays in their grave

Good.  There's absolutely no reason their teachers need to know they're gay.  Keep your sodomy within the confines of your bedroom closets.  Perverts.

Life ain't that simple, sometimes you have to fight for what's right, so to the GSA: Stop being a bunch of spoiled brats, recognize that not everyone wants to hear about what you have to say, it doesn't mean they discriminating or harassing, they are as free to express they disagreement as you are to express your ideas. QUIT WASTING EVERYONE'S TIME AND GROW UP!!Most people don't realize that when the ACLU was founded, it was a communist organization that advocated disarmament, the abolishing of the State itself, and the social ownership of property.  In other words, they advocated the destruction of American society its self.  The early leaders of the ACLU were affiliated with people who got deported to the Soviet Union because of their communist activities.  They also held the highest regard for Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger, who was a passionate advocate of eugenics  the attempt to improve the human race through selective breeding. Abortion was a primary means to this improvement, leading Sanger to write, The most merciful thing that a family does to one of its infant members is to kill it.  The early leaders of the ACLU also felt that marriage between a man and a woman was a mockery of freedom, and the result of that is the ACLU is the leading advocate of same sex marriage, as well as polygamy.   Look into the history of this organization, everything I wrote here is factual.

Homosexuals are just as bad as pedophiles!

High School is a place for stuudents to learn the various subjects they need to go to college, it not a place to tout ones sexual orientation.

Accusations of harassment by a minority interest group is usually more of a power play than anything else. It's a way of imposing your ideas and will on others.  Among high shcoolers the claim that you are gay is an attention getter. Being gay today is kind of hip and trendy. Hollywood, television and the media glamorize this lifestyle and so teenagers (who might not be gay at all) want to be a part of it.Students who lack academic, artistic, musical, athletic or other special abilities use the claim of being gay to draw attention to themselves. It's somewhat shocking and makes others take notice of you.Claims of bullying add iceing to the cake by enhancing the victim status of a minority interest group. ...In our society you've got to be a victim to get attention.

Pandora's box of gays will never be satisfied until everyone is bi bi. Greedy and unhappy bunch "want want want my rainbow skittles".

we are slowly poisoning our own society.  "Everything" is ok and acceptable.  Pompeii thought the same 2000 years ago, as did Sodom and Gomorrha.

What do you think they do at their gay  meetings ?  Read FAIRY TALES maybe.......(LOOKOUT,COMEDY COMING ATCHA)

For the love of God...

I'm not anti-gay, but the gays are sometimes bringing it on themselves by wanting to stand out instead of continue to blend in. So you are gay, it does not mean everyone has to know it and shine a spotlight on you. I'm straight. I'd feel weird if someone gave me special attention or perks in life just because of my sexual orientation. My sexual orientation is a personal choice. Yes being gay is a personal choice even if some don't agree. Why do I say it? Because actions happen after thoughts happen. You choose to act on your thoughts rather than keep the thoughts in your mind. Therefore being gay is a choice. As long as it is silent and within yourself with no action, you are not making the choice to be one way or another. Once your thoughts turn to actions, it is the choice you make that turned it into an action. Personally, I feel like no matter our sexual preferences, we have a right to put on our own bodies what we want. Many males wear "skirts" and "dresses" and have over time, but it has been called different things. Fashion shouldn't be policed except if it is to protect from iminent danger to one's self or someone else. Cause of uncomfort is not a reason for policing fashion, unless males would be willing to wear "dresses", "skirts" and such that hide their bulges, and stop using modesty as an excuse to control the females who may not feel comfortable having their privates still exposed since dresses and skirts are open at the bottom and pants and shorts actually have material that goes between the legs. Which means skirts and dresses only shield privates and pants and shorts truly cover them. As for heels, hey, if that guy wants to wear heels, let him. It's not hurting anyone just to have him wear something different.

Romans 1:26-28 "For this reason God gave them up to dishonorable passions. For their women exchanged natural relations for those that are contrary to nature; and the men likewise gave up natural relations with women and were consumed with passion for one another, men committing shameless acts with men and receiving in themselves the due penalty for their error. And since they did not see fit to acknowledge God, God gave them up to a debased mind to do what ought not to be done."gays our like hemeriods   always hanging  around  someone   as----z

Why should they make the homosexuals feel wlecome? There are people who believe that homosexuality is sinful and sick. They should not be forced to smile at homosexuals. I\If the KKK opened a club at the University and they complained they were being made to feel "unwelcome" would anyone take them seriously? Some people do not like the KKK. Some people do not like homosexuality.Last time I looked, the First Amendment was still a part of the Constitution unless Obummer and Fast and Furious Eric Holder has added an amendement saying "free speech doesn't apply to your opinion about homosexuality unless it favors it".

What did they tell him to get off of his knees? or that the his slip was showing? Give the kid a break he is gay and demands I mean deserves special treatment....

Shut up, and grow a thicker skin for frak's sake.

Ban Gays

What is 'Gay Bowel Syndrome"?

why not 'the weenie- and donut-bumpers and their friends club'.....

A Gay Club in a high school ? Where is the PTA now day ? .What are these kids doing to each other ?  Amazing how this country has gone to Pot so fast. God has a nice Hot seat waiting for the Gays when they meet Lucifer. Too bad we could not see into the future, Obama and his Buddys would not be in the WH now. He has made this huge mess already and has almost four more to go.  God save us all. Perhaps when he is sucking up to Israel, Iran will send him a surprise package via airmale.  If they are going to start WW-3 this is an excellent time to start it. But of course they won't be around to injoy the furits of their labor. I don't guess we could send Obama and his Left Wing, Gun Grabbing, Gay Kissing. Rich Communist Horde to Israel with him can we ?

Can we please just break California off the Union already?Send it drifting out to sea..someone would want it...hopefully.

Les(BO)'s and Dlck eaters need to be in a special class, away from normal people..Its probably the other way around.

Bigots are actually doing gays a favor. The more insane they act the more the courts see gays need laws to protect them and more laws get passed. Thank you bigots not only for the help but the free entertainment.

I Love P****, do a story on me..

This Country is going to hell in a hand basket!!!!!

Make the prom a private party and you make the rules. Don't like it don't go..

Let them dress up. Check the pics out in twenty years..hilarious!

Tired of this boat load of bull, shut your mouth, act normal and blend in with society. Then the respect will follow

Straight Americans need... an education of the heart and soul.  They must understand - to begin with - how it can feel to spend years denying your own deepest truths, to sit silently through classes, meals, and church services while people you love toss off remarks that brutalize your soul.  ~Bruce Bawer,While many minority groups are the target for prejudice... and discrimination... in our society, few persons face this hostility without the support and acceptance of their family as do many gay, lesbian, and bisexual youth.  ~Virginia Uribe and Karen HarbeckThe pressures on gay teens can be overwhelming--to keep secrets, tell lies, deny who you are, and try to be who you're not. Remember: you are special and worth being cared about, loved, and accepted just as you are. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise. Alex Sanchez

I remember in my six grade I was paddle on my a... big time, coudn't sit for days.  That was then, now the school would get sue.  Well discrimination is a thing of the past, that also means, gay discrimination.  Schools that allow that sort of thing now, should get sue too!

Keep sueing schools until they all learn a lesson.  No discrimination of any kind.  They don't discriminate blacks, hispanics or asians, why should they discriminate against gays?The last time I checked, disgusting and perverted behavior didn't merit civil rights.Gays wonder why the world is repulsed by them.

All these gay rights groups demanding that everyone just accept them for who they are, is no better than the 22 million plus illegals demanding amnesty.

The gay agenda needs to get back in the closet and stay there!

You give an inch, they give you a foot, up your but. You never bend for the devil, or the Mexicans, or the gays, or any other damned group.

Good thing they were gay and lesbian, if they had be Christians they would have all been shot.  By the way "gay &amp; lesbian".  What does that mean?  It infers that men are gay and women are lesbian, thus, only men can be gay.  I guess the men are happy, the women, not so much.

There is no God. There isn't even a god.

They are upset about a teacher calling a scarf Gay??Remember back when teachers taught the kids how to act, what to say, etc??

Complaining about not using there full name doesn't LGBT do that. I'm tired of people wanted preferential treatment. It you can where a tux to prom then don't go and if you feel offended because people use the word gay in an offensive manner so does Hollywood, social media and other welcome to the real world.

Why is the average gay person's life-span about 10 years shorter than the average normal person?

Poor sentence: "...unwelcome, a civil liberties group that is threatening legal action said on Monday..." Should put the part after the comma in a separate sentence, then EXPLAIN it!We're here, we're queer and we're IN YOUR FACE.

Maybe the nation needs laws and non-profit groups to protect the rights of heterosexuals?

The homosexual agenda desperately needs your children (since they can't have any kids of their own). I mean, where do you think new homosexuals come from!

"I am gay and the world must applaud me"  OR ELSE.  When did a sense of entitlement become the norm?

changing the rules of prom i mean  wow, this gay thing is too far... they wonder why everyone doesnt support them, they think their way or no way... WIsh i would go to that school beat the snot out of all the #$%$s.

Since there are minors in that school, they shouldn't be exposed to someone else's sexual orientation til they're 18.. when they're in college they can get as gay as they want

You gay people need to get off your high horse &amp; stop whinning...You are nothing special!!!I'm straight &amp; I've been harassed so I guess I need to sue someone &amp; broadcast it!

The latest poll from ABC/Washington Post:58% say same sex marriage should be legal64% US Constitution trumps state laws on same sex marriage24% see homosexuality as a choiceLooks like homophobic ilk are becoming the minority.

gay gay gay thats all you see on yahoo

Why do gay men seek out each other's butt-hole for sex when the woman already has a vagina designed exclusively for this purpose?Pathetic that to now be a part of the "in" crowd so many suddenly "come out" with their perverse sexuality and demand that it be acceptable to all. Its not acceptable to me and many others..don't try to force your choice on everyone just to make you happy.

These group of people should just get their own society and save us this headache

More Gayfoganda.Perverts are angry for not being able to crash the party with their oddness. If your crossed-up behavior gets you negative attention, quit being so obnoxious.If I want the proper attention of the female species, I HAVE to behave a certain way.  I can't SUE girls if I can't get a day.  Gays need to be diplomatic and GET OUT of people's faces.Gays bludgeon everyone with their rainbow ways.  Their negative attention is well deserved.  People are sick of being Skittled to death.

So to prevent harassment and bullying the ACLU sets the example of harassing and bullying the school into compliance? What a strange would we live in...

Heels? His daddy should be smacked in the mouth!

I say give them a lifetime supply of Preparation-H

Well they should not be gay!!!!

"girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels"What? No tutu's for the sissies?

I do not care if people butthump each other just shut up about it, do it in privacy, because I do not want to see or hear about it. I have the right to free speech, but if I walk into the super market and start calling people names, eventually someone will get offended enough and kick my behind! Same principle. Keep your deviant lifestyle to yourselves!

This is all because the school officials didn't fall all over themselves meeting the every whim of the 'gay' community. TOUGH!I feel unwelcome being straight with all these gay articles. Can I sue?

I love how the Superintendent just rolled over like a dog..no wonder this country is so f'd up.  A few little gay blades making a big deal out of nothing.  As for the clown wanting to wear heels..what kind of parents would encourage that behavior?

People are getting sick and tired of gays whining. Everything offends you! Oh, that's because you are gay, huh? Suck it up beitches!

did anyone else LOL when they saw the "upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels."

yahoo keeps hashing out  h  o  m  o.  how q  u  e  e  r    is that??

Homophobia is a myth. We fear no #$%$!

It's becoming more and more evident that the harassment is coming from homosexuals rather than the other way around. The hate they spew on anyone who disagree with their perverted lifestyle is being taken up by politicians, hollywood and the liberal media in their attempt to force themselves on others even going to the extent of taking their forced acceptance to court. When immorality starts becoming the law of the land freedom ceases to exist since the state now tells you what's right and wrong in their eyes only and your opinion is meaningless.

Why is this a club?

If they want to do that then I want to see the guys wearing dresses to school! lol

Proud to be white and straightThe crazy bigots are actually helping gays. Their insane behavior just shows that gays need protection and it helps to get laws passed. Thank you bigots for acting like fools and also for the free entertainment.

There are safe, proven and effective treatments for the mental illness known as Same Sex Attraction Disorder.

This is so fked up.

To all of the gay bashers out there. Why did you click on an article that had "Gay Students" in the title only to spew your hatred in the comments section. Me thinks thou does protest too much.

It's so funny watching bigots fighting against freedom knowing there isn't anything they can do to stop it except have hissy fits and make fools of themselves.

I can understand it being considered harassment if they cannot put up flyers, or calling a headband "gay," but I don't see how shortening their name to "GSA" would be bothersome. Perhaps they should choose their battles a bit more wisely.

Poor homophobes, first you lose the term marriage and now you have to share the schools.   Its hard out here for a hater.Bwah-hah-ha!!!

And...how do you know you're gay if you haven't experimented with it? So...these kids are having unprotected #$%$ at home...how comforting.

Never had any #$%$ in my school. At least if their were some they kept their mouths shut of face a school life long #$%$ whooping !

Whenever I see a gay, it forces me to reevaluate my stance on late term abortion.So the American Civil Liberties Union, often referred to as ACLU, is supporting a group that is upset because they are referred to as GSA?  Way back in my high school days, we had a Black Students Union that was shortened to BSU and no one was upset.  What's up with the gays?

Do you see any clubs in schools labeled "Straight Club", "Large Breast Club","Friends with Benefits Club","Casual Sex Club", "Big D{I}c}k Club", or "Porn clubs"???Having a club denoting a sexual orientation or act/implication of a sexual nature has no business in a High School!!! I am okay with gender based clubs and clubs of a none sexual nature.

"We need people accepting and open to our views on homosexual marriage,"  said Herschel Analicker of the North American Gay Boys in Bondage, West Hollywood chapter.  "But if you oppose them, well you can take your bigoted, hateful, ignorant outlook and shove it.  Free speech doesn't extend to people we gays don't like."

The gays are whining about something.  Gee, what else is new.Whenever gays are expected to adhere to the same rules or policies as everybody else, it's harassment.  Gays, you want to suck on something...try your car's exhaust pipe.

Maybe high school isn't the place to try to advance the gay/lesbian agenda.  Maybe other people can have an opinion.  Maybe, just maybe, the fact that you find your complete identity in who/what you want to have sex with shouldn't be forced on other people because you want to feel accepted.  Why can't you be tolerant of other's views just as you wish them to be tolerant of yours.  High school doesn't need to be the place you try to advance your agenda anyway.  Just go to school.

Amazing how being a male fellatioist/sodomite or female cunnilingist can grant you special rights today.Next you'll have numismatists in bed with philatelists and demanding right over it as well.And yes, this comment is completely stupid which is what I think of this article.

Wow a #$%$ article that is so gay.

Good for this school!!!  The children attending this school should not be forced to see perversion plastered on their walls or hear about the activities of the sodomites..  Sick and twisted..

we need to go back to bashing gays then they will be happy to be harassed

Offend if you do, offend if you don'tGays being discriminated? If you are disgusted by immoral and repulsive behavior that isn't discrimination. That is human nature to stand up for decency.

aww the poor things ..

Liars!

No place for discrimination and harassment in today's society.

Gay people ... no one is going to kiss your Butt just because you are gay.... gay is NOT the new black. Get over yourselves.

i see yahoo is once again controllng the comment and thumbs as their deviant agenda is clearly not the mainstream of the united states.

I find Gays to be sick and disgusting, BUT if these kids aren't doing anything but being normal kids except for their sexual preference, then the teachers should leave them the hell alone!

One of the pioneers of the "Gay Rights" movement is the founder of NAMBLA, I think that says it all.

I wud harass them too. Know why ? Cuz they're gay, that's why. If they choose to be gay, they ain't got nothin comin. Solution: Don't choose to be gay.

What about the rights of the normal students? They should sue the ACLU. Don't you think???Don't say you don't want attention then do things that draw attention. Don't say you want to be accepted like everyone else then proceed to set yourself apart.

Gays want publicity.. that's why they do what they do.

When is it ever ok for a teacher to harass a student? Oh right, it's never ok.

Hesperia School District! Stand you ground on this! Don't give in! Be a Christian community not a gay, lesbian community!!!! Stand fast!!

Sad,sad,sad. Any more whining will only keep the President and Congress from concentrating on REAL issues and divide the country even more. Of course these nit picking individuals are always right and the majority is wrong. Time to GROW UP and quit whining about a high school prom full of weirdos!!

gays are sick people

The gay community is not winning people over. With their my-way-or-no-way tactics, they're turning more people against them every day.  I was never particularly fond of gays but I used to have a live-and-let-live attitude, and didn't have much of a problem with them.  Not anymore.  Now than they've gotten so militant, I can't stand those whiney little shts.The damn gays preach to everybody about tolerance, but they're the most intolerant people you'll ever meet.  All they do is try to force everybody else to accept and support their perverted views, and they fiercely attack anyone who doesn't.  Stories like this prove that you can't placate the gay community, because nothing is ever enough.  Whatever you give them, they always holler for more.  It's time for the damn gays to sit down and shut up!

"Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for the school's upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels."    ~ ~damn freaks

Ugly homosexuality.......

i see the haters are going strong. the more you hate something, the more you fear you are that something.Girls who want to dress like boys and boys who want to dress like girls? What is happening? I feel like I am in an episode of the twilight zone!

Is anyone else sick and tired of all the whinny gays we hear each and every day. I am so tired of it, I could throw up.  Maybe they could all just do home school and save us all.

First off, I don't agree with homosexuality, at all. What someone does in their own home, is entirely up to them, as long as they don't involve me. I believe in the one true god, the god of Abraham, and he has told of his dislike for homosexuality, and perversion. He has also said that it is not for us to judge, but that he shall be the judge of men. So, therefore, I try my hardest not to judge, but I am not perfect. However the way I see this situation needs to be resolved, is simple. If the homosexuals think they are being mistreated, abused, being denied rights, ect., then in my opinion, they should just boycott the prom. I never went to prom, as I dropped out after 11th grade, as I had responsibilities to tend to. Personally, I think these kids should consider what they are fighting for, (ie; girls to wear tuxes, and a boy who wants to wear heels), and ask themselves if it is worth this much trouble. I think if they want to wear what they want, and not follow any dress code that may have been put in place by the school, then they need to throw their own party. Otherwise, all this is not actually for equality, but more for attention.

Anyone who is gay is a mental case.Period.. There is no other room for debate.

I don't care if you love and have sex with a person of the same sex - but do not try and shove it down my throat,   This fing law is about marriage - not the right to make it mandatory to have gay people in every T.V. show, commercial, every company and job.    Now I have no desire to be gay - nor to have my children taught that is an appropriate life style in the schools.I have no desire to watch and see that behavior daily.    If this fing government can not have a live and let live policy - without making gay mandatory,   Then they have taken my rights, and congress, the gays,  and no one else has or should have that right to infringe on mine.Want to talk about discrimination - how about discrimination based on income, based on ability to pay off, lawyers, judges, congressmen, that too is discrimination and the government is in violation.   Can we put our congress in jail for discrimination ??   Oh I forgot no law applies to them they are above such things,

Everyone get a Kleenex and cry because the school won't let some dude wear #$%$ heels to a prom . There's to much discrimination, let's all hold hands behind over. Wait Peter I didn't say go #$%$ that dude in the sht hole.  PETER were crying for you.

used to be 'harassment' meant someone actively did something cruel...now it appears that it's been redefined to mean that every whim hasn't been catered to and fawned over. Not being allowed to do something isnt' 'harassment'.

Cancel the prom and let them deal with the fallout from their classmates.

That gay garbage has no place in a public school.  I attended high school during the 1950s and never even heard of one case of a student with a gay perversion.

Quick solution, cancel the damn prom."Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for the school's upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels."lol, what a noble fight these pha66ots are fighting!

Kids have a natural aversion to perversion.

I hate Ca it is a disease upon this Country.

Homosexuality is a SIN!  Gays and lesbians will burn in hell for all eternity.  They say it's "natural".  There is nothing natural about two guys or two gals having sex together.  I find it sick, disgusting and immoral.  I'm not a gay basher; I'm a gay hater.  God says to love your neighbor as yourself and while I try I can not get over how literally disgusting it is.  YUCK!

It's easy.  Stop being little entitlement idiots.  Tell your parents to discipline you a bit.

Students at the school have complained that teachers have used the word "gay" in a derogatory way.Is there any other way to use it?

i hate gays and their kind

Professor Lisa Diamond has made a compelling case that many women dont discover their true sexual identity until their 20s, 30s or even 40s. A woman may reach her 40s, believe that she is a straight woman, and then find herself falling in love with her soulmate  who happens to be a woman. Here are three of Professor Diamonds most relevant articles:Female bisexuality from adolescence to adulthood: results from a 10-year longitudinal study, Developmental Psychology, volume 44, pp. 5  14, 2008.The evolution of plasticity in female-female desire, Journal of Psychology and Human Sexuality, volume 18, pp. 245  274, 2006.What does sexual orientation orient? A biobehavioral model distinguishing romantic love and sexual desire, Psychological Review, volume 110, pp. 173  192, 2003.

These freaks don't get it.  Plain as the nose on you face and they don't get it.  Homosexuality is not wanted.  Boys pretending to be girls and girls pretending to be..... what?  Freaks !!! As to the ACLU.... gag.

all you goober gobblers and #$%$ smackers go on the jerry springer show and explain yourself  lolLIBS. in ca are such bigots....cant tell ya how many times I have seen so called "open minded libs" make fun of a gay person.

Dear yahoo CEO,Would you please stop with all the gay people news. Every freaking day there is a article about some gay topic. It getting old. Every election it's one of the main topics. Everyone has had people not accept something about them. But you do it to a gay and it gets national attention. Now that all of your people go to an office have a sit down with them and put a stop to this.

What a butt hole of a country. Thanks to #$%$ Obamo.

The goal of a gaystraight alliance is to make their school community safe, creating a welcoming environment for all students REGARDLESS of sexual orientation or gender identity. It is about decreasing violence,  bullying, harassment,  and discrimination.Get your mind out of the gutter bigots. It is not a sex club, or meetings based on the sex act.

I reserve the right to be disgusted by a group of individuals who not only follow the latest fad, but a fad that is sexually dysfunctional and disgusting.I don't believe I need to explain why I am disgusted at Hollywoods latest brand of stupid.

Gay people offend the hell out of me and I demand they all be removed from every city and town I go to ...they discriminate against me because I don't believe their life style is normal in any way ....

America has become a liberal cesspool

you may have the right to have your group, you do not have the right to force other individuals to say exactly what you want....if other people want to announce your organization as "GSA" then it's their prerogative in doing so...not yours. When are the freedoms of speech for all protected? They want this and they want that..so long as it is not in contradiction of their lifestyle.I'm still waiting on reading about how high school students organized a heterosexual group...open to all.

It all depends on who is in charge in any particular school. If you have some who dislikes gay people, you will find harassment.

How can any of you say you're better than these people when you talk about hurting a child for footwear or killing someone for something that's none of your business? If god exists, I'm pretty certain heaven is the last place you'll find yourselves. It's disturbing... none of you seem to realize who you sound like.It's so funny watching the bigots go nuts saying they are so sick of seeing gay in the news. That just shows how dumb they are that they don't realize if they don't click on the article they won't have to see it.

Can't they even wait to get out of high school before coming out?  I just seems like they are being pushed into sexuality when they aren't even ready. And I am FOR gay rights!  I know, I know, you people out there are going to say I am full of it.  And maybe I am; I am just OLD!

The club aims at creating a safe and supportive environment for gays, bisexuals and people supporting them. It's about support, cooperation, tolerance, helping each other. What for a %(&amp;%hole has this country become, that people consider that to be something bad?

oh, cry me a damn river....so they used an acronym...so they feel uncomfortable...big friggin deal.  What did you expect?  You flaunt your wierd #$%$ cray #$%$ around, of course your going to make people uncomfortable.  I mean, a dude wearing heels....friggin #$%$.

Why is this news?...we have 10,000 more pressing problems in this country than how a few teachers treated gay and lesbian students.

I don't know about you guys...but this all seems a little fruity to me.

That's because they are not Welcome.

My question is when will pedophiles get the same rights.  I'm sure they were born that way.  If you're convinced gays are purely born that way, you have to accept that pedophiles are same.  It's a sexual preference.  In some societies and in the old days (for those who like to reference the greeks), it was acceptable to have sex with children.  I'm sure that the studies that presently show that children have to be old to make responsible decisions will be reversed in the future.  That will occur.  Along with being labeled (and sued) for being a homophobe if you haven't' tried it.  That's the next equal rights issue for gays.

#$%$s want to take everything normal and make it abnormal like them

Who cares another gay article, blah blah blah." Animal lovers bring suit for harrassment basedon supreme court decision of gay rights".... any questions?

Why don't #$%$'s just shut-up................what creeps !

California????? No way.

The tiny minority again.  These kids think they are gay?  They are just playing with sex.

Am so gay Am going to have a hissy fit!

so some #$%$ makes a big deal that he can not bend over some other pervert in the bathroomHomosexuals make up less than 3% of the population, why would a high school lower there standards and dress code so some pervert can dress like a man or womanplease look at what it issome mentally handicaped homosexuals wanting everyone else to adapt to him or her

It's the PROM people, and that means you have to dress appropriately. Doesn't it just suck that gay students have to dress appropriately, too!  Sheesh, just wear something reasonable and go and have fun. You can wear your pink tutu and heels AFTER the prom. There. Problem solved.

"...the school's Gay Straight Alliance"..???  Isn't this an oxymoron?

Good grief, using abbreviations over the announcement is harassment? good grief, get a life.

Homosexuality is a perversion of normal sexual behavior. Unless you are re writing the dictionary. In that case marriage is no longer between a man and a woman either. In these "enlightened" times we can write our own moral devinitions. SO sad AmericaDoes the high school have a "straight as an arrow" club?  Anyone who has close connections/friendship with a homosexual will tell you... these folks are not happy unless at the center of attention... EVERYONE's attention.

dang, its smells like sheet here, more and more, especially at Sultana High School....

There is no "gay gene"....gays are Not the "norm" and no amount of screaming, yelling and lawsuits will make gay the "norm".  Whatever their sexual preferences are is Their private business and it should stay that way.

"Put all gays in their own school!"Yeah, because that worked out fantastically during segregation, didn't it?

i see the haters are going strong. the more you hate something, the more you fear you are that something.

The teachers are right

When are we going to get over this WHOA ME #$%$ !!!! You want to be weird, be WEIRD but don't expect the remainder of the world to jump through their a$$ES cause you have a few problems. Can you imagine all these fruitcakes lined up in a wagon train in St. Joseph Missouri and headed for California, they would be about ten miles into Kansas arguing over EYE SHADOW !!!!!!! There wouldn't be any frigging California.... How could a people fall through their #$%$ so far in a 180 years !!!!!!!

"We support all the butt pirates at Sultana High School," said Joel Buggermeister of the Pasadena Gay Men's Antique Tupperware Exchange and Gerbil Ranch.  "We're sending a gross of our healthiest gerbils for their recreational use tomorrow morning."  When questioned about what the gerbils were for, Mr. Buggermeister said, "Oh... nothing..."

Fa&amp;&amp;ots are a threat to all of humanity. There germs and sicknesses are becoming resistant to vaccines....

The high desert is full of biblethumpers, teabaggers, homophobes and Nazi skins and peckerwoods..one thing I do not miss about SoCal.F..U..lousy butt gays. You turds all need to be blasted off to another solar system.

Everything is my right my right to these fruit cake liberals, well it's my right not see nasty gay people at school.

"...it was teachers and administrators who 'seemed to be the most uncomfortable' with gay and lesbian students..."Soon the definition of "hate crime" will be extended to include "being uncomfortable"?

When I was in school, if I were to wear high heels to school, I would have gotten my butt handed to me. I hope my kids never have to deal with seeing dudes wearing girls clothes to school. I would have no choice but to go to the school and dish out some major wedgys.

People do not have a right to behaviors. A desire to engage in a behavior does not make a person a different class of human like a race or gender.  Regulating behaviors is constitutional in fact all of our laws regulate the behaviors of people who desire to do them. This entire argument that a desire for a behavior makes you a different type of person is insanity. Now, that being said, society can choose to allow any behavior if they deem if harmless to society. But merely wanting something does not create a right to do it.

I have to see both sides of this story. Thats why it is not good for teachers to be in a room without a witness. If gay students were too opened about it, then maybe they where actually harassing others?

The ACLU and homosexuality need to be banned.

Oh dear! Did the poor things get their widdle feelings hurt?

And now the truth begins to rear its ugly head.  All of those bleeding heart liberals and gays are nothing but pawns in the hands of lawyers.  They have been used and the Trial Lawyers Association is the user and benefactor.

Good for them. Being gay is not all right. This should not be allowed to influence normal kids in school.Gay bunch looking to ca$h in big time b/c they're an extra-super special minority.

And what is the evening prayer of the haters today?"Dear Jesus. Today I spent another 10 hours on the internet, insulting random strangers. I'm sure you'd do the same if you'd be here right now. I also made up lies, because they sounded good and aggressive. I know you'd like that. And I quoted a lot of things because they sounded nice. I don't know whether they are true or not, but who cares about the truth? I know you don't either. Well, see you in heaven, sooner or later. Say,  can I insult people in heaven too? That's the thing I enjoy most, and so I can do that there, right?"

I used to have a live and let live kind of attitude toward gays. But now that they've gone militant, barking it in my face everywhere I turn, I'm beginning to HATE them! You Brokeback Mountaineers might do yourselves a big favor by backing off the throttle, right about now. Just a little friendly advice...

I was on the bus yesterday and two small children in front of me were watching two gay men making out that were sitting next to me.  It was disgusting.

you're gay. we're not. shut up.

The superintendent says the ACLU has his "full and focused attention".  Apparently, his attention was focused on everything BUT how his students are being treated.  Maybe it's time for a new superintendent.

I'm a little perplexed.  Aren't homosexual activists ALSO trying to make certain people who DON'T AGREE WITH THEM feel HARASSED and UNWELCOME, too?  Where's the ACLU when traditionalist speakers are UNINVITED for speaking engagements at public schools and universities?  Where's the respect for DIVERSITY of opinion?

If you stay in the closet and don't broadcast your perverted sexual preferences to the entire world, then maybe people will leave you alone.

Boo hoo. Go cry a river. They got every right to weed out disgusting vile from their schools. Why don't they sue all heterosexuals too? Maybe we should all be forced to be gay and stop reproducing and put an end to the human race.

Do you believe in JESUS CHRIST ? Have you ask JESUS CHRIST TO COME INTO YOUR HEART ? IF NOT PLEASE DO SO, HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN DELIVERED YOU FROM THAT SIN. If you seek to be delivered from homosexuality you may feel as if your prayers are not being answered. Every day may seem like a struggle. It is important for people struggling to be released from certain desires to understand that deliverance is a process, and it is often never instantaneous. Sometimes deliverance from homosexuality is long and difficult, but have faith that God is with you every step of the way. Be patient and eventually you will see progress.Patience in the process of deliverance is difficult. Yet, God knows when certain things need to happen better than we do. Sometimes God has other priorities in order to get you to the point where you are really ready to be delivered from homosexual desires and behavior. Those priorities may not always be the same as our own, and that can be very frustrating, because God's priorities may not always seem like they are related to homosexuality or same-sex attractions.Is True Deliverance from Homosexuality Possible?You can be absolute deliverance from homosexuality it is possible, If you truly desire to come out of homosexuality then continue to ask God to help you through the process. Many people that face homosexual desires find that God's strength allows them to move on in their desired direction.Why do two lesbians who use a double-headed phallus in sexual intercourse really need each other?

Google glass will be the new way to spot the homoz.  You have to be a fairy to wear 'em.

The staff of schools should be a role model. The one of that school is a disgrace.

Girls who want to dress like boys and boys who want to dress like girls? What is happening? I feel like I am in an episode of the twilight zone!

about the only thing the whole debate has done is convince me that tolerating this self indulgent behavior was wrong.and that a new classification of a crime needs to be establisheda crime against the species

I support the gay students and hope they prevail!To all the people making anti gay comments.You losers are not cool enough to be gay!SNAP!

The ACLU and the mass media.... They got to go.

That's funny.  When I was in High School, the long haired, leather jacket wearing heavy metal crowd got looked down on and was unwelcome at sporting events and dances due to their appearance and reputation for trouble.  They were given little chance to ever disprove these allegations over the four years of HS.  They were discouraged from attending Prom because you know how those troublemakers get when given too much freedom.  I just love our PC save the world at all expenses attitude.

If gay people had to constantly be hearing and reading phrases referring to Heterosexuals and Heterosexual Lovers, they too would want to censor such counter-intuitive ideas. The gays would be protesting the use of the heterosexual word....but as it is, you almost never hear a straight person or straight couple being referred to heterosexual, not in the media nor in casual talk.

Most everybody knows that gays are the most intolerant and selfish people in our whole society.  Sad but true---Gaystapo may be coming for you!Teachers should be right in their faces telling them they are not normal and it is unacceptable behavior.  If you want to be gay and act gay, do it off school property.  Gays should have the same rights as the religious on school campuses....absolutely none.

The only way you could get more hate and opposition at a public school is if you wanted to set up or have a Christian bible group.

OOOOHHHH...them poor little 'ol gays

Liberals sure are a mucked up bunch of peeps.  The males think their a/\/us is a vagina, and the females think their vagina is a p(enis.  No wonder their leader thinks 17 trillion in debt is no big deal.  They are all mentally corruped and wholeheartedly perverted.

Go away and be gay in the closet-we are tired of your perversions!

OMG!!!! They failed to use the club's name in announcements. Just tragic.

Get over it you sex perverts.

Regarding the homophobics who use the bible as a shield to mask their ignorance and hate: You have to look at the context and the meaning behind the words. Levictus was all about putting things into categories and different categories did not mix. So, technically you break God's law if you wear clothes that are a blend of two different fibers. Divorce is also condemned in Levictus but we don't forbid people to divorce. Also, you should be condemned if you touch a woman in any way within 7 days of her period. What Levictus actually meant in "man shall not lie with man as he does with a woman" means a man should not treat a fellow man as his inferior as he would a woman, because treating a man as a woman is wrong. Back then, every woman belonged to some man, either her father or her husband. Having sex after the wedding to consummate the marriage was the man officially claiming ownership of his new woman. If you have sex with a virgin woman, then you have damaged another man's property. So, in essence, Levictus was property law, and your argument us invalid. Nowadays, the Bible is used selectively as a weapon, so unless you want to kill unmarried, non-virginal women, divorcees, and people who wear mixed fabrics, you can stop preaching.

I am so sick of hearing about how gays and lesbians are mistreated and harassed.  If you want to be left alone keep your lives to yourselves in the privacy of your home and stop broadcasting your problems to those around you..... its highly likely they DON'T want to hear about it

I want to know why they have a club at all....I am not allowed to have a Bible Club....You can't have it both ways....I also want a white club, an all female club, I'll think of moreThese gays need to stop polluting our youths with their perverted filth.

When will homosexuals realize that the majority of the world, not just the US, does not agree that this lifestyle is not normal??? There is a reason that a man's reproductive part was made to fit INTO a women's. This has nothing to do with being born that way because you're not. You don't come out of your mother's womb with any kind of sexual orientation. It's learned and it can be controlled, just like if you were born to an alcoholic, you might have a greater tendency to drink, but it's a choice you make, to drink or not drink. If the world was not suddenly so "open" to the homosexual lifestyle, we wouldn't see so many people "coming out". Half of these young people are just trying to fit into the norm. Frankly, I'm sick of being forced to accept what is so disgusting.

If a man lies with a male as he lies with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination. (Leviticus 20:13)Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived, neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the kingdom of God. And such were some of you. But you were washed, but you were sanctified, but you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus and by the Spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11)God is speaking to every single living person on this planet as plain and as clear as He possibly can with the words He is using in these two verses. Bottom line  homosexuality is a sin and an abomination in Gods eyes and He will not tolerate it, accept it, or condone it in any way, shape, or form.However, God will not force you to make this choice. He has given you a full free will to make your own choices in this life. God will let you know loud and clear as to what His wishes and intentions are going to be for you in this life, but you will always have your own free will as to whether or not you will choose to abide by His ways and laws for your life.God has laid out His direct opinion on this topic, and He has made it as clear and plain as He possibly can. But the ball is now back to you. The final choice will be yours to make on this issue. Which side of the fence do you now want to walk on now that you know what Gods opinion really is on this topic?I know some of you feel that this desire was something that you had in you from very early on in your life. But just because this unnatural and unholy desire was in you from very early on does not mean that it was something given to you by God Himself.Satan has a demonic army and some of his demons specialize in attaching this kind of unnatural desire onto many people at an early age. And once one of his demons has slimed you with this unholy desire, his job will then be to try and convince you that this was a natural desire that you were born with, that it was given to you by God Himself, and that there is now nothing you can do about it. But nothing can be further from the truth, as God will never go against His own Word on this topic.If God is telling all of us that homosexuality is a sin and an abomination in His eyes in the above two verses, then God is not going to be changing His mind anytime in the future, as the Bible tells us that God does not change, nor does He lie. The above two verses from the Bible are Gods direct Word on homosexuality, and His direct Words will stand for all of eternity on this topic.Once again, I just ask that you use your own natural intelligence and logical common sense to think this issue all the way through. Try to see this from Gods point of view, as His point of view will be the only thing that will matter once everything is all finally said and done on your life.Search your own soul and heart on this topic. Examine your conscience. There is only one possible truth on this issue, and you will find out very quickly in the very near future as to who was right on this topic once you die and cross over to the other side.Again, which truth do you want to roll the dice on, knowing full well that you will eventually be dying and leaving this earth, and then crossing over into another reality that will be waiting for you on the other side?

And the staff who feel "uncomfortable" with 'gays' and 'fur-traders'? Aren't THEY being harassed by having to put up with all this? If gays and lesbians don't like to be harassed...don't advertise...

How is it discrimination, if my preference is not to have the gay lifestyle shown as part of my business,   I no longer have that right.   Why ??    Gays now have rights and straight people do not,   When you give rights to some and take them from others - that is bull, you can not legislate emotions and feelings - you still have whites that hate blacks, blacks that hate all whites,    Our congress is made of criminals, thieves and idiots.

HOMOGAYS..... In your face.... whining... disgusting... in your face... freaks.

Most of you ridiculous idiots do realize you are making homophobic and vile comments about children, right? I am amazed at how close minded people are on Yahoo.

You can have a GAY/LESBIAN club in school, but don't try to have a CHRISTIAN club. COME ON COMET!!!!

Homosexuality is a disgusting perversion.

how about the highest suicide rates and STD club? that's your filth pushing liberal agenda.i remember a kid in HS that loved to stay in the gym showers until everyone was done. one big punch in the face corrected his meat gazing.OH #$%$ No that teacher called me straight. I better go get the ACLU, because she used straight in a derogatory way. That chick over there wants to wear heels to the prom. That boy over there wants to wear a tuxedo to the prom. Maybe if I whine and get the ACLU people will see that the school is discriminating against me. Then I might be able to sue and get some money.

Hey!  We're gay and no one is treating us special!  You dont pronounce the name of our group correctly and you wont let us dictate how things are going to happen at the Prom.   Time to call in the ACLU

What this little snot nosed brat left out of her "take the gay headband off" comment is my kid is a senior at Sultana and in the dress code they dont allow anyone to wear hats or head bands, dew rags nothing on your head unless its a football helmet at practice or a game.No gang logos, no pictures of guns on your shirt, no support of any thing on your clothing, you cant wear a shirt that says "Jesus loves you" on it, in fact they even make you pull your damm pants up, no mini skirts.So the gay kid is #$%$ he cant wear a #$%$ bandana, tough #$%$

No one is asking anyone to marry or even approve of gays, but only to have the enough tolerance to understand that they do not affect you or your religion and the constitution does not allow discrimination based on religion.

"Students at the school have complained that teachers have used the word "gay" in a derogatory way."  Ever since the word was redefined by activists, there is no other way to use it.

The Government needs to pass a law that if homosexual activity in the presence of children is sexual harassment, a felony, and have to register as a sex offender!

Only in California is samesex sodomy considered a human right.

Does anyone else out there get the impression that the news media - and Yahoo, in particular - are prodding folks into committing violence against gays? I mean, it seems like everywhere you turn these days, you're being hit in the face with more diarrheal spew about butt-cowboys!

Ahh, so now the homoz are learning from the minorities.  Who said liberals were stupid?

boo hoo. they should have their own prom. why ruin it for decent unconfused kids. you are who you were bron to be! not what you want to beWhy does the average gay man have at least 150 sexual partners during the course of his lifetime?

The gay/lesbian community have become our new terrorists.

My wife's grand son came out of the closet, the attic, the basement, the utility room, the garage and a few cracks in his parent's home the other day.  He came to our home the other day after he came out and was made to sit on plastic, wear a mask, rubber gloves and was not allowed to use our bathrooms.  For some reason he hasn't been back for another visit.

Anal sex is the most violent form of sex.  Many people consider it equal to being raped.  Basically Gay men are shouting that they want the right to be raped.  Who the #$%$ cares.  Get raped up the #$%$ all you want.  Just don't shove your sick behavior down our throats.  I don't care you the heck #$%$s you up the #$%$.  Jesus.  I'm sick and tired of Gays throwing their sex lives down our throats every single day.  You don't see straight people announcing daily their sexual activities.

Yet, Stacie Halas, a California teacher who lost her job for WALKING AWAY from porn, is out of a teaching job for leaving a sordid life behind her while California schools are being forced to allow this sordid lifestyle from twisted homosexual students and their ilk? You just can't make this stuff up.Therefore, if these bullies should get their way:-Stacie Halas should be allowed to sue the California Department of Education for utter hypocrisy and get her job back. Teachers must adhere to a moral code while at the same time; must allow wanton and blatant immorality on campus by the students? Again you just can't make this stuff up.-Let there be no more prosecution of teachers sleeping with students. Heck, the kids can even bring the teachers they are banging  with them to the prom.-Drop all charges and re-instate all teachers fired and prosecuted for sex with students. Since the charges fell under pedophilia, then this would open the door for the likes of Jerry Sandusky and Catholic Priest also.-Students involved in #$%$ should be allowed to bring whatever cat, dog, cow, sheep, hoarse, goat, etc. to the prom as their date. After all, what's good for the goose is good for the gander right LGBTs?If you are ready to hand your children over to the beast America then this is what awaits your children. Some of you have already started to hand them over by allowing LGBTs to adopt children knowing they are going to twist their young minds to be advocates of their sickness to promote their cause, yet you want to hang Jerry Sandusky and Catholic pedophile priests by their toe nails.  Check yourself America.

boo hoo

Clowns need their own circus to run!

Is the ACLU low on goverment funds. Does everyone know that the ACLU is based out of London England and not the United States. They come to this country and find ways to earn money suing for anything. I think if this club wants to continue it should but should not ask the school for special treatment. They need to act like other students and not impose their beliefs on other students. I think using the ACLU is just another wat for that organization to keep earning money by charging the goverment for fees. They have also become the legal defense for anyone, through fear. If you cannot afford to defend yourself, the ACLU will not sue you, but if you have money they will attack. Have you ever heard of the ACLU suing a single poor person, or a small poor anything, nope no way, no money in it for them. I defend the Gay and Lesbians for their beliefs, but they do not need the ACLU, we have our own courts, and there are laws in place to defend them. To go after a school district in a economy that tells you they are broke, why make them spend money.

that's degenerate liberal diversity for you....libs?

#$%$. I thought I was reading the National Enquirer.You can give me all the thumbs down and call me all the names you want. But political correctness aside, I believe that if nature had intended two people of the same gender to be sexually active, they'd be able to procreate naturally. But since gays cannot, that makes it a perversion. Plain and simple. Does this mean i hate gays? No. Does it mean I believe they should be denied basic human rights? No. I just disagree with the concept that it is normal..

so sick of this sick behavior continue to be shove down everyone throats

MeThinks; the ole poem that starts,'Oh my god what a blessing, woman can #$%$ without undressing should take the cake....Silly teachers get the idea they have to try to get the student ready to meet the workplace and the public...I'm to believe to cansal the proms and have a all day at the park.

Gays are bullies.

There should not be an extra curricular activity/group pertaining to sexuality of any kind in highschool! SMH

Homophobic? Maybe you're gay.

good

boycott anything gay!

Oh tell 'em not to get their panties in a wad....

These people are Sodomizers, Homosexuals and Lesbians! i call u what u areGay means...bright, fair, happy! ..and aint nothing bright with a man sodomizing another(even when they are TWO consenting ADULTS)A woman with her head btw another woman two legs is a lesbian (not gay)...aint nothing bright about that either.The world has HI-JACKED the name Gay and TWISTED it to FIT their LUSTFUL and UN-NATURAL behavior.Gotta love California...

Gays think they can intimidate everybody with law suits? I'd say let them do the super bark . They like BOLT live in a fantasy world.

nooooo.. not in california...

A lawyer told me today that the 40 year old white male is the most discriminated class in the United States, although you never hear about them suing

I'm starting to prefer when they were all in the closet, we all knew, but nobody talked about.

Hey - ACLU PUKES - when you going to take a stand on the second amendment and how it's being trampled on ?  Come on, you liberal, PC bunch of gutless bung-wads.  Let's see how you fare in the winds of a cause that AINT so nicely represented in the media....

Forget about the zombie apocalypse, its the freaks we have to worry about

If North Korea does launch a nuke...may it land at the center of the ACLU head quarters

These kids do not want to start their own prom.

It can get awkward for some of our nation's female high school faculty.  She attempts to have an affair with a student, only to be mortified when she finds out he's gay.Man talk about sht, some dude wanting to wear heels to the prom is more important than kids getting bullied at school.

"Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for the school's upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels." In other words, everyone else at the school has to be subjected to it. Great! But the views of students who don't approve have to go ignored once again. If you want a freak show, go to a gay club. If you want to go to prom, follow the dress code."While the ACLU letter focuses specifically on the rights of gay and lesbian students, I see it as a moral imperative to reinforce the current efforts in...." They used moral and gay and lesbian in the same sentence. Ha!

they only use the initials GSA and thats harassment said the ACLU

I don't see whera a man going down the street and falls in a man hole or a woman going down the street lickity split  is gay it sounds a little #$%$ to me.

I don't like a "DIRTY DEAL" myself! It looks disgusting!

Love to see people stand up for their rights. The polls are in and the GOP has to change. The majority of people now support gay marriage and less people now believe homosexuality is a choice, as if straight people ever questioned that. Hey crazy religious people, can you just choose to be gay? If so, you are probably bisexual. I cannot choose to be attracted to men, even if you put a gun to my head. That is crazy what religious people will come up with to justify their discrimination.This should be very alarming to those older, fading voices, 81% of adults under 30 now support gay marriage. That is a done deal. The old people are dying off so if the GOP wants to win anymore elections, they are going to have to give in, just like the confederates had to free their slaves and restaurant owners had to serve black people and that men had to accept women could now vote. Maybe there is hope for the US.

Homosexuality was taken out of the DSM as a mental disorder in 1973. Transvestic Fetishism is still in the DSM IV as a mental disorder I wonder why the LBGT community hasnt harassed Washington to have that disorder removed also.

If aclu is involved, this just became a gay for pay scenario. "We're here, the aclu is here, everybody i know is #$%$, get out your checkbook".

They are unwelcomed sickos

Let's push this filth back into their closets!let all fudg epack ers go to hell ... along with the perverted democraps that support them!

The suicide rate among gay teens is about four times that of heterosexuals...there is no excuse on the part of any adult...especially educators...to make any teenager feel less for who they are.

For those who believe marriage is only for reproducing: why are infertile or older couples who cannot procreate able to marry? Is their marriage not as equal?

Welcome to America. The only place where all the straight people are expect to bow down and worship and give special privileges to any and all freaks. Fact: these sickos were treated like everyone else and it ticked them off. How dare they not throw a parade at their school for the gays, and honor them with certificates and awards.

Harvard now has a funded student club for people into Sadism - they say they want a warm welcoming place on campus - so people that like beat on others wont feel harassed

As usual this has nothing to do with sexuality.... it's based on a strong need for both attention and drama..2 highly significant behaviors of this agenda/group..

Sincere question:  Why do homosexuals desire to dress like the opposite sex?  If the boy in this article likes other boys, why does he want to dress like a girl?  Why can't he and his date both dress like "boys".  I don't get it.  Likewise for the lesbo gals.  Why does either partner need to dress in traditional guy attire (tuxedo)?  Why don't they just both wear dresses?  Why does the difference is sexual preferance manifest itself in the impulse to dress like the opposite sex.  It seems to be a hinderance to being taken seriously.  Not trying to be a hater (or H8'er).  I just really don't understand....

so sorry alien beings, maybe it,s time to return on your spacecraft to Planet #$%$? Most earth inhabitants do not receive you, sorry!

So yahoo is censoring the comments again. can't even call them the word which rhymes with sphere. Freakin Sodomites.

Some of the principles the US society is based upon is equality, freedom and the right of free speech. The school takes a huge dump on all that, by censoring their students and telling them how to behave, stripping them off their individuality.Their has to be a large plot of land on earth thats unknown. Maybe its time to look for it just like the puritans did and form another country because the good ole US of A is become a real cesspool

If they are suing and wanting money then just toss out the suit.. If this really happened then they aren't mad because they are without millions of tax payer compensation money. They are mad because they felt unwelcome and harassed.. It'd be fair to only reward them with fairness.. Not tax payer money! I didn't insult them but i'm about to start if this is another frivolous law suit that my tax payer money goes to..

DADT.

California could probably pay down some of their debt by marketing themselves as the gateway to hell. Come one come all. See where Satan plays.

Good for the teachers and school officials! All these kids wants is attention otherwise they wouldn't choose to act like this. When you go against Gods word, you deserve whatever society gives you.

If equal rights actually existed in this country, you know...the ones our forefathers fought for. This wouldn't be news! Its the indifference and hatred for people that are different then your personal norm that makes this such a big deal. If people hated you for being who you are then you would be taking the same steps. Its more sickening that a school canceled a prom because one female student wanted to take her girlfriend. Now that's #$%$I)n)g stupid.

Kinda how the libs make me feel as a Christian and constitutan ,bill of rights lover!

Screaming, whining f(a)gs. it's what makes up our reality in 2013.  We're surrounded by slimy bu(tt) bandits who are trying to stick their diseased w(a)n(kers) in other men's re(ct)ums. The Bible said that this was coming and it's now here.  You can smell the sulfur in the air...but soon the Lord will return and the judgment will come...

people of LA...sucking on too many hydro-carbons. oil by-products...affected their brains

When is it acceptable for a teacher to harass students? Oh, right. Never.I see no examples of harrassment in this story.  What the paraphilias are really seeking is complete approval and the endorsement of everyone.  Well, this is a free country, and no one has to like clubs that are only about being a homosexual. My guess is that this is the ONLY club that is based on sexuality, the rest are about normal interests.  Time to quit the constant whining already.

Yet another reason to abolish taxpayer funded school

Feeling harassed and unwelcome? It is because you are changing from a child to an adult and everyone feels the same way at some point.

The funny thing is Hal. We have to accept this nonsense. Yet if we don't were biggots and racists. Last time I looked LGBT was not a skin color.

If you are truely gay then why keep being in everyones face about it, unless you aren't really gay and just looking for attention!!!!!

dam all these gays do is cry cry cry cry cats and dogs have more sence all these gays will ever have. They do know how to keep on making dogs and cats you sick little people

Where is the ACLU when a HATE GROUP of GAY STUDENTS attack the bible that 2 BILLION PEOPLE believe in. PUBLIC HIGH SCHOOL TAX PAYERS MONEY. If it was a bible story about christmas they would shut it down. GAY BIgots GOOD?

The intolerant right-wing just wants to turn everybody into uniform drones obedient to the state.

Did you ever walk in front of another person and have them scoff, chuckle, curse, or even spit? That is, at a minimum, "harassment" and it is the problem of those committing the crime. A very severe and deeply rooted problem. At a minimum, the persons accused of committing this type of crime should be given intense psychological evaluations.

now i have to go to the school and see if they have a deviant club, if they do i am taking the district to court for exposing my children to preverted behavior in the schoolI'm straight and I felt ridiculed, disrespected, and offended in the gay places when I happened to enter by error. Should I sue?

maybe not everyone likes gays its our tax money maybe you should start a school just for gays or an island for you would be better..aclu butt out no business dictating kids rights at schools. gays wanna be welcomed should get a free trip to male prisons see how theyre welcomed there..

I support the gay students and hope they prevail!To all the people making anti gay comments.You losers are not cool enough to be gay!SNAP!

Simplify this...give the gays and lesbians and what ever other societal reject there is their own school. Problem solved.

Damn if these Gays are getting settlements for harassment and discrimination. I am gonna pretend to be gay and get some loot. Thank you gay people now I can buy a new car. Wow I guess in the end Gays do serve a purpose!

Let's tell the truth...Society is better served if the gays got back into the closet.

Just be proud that your gay and if you want to wear your heals sweetheart you just go right ahead and do that. I'm sure your parents are VERY proud of their little boy, I mean girl, no I mean, well little cross dresser OK.

Prom is far more likely to encourge sex than a club that focuses on providing a safe place for gay or bi teens.

these gaybos are stupid little kids who need to graduate and worry less about social activties until college geez give it up aready

Sodomy by two men or sodomy by a man and a woman are equally disgusting and shows sexual deviation and perversion. Two men should be allowed to have partner benefits but not call it marriage. Marriage should not be in the realm of government but rather left to spiritual institutions that can decide who they want to marry. Let's keep the sexuality out of the politics on who we can decide to partner with in our lives.if you can't tell yet!!!!  Homosexuals and the sin are not welcome.....

THIS STORY IS SOOOOOOO GAY!!!

Hesperia is in rotting, racist San Bernardino County. Nowhere near Los Angeles.

Sick of hearing about the pandering to gays every day in all the liberal news service.   ACLU is a liberal bunch of ambulance chasers who have outlived any value they every had.

One theory is that homosexual urges, when repressed out of shame or fear, can be expressed as homophobia. Freud famously called this process a reaction formation  the angry battle against the outward symbol of feelings that are inwardly being stifledIts a compelling theory  and now there is scientific reason to believe it. In this months issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, we and our fellow researchers provide empirical evidence that homophobia can result, at least in part, from the suppression of same-sex desire.

if they are guilty fire them all its bad ebough to be bullied by piers but when a teacher does it they are in the wrong profession

It's funny that all the heteros here seem threatened by a relatively small group of people that could not care less what they think and are only trying to get the same equal rights.

Most common pick up line in a gay bar is....can I push your stool in?

so if hetrosexual students want to start a club will that be allowed???? If not then who is opressing whom then.  At least they are allowed to have their own club...

So the liberals bring us more division and ever closer to civil war.Yet another reason I sent my kids to private catholic schools.

Why do most homophobic ilk have the mental capacity/maturity level of a child?

why do fruit loops think they have more rights than anybody look at me i am a sick puppy and i hate you for your right not too like me

Nowadays a normal person is expected to bent over at request of any pervert.

Gay/lesb having problems in the world, therefore they need to find place in HELL where they belong these sicko.

Heres a quote from UNAIDS"Prevalence of HIV among men who have sex with men and transgender people is almost always higher than the general population. In France, for example, men who have sex with men have an estimated HIV prevalence that is nearly 100 times higher than the national average"And we want our kids exposed to this behavior because......????????

AIDS is a gay disease - it likely would have been eliminated in the 80s, except the gays have no self control.

Have the gays sent the anthrax letters to the school yet?

So if these messed up Gay Wads don't like the way things are then why don't they just start their own clubs and leave the normal people alone.

In a strange way, these groups have become so powerful that they now have more rights than minorities.This is what democrats and liberals are turning america into. I only hope the collapse of our country comes quickly , so we can start over..

OMG Thank God I didn't have this #$%$ going on in school when I was a kid.  THANK GOD.  I feel so bad for straight kids nowadays.  How embarrassing is it to go to your prom and see a dude in heels.  Jesus

H/S is really a case of heterophobia.  Now they're lobbying to force others to accept their definition of reality, actually $Fxual dysfunction.

But didn't Jesus say that it's okay to harass and/or bully homosexual young people?  That what the bible says.

Gay test. #1 does a fart turn you on?End of test.

They felt unwelcome???

See Jack run. Run Jack run. See John run. Run John run. John runs fast run John run. John is catching up with Jack. Run Jack run. Oh my John caught Jack and touched his Bum. Not his Bum Jack run run run.

It's too bad that people/groups cannot communcate with each other and find a way to coexist.  Teachers and Administrators should be adults and set a good example. Whatever happens, the teachers who use derogatory terms and refuse to at least try to understand their students, gay or straight, have no place in teaching and should look for employment in another field.  As a teacher, I find it incomprehensible that teachers would use insensitive language. What kind of example does that set?

just do the gays under than they will go back into hiding

gays unwelcome in cali? Thats a very false reason to sue, kid just wants free money, classic in that liberal state.These children have mental issues,why aren;t they getting help?

So they can get their way, the gay will play the gay card like the blacks love to play their race card.   lol, all in a day's work.

First came the Women's Suffrage movement...then the Civil Rights movement...the Women's Equality ERA.  All of these happened.  We are now in the era of Gay rights.  Educators,...please listen up...this is going to be successful just like all the rest that came before.  Don't push back, let it happen.  It is useless to try to stem the tide, since your students want this.  Each successive class will push for more rights and get them.

Boys getting upset they maybe cant wear high heels to a school function. When i was in high school - we were more worried about getting drafted with KIA's regularly over 200 a week.My guess high heel boy will then get upset when he wants to wear heels to the office. Getting beat on or harassed was part of a growth experience not a good part - but its life.

The ignorant haters can spew forth their insults, lies and harassment. But that won't change a thing. Women got equal rights. Black got equal rights. Gays will get them too. The haters will say otherwise, they will lie and mock and scream and complain. But that won't change a thing.

Well in ALABAMA they (g.a.y.s) will get beat down

i am so looking foward to the court sayingthere is no constitutional right to be a sexual deviant, and the people have a right in a democracy to determine what is morally acceptabel behavior.

nation is under attack by the gay taliban.

Good for the school. Don't allow gays a damn thing. I HATE #$%$. I will ALWAYS hate #$%$. I don't like them...I'm never gonna like them....and don't give a rats rear if they like it or not. No need to reply....I don't care what you say.

The gays have crossed a line. Everyone was on board with the whole treat gays like human beings things. Now they are purposely testing the boundaries of our goodwill. Wouldn't be the first time a minority has done it.I thought gay kids were home schooled?

How do you use the word "gay" in a derogatory way ?  LMFAO  !  Ok here is how its going to be, "Turd Tampers" on the left and straights on the right !  Now shut up and set down !

Next the pedophiles will be coming out of the closet.

Homosexuals are future child rapists!

Appears Yahoo runs this comment section as a popularity contest.  If too many people do not like one's comments, then those comments are hidden.  What a JOKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

if the perverts are allowed I hope the normal kids stay away

Yah, go school staff. Give the little f_gs a dose of their own medicine. The only good f_g is a de_d f_g.

Gay-in-Your-Face news from the Fruiter News department at Yahoo!.  "What are the fruiters up to RIGHT NOW?"

Why do homosexuals make up 65% of the HIV cases in America, yet only account for 1 to 3% of the population there?

That is not real hard to do, seeing that this is a sickness that God says is wrong.   It's kind of Gay to complain about being Gay!And it begins..........along with "legalizing" gay marriage, etc., will come massive lawsuits at all levels....

Yeah..... They didn't put up posters everywhere showing the primary way that homosexuals copulate.

I thought it was a Hate Crime to call a Homosexual Gay.

if there is a gay club in the schools my children are in i am suing the district for exposing my children to moral trepitude.

The ACLU can suck my nads

gays should face it there not welcome . so they want the court to tell every one you have to like them

I was under false impression that the purpose of schools is education, not the promotion of teenage sexuality of any kind...But then perhaps the kiddies and their enablers are simply into getting attention and wallowing in persecution complexes. I was going to suggest that they might try to set up a Bible club and then see how the authorities pounce on them. But no, they would be instantly and brutally silenced, with no chance for complaint, as neither the ACLU nor the liberal media would be even slightly interested...

Why dont think make an all out public gay/lesbian/transgender/freak-o-nature school and let them do what they want there and leave the rest of us alone.California is the most gay-friendly liberal state in the world and they're still complaining?

If you don't want to get picked on, then don't go around acting like some fruity poo poo poking butt pirate.

gay is a perversion and sin these people afflicted with it must work hard to overcomeIt is sad to see the grownups as bullies.

they have these clubs spring up everywhere; they are usually looking for guess what, mass funding, a lifetime contract.  they get your money or name &amp; it's non stop harassment, generally a bigger kid is normal for them to take over or meaner &amp; nastier claim the whole corner &amp; threaten half the city into compliance.

homosexual activist=a person who is obstinately or intolerantly devoted to his or her own opinions and prejudices; especially: one who regards or treats the members of a group with hatred and intolerance

GSA or LGBT,   One tenth of a percent% total population.

Usually I'm fairly liberal but not on this issue.  In the big cities, with few rules and more tolerance for outrageous behavior, letting a few students turn a prom into a clown circus probably wouldn't bother anyone but in small towns or a large town like Hesperia that still holds on to small town values, the kids want a regular prom without the trappings of a Palm Springs Gay Pride festival.

We need to fund a public Homosexual elementary, Jr. High, and High school, etc. This way, Homosexuals will be among their kind, no more discrimination, etc. Win win for all.

This once great nation is falling. Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord. We would be seeing peace and prosperity for the people, but now it will be war and poverty. Turned over to the depravity of their own minds

Yes, let's make everything about our sexual identity, please! Because that is the main thing in everyone's life is it not? Geez.

I'm surprised the crackpots for christ cultists haven't been out kidnapping gays and performing exorcisms on them yet.

They're homosexuals.  What do they expect?#$%$ in high school, what next middle school. Thanks Obama

"We want to be treated the same!  That's why we created a special club just for us!"

I see nothing wrong with thier request. If the school would simply treat them equal to all the other groups then they wouldn't get any press would they?

If homosexuality is indeed determined before you are born, then why are there cases of one identical twin being of a normal sexual orientation and the other being a sexual deviant?

Can't we just force all the gays onto a reservation in North Dakota?

Godamn Yahoo censoring comments, got to be kidding me. Is that the free america people once dreamed about? Where mostly haters and ignorant religious hillbillies can spew forth their nonsense, but decent useful comments get deleted?

Gays serve absolutely no purpose to society

I'm getting a little tired of the big mouths on today's young gay people. Remember this, you are still a minority in this world-not a majority. So stop telling everyone what to do!

Send the gay students to sandy hook and then they will cease to exist...

hey gays, there is nothing wrong with a dress code, get used to it, if you ever str8en up an get a job you will realize you cant wear whatever you want to work.Have scientist found the "gay" gene yet?  Wouldn't it be nice to test for this gene in a fetus?  I hope pro-choice liberals won't mind the anti-gay "birthing class" aborting this disease from humanity, once and for all.

My children graduated from this high school (07 &amp; 09).Funny how the kids all get along and are excepting of each other, and the adults are the ones creating the problems.

Stop crying over made up discrimination. You chose to associate with the lifestyle, so now you have to live with the choice. The ACLU is just looking for ways to get people money.

This is why we can't stand gay people.

send all #$%$ to another country

Good. They should be harrassed as the evil #$%$ that they are. What he hell is wrong with these publc schools having gay clubs anyway !!!!

So.......

#$%$ gays, just like the mexicans and blacks, always screaming discrimination or harassment every chance they get. Should have stayed in the closet instead of having their #$%$ kissed.

Hey #$%$S, If you don't want to be harrassed, don't go around talking and acting like #$%$!

It's Cali, what do you expect.  Losers trying to deal with losers.  Oh, and keep your loser ideas and activities in CA.  What a bunch of losers.A teacher should never harass a student regardless of the reason.

Just cancel it all and the Gays and the transponders, etc can celebrate in San Fransansicko

We will get Equal Rights Just like the Blacks did!  Gays are not sitting at the back of the Bus anymore! Get use to it Homophobe Coward Americans!

I'm sure sick of gays. They are sick, twisted perverts.

i think its time to start pushing back hard, till they go back in the closet.

No wonder why so many gay teens commit suicide. Just look at all of the extremely hateful and degrading comments directed towards homosexuals.

Gays are gender confused, if this gay puke wants to wear ladys shoes that tells me he wants to be a female

The fact that the school is even saying "GSA" is something that these kids should be extremely grateful for.  We have all come along way, and this sort of change does not come over night.  Make sure that the battles you pick, kids, are the really important ones.

Everyone's a victim.  Liberals ENCOURAGE that, because the base of their power is that YOU FEEL LIKE A VICTIM.  They'd have nothing to sell if you were not.

Sheesh!!  Homosexuality sure IS controversial!!It wasn't too many years when they just wanted us to stay out of their bedrooms and mind our own business, and we did.

4% to 8% of our country is gay and 75% is straight 12% are in the unknown margin. I am part of the 75% that wish you 4 to 8 percent would just shut up already. A boy that wants to wear heals to the prom let him, If he get's his butt kicked for being a jerk (nothing to do with being gay)  don't complain, he knew that might happen when he decided to do such a stupid thing so it was torting just to annoy the majority and draw attention to himself. That said, if this is how gays expect us to embrace gay marriage with boys in heals they got a long wait especially if that jerk wants children in the future. We use to say "your mother wears army boots" now thats a true statement and daddy wears high heals.....yikes

Ahhhh!   I can hear some very very very tiny violins playing for him.

So when do you think Sodom and Gomorrah part 2 will happen. Probably when eunuchs grow balls and stop guarding homosexuals bedrooms

"take that gay headband off." cry me a river lol bahahahahhaha what a big deal maybe you can make a million bucks of being offended by that.

Regarding the homophobics who use the bible as a shield to mask their ignorance and hate: You have to look at the context and the meaning behind the words. Levictus was all about putting things into categories and different categories did not mix. So, technically you break God's law if you wear clothes that are a blend of two different fibers. Divorce is also condemned in Levictus but we don't forbid people to divorce. Also, you should be condemned if you touch a woman in any way within 7 days of her period. What Levictus actually meant in "man shall not lie with man as he does with a woman" means a man should not treat a fellow man as his inferior as he would a woman, because treating a man as a woman is wrong. Back then, every woman belonged to some man, either her father or her husband. Having sex after the wedding to consummate the marriage was the man officially claiming ownership of his new woman. If you have sex with a virgin woman, then you have damaged another man's property. So, in essence, Levictus was property law, and your argument us invalid. Nowadays, the Bible is used selectively as a weapon, so unless you want to kill unmarried, non-virginal women, divorcees, and people who wear mixed fabrics, you can stop preaching.

Let people be gay, wear heels or tuxedos and go have a good time. if others don't like it, then don't look at it. I bet a lot of gays and lesbians don't like seeing heterosexual couples making out and slobbering all over each other or groping each other either. Gay guys probably don't want to see pregnant girls wearing clothes so tight it cuts off their circulation with their ta-ta's hanging out and lesbians don't wanna see guys groping all over those pregnant girls either. When is that gonna be banned to make the gay and lesbian community more comfortable?

I'm so sick of the gay agenda. Never should have let them out of the closet.

My wife's grand son came out of the closet, the attic, the basement, the utility room, the garage and a few cracks in his parent's home the other day.  He came to our home the other day after he came out and was made to sit on plastic, wear a mask, rubber gloves and was not allowed to use our bathrooms.  For some reason he hasn't been back for another visit.

You can have all the nonsense that goes on in schools today.  Education is about propaganda and social agendas.As the economy is failing... Homosexuals worried about feelings ... LOL

Change is inevitable...embrace it...those who don't stay angry and eventually, sadly, grow old and bitter.

Gay students accuse California high school staff of harassmentHillary Clinton Backs Gay MarriageGay family members: An easy out for politicians?TV journalist Anderson Cooper honored by gay mediaHesperia school accused of discrimination against gay, lesbian studentsGay marriage a dead issue to young conservativeMadonna calls on Boy Scouts to lift ban on gaysBoehner: 'I can't imagine' supporting a gay son's marriageGOP Senator Says He Has a Gay Son, and Backs Gay MarriageIn Mississippi, the Mysterious Murder of a Gay, Black Politician National Journal -Gay Republicans Find a Venue at CPAC ABC OTUS News -Bill Gates supports gays in Boyscouts"Couples in gay marriage case await a landmark ruling"yagay-   yet another gay article  yahoo

Thanks to the ACLU America is loosing its freedom of speech!

Well if they would just shut up about it then nobody would know...  These people are just whiners.

"Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for the school's upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels." And this is what they want to call normal?  No flippin way..  These things are freaks, nothing more..

You're wrong, marriage isn't just a word. It's a right. True there are pressing issues. However, this is about people having the freedom to live their lives as equals. Why should gays and lesbians protect your freedom by serving in the military when they aren't free themselves? Or even pay taxes to a country that doesn't recognize their legitimacy?

Gays go to hell and bigots go to heaven, say the Christians.

All of you that oppose all this "Gay" stuff, have no idea of what's really going on in the world unless you have an article to post a spiteful comment on.  If you would actually read the article, it's NOT a Gay club... It's the Gay Straight Alliance.  Meaning it is comprised of both Gay and Straight kids.  The GSA at my sisters High School was mostly comprised of Straight kids who were standing up for the Gay kids, as seems to be the case at most High Schools if you'd do a little research.  My sisters boyfriend was also in the GSA as well as being the son of a Minister, and his Mother is on the Board of Education.. Do The Math - You're hateful opinions are not the norm anymore....

I am not sure why using "GSA" is so horrible. I am sure fliers in schools use "LGBT" "PTA"  "USA"  and many other abbreviations. I think more than a few have too much time on their hands.whiney, pizzy little #$%$

Moral decay of our society...so many of our young people are being brought up without a Father and Mother household (meaning one man, one woman marriage) as ordained by God.Young folks are being taught this mindset.  Monkey see, monkey do mentality.

Well, isn't it the prescribed duty of educators to prepare students for the rest of their lives?  Get used to it, gaybo FREAKS!!!

I tolerate straights but will never approve of them.  They are the most ignorant ugly and mean people in the world.

This will never end...

Are all the people that put these articles on Yahoo gay?

What's wrong for guys wearing heels? Many of them already have long hair, wear ratings, put on makeup to cover blemishes,wear flowered clothing,use mousse and hairspray, wear shirts with frills,and wear jewelry.

What is special about wanting to wear a tux to a prom?

How does gays going to proms affect straights?

F*** a bunch of gays! I'm fed up with their constant whining.Looks like the LGBT mafia is pushing their agenda again, trying to push people's buttons, and be the freaks that they are...girls wearing tuxedos?  guys wearing heels?  yeah, that's "normal" for high schoolers...if there ever was a case for "separate but equal", this is it...they choose to live this lifestyle, they can live with the consequences...there should be an LGBT high-school for these misfits, so they can all be around each other all day long, and leave the "normal" high schoolers alone...

So their name is gay but a teacher can't say gay!  Would it be the same when a teacher says to a student "take that Christian tee shirt off".  Sickening!

ACLU is heterophobic!

"Students have complained that school officials failed to use the club's full name in announcements over the intercom, referring to it only as "GSA,""  So I suppose we'll no longer be allowed to call a PTA meeting.  What happens when these 'gay' students get in the military?  Will they demand that all acronyms cease to be used?

Ok...heres the thing. I am gay and been with my bf for 20 years. Here's the problem...everyone is tired of getting all this #$%$ shoved at them and told they have to accept it. In 20 years not one person has bothered my bf and I and you know why? Because we live our life, leave everyone alone, don't walk up and down the street with our flags and posters wearing obscene clothing, or lack of clothing. These loud mouth kueers make it worse for themselves, sorry to say that but it's true.Why the F would I want to wear panties? I'm no one to judge anyone else but grow the F up and at least try to act like a human being!I go to work everyday, missed 3 days in 11 years. Pay my bills. Enjoy my life but to be honest am getting pretty sick and tired of you flamers making yourselves look stupid.Ok.....bye!

I just think the homosexuals just like to be in the spot-light everywhere they can, and will say and do anything to be in public eye at all times.I hope my tax-money doesn't back this #$%$! or these jerks!

they think they have it bad...try being a christian today and having the american civil liberties come after you for practicing your rights...whats left of them...or a christian group in a school...talk about tormented and abused by teachers...ha..ha...ha...the worlds gone crazy folks...

sue this states askkkkkkkkk------they ask for it

GLSEN is the organization that handed out fisting kits to children in Massachusetts.Google Fist Gate 1 and 2.To find out what this group of sick perverts are about.

They have every right to be upset. The ACLU will hopefully sue them for all this school is worth. I hated when teachers at my school would treat me like #$%$ because my brother was horrible to them years before. I know what it feels like."take that gay headband off."merriam-webster dictionary : happily excited : merry &lt;in a gay mood&gt;. b : keenly alive and exuberant : having or inducing high spirits &lt;a bird's gay spring song&gt;. 2. a : bright, lively ...How about 'take that bright, lively headband off?'  That would be my take on it; nothing to see here, move on.

what are the terd packers complaining about now............

I am a 66 year old gay man . and I know 1st hand how some teachers are the worst bullies ...from a lifetime of having to put up with the most crude and hurtful words spoken to my face and behind my back .. the happiest day of my life was the day that I graduated and got to leave behind the bullies and torment of  high school and I am mainly speaking of the teachers ..  so I know this is  true . and I am glad the ACLU  is stepping up to  stop the harassment and bullying of these students .. and for all those who have and will post negative comments ..  I hope the child you depend on to take care of you in your old age is gay ..and as you lay on your dying bed the child you hurt most with your hate and homophobia is there to see that you end your life with some comfort and grace .. and every time you look at them you  have regrets for the sorry hurtful person you are   and the pain and suffering you caused the one you should have cherished loved and protected..no matter what my parents loved me  . and the good LORD knows on more then one occasion i was difficult to love

Also... It's funny to think at one point that the prospect of women wearing pants was unthinkable. Now I rarely see a woman in a skirt. A few decades from now, everyone will find something else to hate.

Those who partake in deviant sexual behavior are not a special class. Your immorality will never gain you respect ever no matter how many laws or legal actions you take.

Homosexuality is an illness.  Do we need a to fight for a society where we accept cross dressing?

Looks like the FRC minions are out in full force. Keep posting those hateful and degrading comments! Y'all are making the FRC look extremely "family friendly".

I feel uncomfortable around gays...Is that harassement?

One theory is that homosexual urges, when repressed out of shame or fear, can be expressed as homophobia. Freud famously called this process a reaction formation  the angry battle against the outward symbol of feelings that are inwardly being stifledIts a compelling theory  and now there is scientific reason to believe it. In this months issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, we and our fellow researchers provide empirical evidence that homophobia can result, at least in part, from the suppression of same-sex desire.

Sick ,you people will pay for this some day this is all we hear about these days. #$%$ they are sick people. Most of which are victims of homosexuals while growing up. Now they want to get into the Boy Scouts, more recruits I guess.Even more alarming is the shock parents wud get ifthey knew the # of Gays teaching SEX ED in the kidsclassrooms...So sadly out of control.....

Why don't the schools show a medical video of what deadly diseases are caused by 2 guys having butt sex like they do on people smoking and getting cancer?

men pretending to be women, women pretending to be menand we are to consider this as something real?

In Dallas there are loads of Gays and Nobody descriminates against thm Dallas is full of Arabs Indians Pakis Persians Jews Mexicans All sort of Europeans ex Chicagoans and New Yorkers. Its a great and Diverse Modern Cosmopolitan City but if one of the minority of bigots does "discriminate" against the Gays they dont complain. They know that its just annoying when they complain same goes for any sort of minority...playing the victim unless it is necessary and due to real provocation just dosnt earn you any sympathy.

Move to San Francisco!

hahahahahahaahahha!

If you have a need to force your ideals and opinions on others.... FIRST... you must accept the fact they ALL people have their own right to the same.  If you feel your sexual preference is what makes or breaks you as a person... you are very insecure. I have no problem with gays... but I have issue with anybody that needs to make their preference known to the world, every minute of every day. false  justification and forced tolerance will not help you....  stop asking for it...  If you want tolerance.... show some respect for people that don't think like you...  earn the respect.... don't demand it... THEN... you might get treated as equals by more.... A lot of the people thought " intolerant"....  are merely realists...with integrity.

That is so GAY!

SSA

Up the old poop shut.There's no way a taxpayers' money should be used to support gay rights in a school. Schools are not there to subsidize deviant behaviour.

If you're so sick of reading about gay people....why do you keep clicking on the articles and leaving comments? No one forced you to.

"Ugh, I'm so sick of reading about gays!"Hi, no one forced you to click on the article.

ACLU sucks!!!  This group should be on the terrorist list.  They are un-American as it comes.

Gays want extra special treatment. They want to be able to change whatever organization they claim they want to join to their own agenda. SCHOOL IS ABOUT EDUCATION, NOT ABOUT SEXUAL ORIENTATION! Get a grip and do some homework!

Waaaaaa!If you think that's bad, just wait until they get into the real world.Toughen up!

Schools have attacked Liberty for years and promote corrupt public unions.

No Christian would support the gay agenda.  There are many Sodomites who claim to be Christlike...but will not enter the gates of heaven because of their decision to advance an act clearly considered sinful in the Bible.  The fake believer will sway with the winds and worship false Gods by proclaiming that society has changed its values....and therefore God has too.   Please know that God does not nor has never changed his position on the subject of homosexuality...it is a sin, an abomination and against biblical law.  His word is the same today as it was yesterday.  His law does not bend or sway.  Good luck to you Sodomites and supporters of sin that claim God tolerates" such behavior...he does not.  He might love all people...but he does not love what all people are doing.Please, you supporters of the sodomite lifestyle...if you can show me a scripture where homosexuality is allowed by God...I will retract my statements.  If you cannot, I advise you keep your clouded and delusional thoughts to yourself as I am steadfast in my beliefs of Gods word...your arrows of insult and hatred bounce off of my shield of faith!   Amen.

oh lord love a duck just ban all clubs on campus and be done with this foolishness

AIDS!There seem to be only 2 issues you can get a clear majority of the american people to agree on:1. round up and expell the criminal immigrants2. gay is not ok

Awww poor babies no body like homosexuals ... Boo hoo

It amazes me the school district was kind enough to let such a depraved group exist.  They are being harassed and are unwelcome because such depravity should be harassed and unwelcome.  Our young people are so messed up because self-righteous liberal administrators have shunned God our creator and stripped moral and Judea-Christian principles from the curriculum.  When our schools return to incorporating God's word the Bible in our schools, His mighty hand of protection will be restored and our young people will be righteous and ambassadors of Christ once again.

school administration is doing the right thing.  Throw those lesbians and gays out of school

How about a Club for students with Confederate ancestors?  These kids are a minority in CA and take a lot of abuse from the brothas

Yahoo needs to rebranded itself as GaYhoo since it carries water for the gay community and never publishes dissenting viewpoints

Fire them all, get rid of those bigoted nuts!!!!

The most outspoken gay-bashers are that way because they are fighting their own homosexual urges so hard. That was discovered and has been verified by several scientific studies. Freud did an extensive study on this. Very interesting stuff.

If everyone does not bow to the homosexual agenda they are accused of harassment. Homosexuality is a choice, some people choose that life style and other do not.

White trash makes me vomitGSA = Golly Shutup Already

More people need to wake up and see that most gays are just as normal as the next guy---as long as the next guy is Jeffrey Dahmer or John Wayne Gacy

Dear mom, I decide that when I grow up I wanna be a Septic System Technician.

So what is the next big plan bigots have to stop gay marriage? Is it better than the one you had to just act stupid because that one hasn't gotten you very far?

got my pencil,got my notebook,got my vasciline,lololol,im ready for school!!!

The Boy Scout are being systematically harassed by Gaystapo activist thugs---maybe they should start suing the Gaystapo.

Our schools should be all about education and nothing else!They should eliminate all clubs and social activities until they get it right.Hey look....the rest of the world is laughing at all of this nonsense.

The boys want to wear heels.  ??????? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG! What have Liberals done to us???????? We are surely doomed my fellow Americans. Surely doomed.

Once again no matter how hard homosexuals and transexuals try to be normal, they are not. This is just fact, natural law, and common sense. And now our country has bent over backwards for them and educated the young to believe it is okay. What a mess we are in.

man you can tell that dude went without a father if he wanted to wear heels to a promThe boy scouts are suing homosexuals for harassment, intolerance, and bigotry.

Gays! They are becoming a real nuisance

#$%$ need to lighten up

Gay is a derogatory term.

High school, really. Oh, let me guess. They've endured years of humiliation.

This is a high school, not a college.  Their "happy" little club is simply that; a club.

I graduated HS in 1981 and none of this BS occurred back then. Gay this, gay that. We need to build bigger closets....

1.  It's not a sex club.  You can be gay and not be engaging in sex2.  Why is the school hosting hetrosexual mating rituals like Prom where couples are encourged by provideing cheaper ticket?  Simple solution, focus on education and not promoting the coupling of your students.

the gays that claim mistreatment, should take a trip to saudi, or iran, or pakistan or afganistan.

I actually know of a guy, who is gay, that is one of the biggest bullies I've ever met. AND last week, I actually met a #$%$" gay man. People don't know who they are anymore.What research organization do I send my money to so they can find the "gay" gene?  Start aborting this disease from the planet immediately.

You homosexual deviants want us, the American public, to allow you to normalize and institutionalize your behavior, and bear the economic and societal burdens associated with it and teach our children that it's ok even though it results in significant increases in the rates of HIV,  Hepititus, Ghonorea, Syphilis, Suicide, Drug Abuse, Alcoholism, Cancer, ETC... Uhhhhhhmmmmm............NO!

By giving wierdos the ok to be gay thier going to be sue happy,trying to change things that suit them I thank It should be just as legal to hate gays whenever theres an action theres also a reaction I hope the sickos keep that in mind.

Everyone get a Kleenex and cry because the school won't let some dude wear #$%$ heels to a prom . There's to much discrimination, let's all hold hands behind over. Wait Francis I didn't say go #$%$ that dude in the sht hole. Francis were crying for you.

Gays, don't get mad, get GAY!

mother natures population control

The most outspoken gay-bashers are that way because they are fighting their own homosexual urges so hard. That was discovered and has been verified by several scientific studies.

Ljb that can't do their homework. Because they keep misplacing their pencil and always having to use their partners

Why am I smelling #$%$

If they didn't act like a bunch of creepy pieces of #$%$, no one cares, HELL, it's thier parents that need to be harrassed and humiliated. Kids represent their parenting ways.This is a club based on sex --- in a high school!  Non-gay student are not forming clubs based on sex. The gay kids are expecting the other kid to "understand".  Maybe in 2050, but not in 2013, not yet. It doesn't matter what the philosophical truths are, what matters is the reaction of everyone around them --- right or wrong. All that is going to happen is the gay kids are going to invite trouble and physical violence.

That's the Pot calling the Kettle Black! They will be accepted at all costs! They will force you to accept their life style no matter what you say! Any means possible! Force, push, ridicule, threaten law suits but you will accept it and like it!!! sound familiar?

I didnt dislike gay/lesbians until lately when they became such a vengeful and entitled group.

who are those teen #$%$ going to blame when there burning in hell

Gay Americans have the same Rights as All Amercians.

Definition of a Liberal.."Someone waiting to be offended"

Of course, Californication.  San Francisco, no doubt.

These kids are being deceived by people who are in positions of trust. They are NOT "born" gay; nobody is, for there is no "gay gene"! Neither should anybody be harassed for any reason. But the truth must be told. A good definition of normal is "that which functions according to its design." The National Association for the Research and Therapy of Homosexuality will prove to be a treasure of information for anyone courage to hit their website at narthDOTcom Another good on is freetobemeDOTcom as well as dayofdialogueDOTcom

"Gay" students need a hob-nail boot up their swishing sissy backsides.

If the LGBT crowd wants to be accepted by "mainstream" America, it better stop acting like a bunch of morons. Much of how they act seems to be geared toward attracting attention, and not in a good way. A guy fighting for the "right" to wear heels? I respect someone that doesn't shove their views down my throat a lot more than someone that has a hissy fit when they can't wear a cod piece to a formal affair. And please, don't give me the "freedom of speech" garbage. Your right to behave like an idiot stops at my right not to be around you.just goes to show appeasement doesnt work, we move the line, they want moreits like the borg on star trek "this much and no more"i say no more!

All the people who don't like Civil Rights for Gay people, move to Saudi Arabia and live under their laws.  You will be much happier there.  The rest of us can live in peace.

Next they are going to force the children to learn what LGBTQI XYZ means and say the whole  name or be put up on harassment charges.

EWWWW!!!!!!!!!

This article is toooo gay to even read.

To the boy who wants to wear heels.  Put un cowboy boots with your tux that has a heel on it.  No problems there, then at your graduation, they will actually insist that you wear a gown.

it is insulting to comparing being black, a condition you can not change, with deviant sexual behavior which you chose to do.

being gay is a choice ,like being an addict , or a bank robber.sin is a choice no matter the form. so #$%$

Gays make me think of feces makes me want to puke unnatural freaks

We cannot allow gay people in public....what's next, happy people, or excited people...maybe even tolerant people...the tolerant agenda is to make everybody tolerant, we must guard against such things because they're clearly against the bible and other mythologies...The gay community is sick and tries to upset people the notion of a women in a tuxedo and a man in high heels is ludicrous and evidences the fact they are more interested in a freak show.

if you are offended by being called what you are, and if it offends you to realize NOT EVERYONE accepts your BAD CHOICES then perhaps you arent as gay as you think you are..people need to realize that just because a few think its the :cool: thing to hollar gay rights does not really mean ALL NORMAL people are going to accept this rediculousness

The rectum and the #$%$ was made for one purpose only.

For years the straights have had their own proms.  Proof...how many gay couples ever attended a prom or were welcomed to?

How many proms have gay couples ever been welcomed to attend?  Answer ....NONE

america now recognizes you people as #$%$ots.  what else do you want.  go back in the closet and leave us alone

Future generations will look back at all of you homophobic ilk in the same light we view racists today.

Why can't gays have their own prom?

Displaced insecure anger at gays is totally pathetic.  We get it, your Willie is tiny, you're an ugly woman, your impotent or you're a closet case.

Gays always have that "I'm a victim mentality"I'm suffering from gay- lesbian overload.  One cannot escape from gays,lesbians.  Everywhere I turn, they or their issues appear.  If one doesn't bow down and hail how great they are; how wonderful that there are so many coming out of the closet; how they should have no restrictions; how their theme song now is  "we shall overcome", then one is homophobic, biased, ignorant.  They appear to believe that only their ideas and agenda have any merit.  Quite frankly, I would not want to advertise to the world my methods of having sex.  Silly me.  I thought the sex act should be a private affair.  I guess I'm from another time and place,  and I'm glad.

What? Another pathetic homosexual story on Yahoo? Crocodile tears.........

That's the problem with the overemotionalism of the homosexual practicing community.  "Feelings" come and go....get over it....

What an ugly litigious society

Being liked isn't a Right.  Life is tough, get used to it.

ACLU = Angry Creepy Losers for the Ungodly

I am a gay woman! However, we in the gay community need to toughen up just a little. Please stop comparing the use of GAY in the same context as other "hate" words. And quit making every minor incident some sort of moment to grab some headlines. Stand strong and proud and show our "true colors" as those who show tolerance where we ask for it. Give respect where we want it. And, grant equality where we desire it!

Funny how people think homosexuality is progressive.  About as progressive as it was in Sodom and Gomorrah I guess.  If the bible was written by man.  I guess we can't ignore that written history.... Right ?

these spoiled brats want to force their perverted ways in the face of all the other kids. since when is being told you have to abide by a dress code considered harrassment.

I'm glad the heteros feel harassed by the gays now! It's about time they got a dose of their own medicine! Hey, be hetero all you want to, but quit parading your husband &amp; wife act and all your children around in public! Nobody wants to see how often your sex produced kids! It's disgusting!And this just adds to why ppl are gonna bash gays.  Keep putting up a stink about things.  And to the fella who wants to wear heels did you really think no one would make fun of you for that???  Seriously are you that stupid

And you people believed all they wanted was to get married lmfao@ lemmings and lgbt groups. The disease from within they are. The cancer of society.

Queerizm is unhealthy, ugly and dirty. So why would you want to encourage it by advertising it by it's full name? Can't they just use the word 'Filth'?

the school must have over half the student body gay let them hold their own prom...one guy wants to wear heels, and two or three girls want to wear tuxs...and the majority must go along with this bull.  let them hold their own prom...

awww .. the poor things.

Ah, the brainwashing of America is almost complete ... correct-think has almost taken over.

"Put all the gays in their own school!"Yeah, because that worked out fantastically during segregation.

Sue the #$%$ out of that school

"McMillen sued and won a $35,000 settlement." Well this apparently is the country we live in. Can't wait for the San Andreas Fault to break that side of my state into the ocean.

Not offending gays isn't really even being Politically correct considering gay marriage is against the law.If you're a boy then dress up as a boy, if you're a girl then dress up like a girl, it does not matter if you're gay. Schools have strict dress codes if you cannot follow it then go and find other schools where you are allowed to cross dress.

How did any school system even allow such a club to exist.  Why the hell can't the LGBT stay out of our laws, family values, education system, and further from adoption and raising children.  This infection/cancer needs to be cut out of the education system.  Take the "Civil Union" which covers your "CHOICE" of lifestyle (as ill minded as it is) along with your animal antics and skip along.

i wish they had a gay straight alliance when i was in high school.

More bullying and harassment from the homosexual lobby. Endorse me!

Guess what, fu|)gepackers, you ARE "unwelcome" so you can kindly escort yourselves and your frivolous lawsuits back to your little closets.

do they have to take a blood test? and who pays for it?

goodness gracious, this is what the world has come to in the end, gay and lesbian clubs in school ?? all morality are out the door it seems...glad Im not living in America..

The school wants to have a prom not a freak show

Public school sucks enough, please just get home schooled.

5-4 proposition 8 standsJesus died for your sins.

Duh, thats what usually happens when your out of the norm, get real peope. Lifes decisions always come with consequences!

It's interesting how so many homophobic ilk that keep posting on these articles seem *very* obsessed with gay people. Y'all talk/think about homosexual intercourse than most gay people! That can't be normal.

You would think that the Family Research Council (an anti-gay hate group) would want smarter/friendlier people representing their "family friendly" organization. Keep it up FRC members! You're doing a fantastic job at showing everyone how hateful your group is!

This is such a load of #$%$.Im against gay marriage and being gay in general but im to the point where ill be glad they get what they want so they'll shut up and stay outta of the media

Pretty sure the Media is the Anti-Christ -Fact -they make what is wrong - rightfact - they have tricked millions of peoplefact - it performs miracles by making the Kardashians famous

For the record I have nothing against Gay Americans, for they are Americans and deserve the same freedom that all Americans are born with. HOWEVER, as free Americans seeking equality you to now are free game for teasing and bullying, it sucks but your a target now. Get use to it

burn down the school!!!

how are you suppose to refer to a gay??  you can't call them #$%$otts, rent a hall somewhere and hold the prom there and state no gays or lesbians allowed. It would be a private thing than.

...Boo Hoo..!I remember my senior prom in 1968.  We allowed any guy who felt like it to show up in heels.  What happened after that was just an accident.

A lot of really nasty bigots saying incredibly nasty things.  Of course, they always say they represent God.  Jesus would run from you bigots.

Proms are all about girls picking out a  new pretty dress and guys not gays dressed in  tuxedos.If you butt fookers and carpet munchers want to act like a prom is some kind of freak show - gay parade,then have your own private one, no one is stopping you.

The que@rs obviously have mental problems, acting like that and all. We really need to put a stop to this behavior.

Why can't we just all get along? What will happen if/when aliens come to our planet, and interact with humans on a friendly/social basis. Will we have a new group of beings to bully, hate, harass, make fun of etc? Food for thought!

Yes I've known some nice ones to. But these, You better accept my way if you don't, I'm going to shove it up your sht hole.  Are so full of sht

Just if your Gay  Truth matters

The next big disease that will kill millions of people, and thousand of innocent gerbils being forced into pv pipes, will again come from the #$%$ holes of gay guys.

Well guess they just need to post a dress code for their students to follow.

The most outspoken gay-bashers are that way because they are fighting their own homosexual urges so hard. That was discovered and has been verified by several scientific studies.got news for you kids...you're not welcomed....

same sex gay relationships are in the end role playing versions of the real thing.

What has this country come to...a nation of #$%$

Hetersexuals have ruled this planet for 10,000 years, and have gone to extreme lengths to rid the planet of those who are not straight, like the religious inquisitions, nazi holocaust, the pigs raiding private gay bars during the 50's when there were actual laws against being gay in the USA, and 3rd world countries today that continue to murder gays. Now that we finely have a foothold to being able to enjoy some of the freedoms that straights do, the homophobes are still trying their most to destroy our legal rights.

Get over it Gays, only two percent of the population gives a sht. What about the other 98% aren't they allowed their rights to

football star breaks heel at prom . news at 11:00 ... ha ha

Just seems kinda  funny how anything a straight couple does is a violation of their rights

Gotta admit, they still aren't anywhere near as bad as the blacks.  If we are going to hate let's direct it at the right people.

If you want to be a cross dressing freak of nature, keep that sh||it at home, it has no place in a learning environment. But public schools aren't about learning anymore, are they.

How about telling the q||ueers to quit harassing the school system and sue their a||ss to force them to stop. Any dude that wants to show up at school in heels needs his a||ss kicked.If you baggers would stop clicking on every gay article and then posting over and over and over, Yahoo would stop posting so many gay articles.  You bigots are even dumber than your dumbasz posts.

So the #$%$ what your a #$%$ leprechaun. quit the #$%$ whining and let the Country deal with the real problems

BUT  If  Christian  Students  wanted to wear   T-Shirts with  Bible  Verses  on  them or "I LOVE GOD",  that  wouldn't  be Allowed, an  they  wonder  why  most people  hate  them

Don't you know they want to liberate all us closet-cases? &lt;pukes&gt;

gays want want a cross dressing freak show at the prom.these creatres make me sick.

How fast can your conscience define decent? Would you want it done to you ? OK what about your daughter ? Thats fast AY ? Some times it takes a heart to convince the mind to do what the flesh doesent want you to do. Make wise choices

Change administrations if these people aren't going to do what they are paid to do. There are so many people out of work, I am sure that they will be able to find replacements who will be appreciative in having a job, and operate on the premise "to live, and let live." Interesting how people are although - the streets are filled will homeless people and so many who are down and out, who will ask for a dime from these same people and others who have the same attitude towards the gay population, and often the reply is something silly as "get a job" or "I ain't giving you nothing;" however, they somehow feel that it is appropriate and justifiable to stick their noses in people business and render unsolicited garbage that they would call advice or opinions. Well opinions are like a gluteus maximus - everyone has one. People can be a "funny thing!" They somehow believe that living a gay life is a sin, and according to Gods word it is; yet, these are some of the same people who commit adultery, fornication, lie, steal, judge others, bare false witness against someone - well I think you get my point, they cant see their own sins; these things will carry one right into hell; and there was a time in this country, it was fashionable to say that these things were against God's will; today, they've become standards that people seem to be comfortable in living. Nevertheless, unrighteous and unholy still demands an answer regardless. I believe that as long as people have enough information in every direction of their lives about what God expects from each of us, then it must be left to individuals freewill (which God has given to all of us) to execute our lives; as long as it doesn't infringe upon anyone else freewill. In the end, God will be the judge of any and ALL rights and wrongs. By the way, unkindness, cruelty, and hatred are sins also. If people would read the Bible, then they would know that God is love: Jeremiah 31:3 The Lord has appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved you with an Everlasting love: therefore with loving kindness have I drawn you. You will never reach someone with bitterness. I am a Pentecostal which is the most fundamental faith you will find (I am more fundamental than what the modern Pentecostal Church has evolved into) and I find it appalling at times with the rhetoric they use that is directed to the gay population in particular. I remember that there was a time that it was a sin to engage in second marriages when there is a living spouse. Today, it is either not spoken of, or completely overlooked; the reason is that so many leadership and laity are in these situations. Man doesnt have the authority to override Gods will however. I believe that is why we must cleanse our own houses, before trying to clean others. If we did, we would always find remnants of dust in our own closets. Lord God, I wish people develop the spirit of kindness in the truest meaning of the word, and just not render lip service.

When people give in to violent and agressive passions it disrupts and divides society. IS money be-hind it all?What some have in mind for public schools is to warped to mention, CHECK it out. MASSRESISTANCE ORG And if U dont do something today what will tomorrow be like ?

She loves you long time at______(((_____bubida_____))))

Stupid #$%$! Shut up and get back in the closet!LMAO! I wish my kid would try some s(h)it like this!!!

If you think that the United States is so bad, take your sorry #$%$ over to the Middle East.  pick a country, any country and tell me what would happen to you if you spoke out.

Why do some people intentionally act odd, then get upset when people stare at them?  People will look and laugh at a guy in heels and dress -- whether he is gay or straight; that does NOT mean they're homophobic, or closet homosexuals.   Really.

This is School, not a social club, School is for learning.

Why is it that gays n lesbos ALWAYS have some sort of issue? Dramatic #$%$....

JUST SICK GET THEM TEACHERS !!!!!!!!!

ACLU (American criminal liberty union) provides legal support to those who is looking to destroy America, exclusively, including islamofascist organizations and other similar anti-American groups.

...they are not "gay"....they are a communist group aking a calculated move into the Board Rooms of that Township.....they need to get into the boardrooms to continue overunning our borders of "Freedom".......thats where the key decisions are made...and the accountable are vulnerable to threat....

there shouldnt be that kind of club in school

Very interesting...lots of insecure men here.Wouldn't they be better off in a private gay school as they are a low percentage of the population they could do it in a much smaller building.  Then they could have their gay sports and other gay school activities.  They could have as many majorettes and pom-pom persons as they would need, cheering on their favorites in the unisex wrestling team.

when you get down to it maybe 9% of the population, the leftist professors, and lawyers, the media, shove their anti american immoral agenda upon the american people because they control the undemocratic court. No court should be allowed to overrule the people or its representatives

What about Hamster rights?

Ya'll better shut the #$%$ up or I'm getting a lawyer for harassing me. lol

For years i didn't care, now i hate them.

EIN VOLK, EIN REICH, EIN FUHRER!

Now who is harassing who?

All it takes is for good people to do nothing.  Show love to others, but don't condone a sinful lifestyle.

I hope the school sticks with their moral values for the kids sake.

These gays are nothing but an infestation.If people think gays will ever be happy, guess again, they will always want more and do all they can to be special

I really don't care if people are gay .Does anyone  know why gay men have that accent ?I just don't understand  the sissy  sounding  voice .

lesobos want to dress like men at this prom and the gay guys want to wear ladys shoes, and these fools think their normal

oh no, the school didn't use the clubs full name! this is an outrage! those poor gay boys and lesbian girls! the school district should build that gays their own school so they can abuse themselves silly! Must be great to be gay in the USA. You get all the attention because mommy and daddy clearly deprive you

The schools should have made them unwelcome.  Perverts should not be welcome at school.  We have a responsibility to keep them away from our children.

Stand up for your rights kids, but don't open yourselves to ridicule. Demand to be allowed to attend the prom with your same sex date, but don't make a fool of yourself by cross dressing. The "militant in your face" attitude and display of your sexuality is what turns the main stream and straight culture against gay's.

Gay is the disease... and AIDS is the cure........................

when will people learn, both gay and straight, I don't want to be informed of what you are doing with your weenie.

why the #$%$ does it matter where this happened at. All #$%$ homosexuals are is a bunch of sht hole whiners

Well how do you think they came up with the idea for the Ferengi on Star Trek. They seen a homosexual whining saying they were being harassedWhat do LESBIANS and GAYS have in common with BISEXUALS and TRANSGENDER people?   Answer:  Absolutely Nothing....   LGBT is a Political Agenda movement that has bunched together a variety of different people of Different Sexual Orientation (and in the case of Transgender - a Genetic Mutation), and is trying to force America and the rest of the world to believe and accept them as a homogenous "ETHNIC GROUP" .  Sexual Orientation is not even an inborn Identity, and has changed frequently for many individuals...   Yet as far as LGBT is concerned it is a Permanent State.

It almost seems like, there's some evil creatures going about seeking whom they may devour.That nest on our ears, feeding off our emotions GOSSIP SLANDER FAULTFINDING.

Well I'm Glad I grew up in the 80's. The teachers were hard on us, but we knew that they were just getting us ready to be adults. Something these Fruit Loops haven't learn yet. They want to be like NK and throw a #$%$ temper and threaten to sue

He wants to wear heels to the prom lord please tell me this is a bad joke

Keep your FAIRY butts at home then!!!

well at least they weren't segregated and poisoned gas-ed?

It is homosexual not gay/happy. Homosexuals did not like the sound of the word so to remove the abomination sound the word gay was adopted.  They do not like to be called homosexual and that should tell them it is vile and full of filth. Homosexuality will never reproduce itself it can only spread like a diseased virus.

Here we go again. A gay group that's going to sue another school. Whether or not the staff did what it's being accused of, the liberal media will jump on this with both feet and make it seem news worthy. That's the problem with the society we live in. That's all you have to do is throw out some BS accusation and true or not you've got these socailist groups like the ACLU, NAACP, contorting the facts and doing what they do to get the media to shove the gay agenda down everyone's throat. I for one am tired of hearing about it.

well how would you lke to be dancng wth your prom date and lo and behold who comes dancng past you to guys holding each other very close dancing cheek  to cheek

It's not the manhood  them fruit loops would be checking out on a man. It's the man hole for themhey this s amerca and the majorty of the students are not gay so they have the rght to resent #$%$ to damn bad about you sickos

How #$%$ that gay people would think they were not accepted or were being discriminated against.  Reality is reality.  Homosexuals are not widely accepted and are discriminated against?  Oh, that's bad.  So fairy, fairy bad.  Like anyone but homosexual people ans the liberals at the ACLU really care.

whats wrong with that

Calling a headband gay is hardly harassment

This is what happens when you treat children as adults. children have no rights, they have no say, they are minors. there are no parents becaused they failed and they left it up to a gay club to raise them. and you wonder why CALIFORINA is broke.

Dear mom, I decide that when I grow up I wanna be a Septic System Technician.

Time for all those bigots still lurking in the shadows to come out into the light and feel the warmth of the day, .... or, at least, the back of my hand !There is no place left for bigotry in America, today.  The LGBT community will have its day in court this month.  Bigots will have to change their ways, their ideas, their public expressions, or face censure, opprobrium and ostracism.  You know, the kinds of things they used to subject us to !What's good for the goose .....

let's just all go roll araound in excriment then we can all come together for a big ole group hug, then later we can rub excriment all over our kids and tell them it's normal.

as long as the gays are harassin' it's ok but soon as they're harassed it's not ok.

I recall as a high school student (50 years ago) getting into a fight to protect an effeminate classmate from being bullied.  That was long enough ago that I - we - never thought about him being homosexual.  But on reflection, he probably was homosexual.  Who cared?  He was a good kid, so I looked out for him.But now, tired of all the special considerations homosexual persons seem to want (like boys wearing girls' shoes or girls wearing tuxes), I'd have walked away and let that boy get bullied.Somewhere, it needs to stop being about "rights" and more about cooperation.  Respect should go both ways.Homosexuality is a mental disease.

You people on here have sooo many hang ups. It's so sad to see how ignorant and small minded you are. You must be so unhappy in your life.

We are living in a sick world!  I don't blame the teachers one bit.  Relieved to hear there is still someone in CA willing to stand up to the gay mafia!

Being uncomfortable with and discriminating against are two very different things!

I think I send my children to a Russian school considering they don't have boys dressing up as girls and forcing everyone to accept them in the girls washroom.

These gays are getting a little greedy now. If it was a straight person wearing a headband when they were not supposed to be wearing one and they were told to take it off, would there even be talk of suing the school? These gay rights activists don't know how lucky they are to have the amount of freedom they have in this country. Many other places in the world burn and beat homosexuals publicly in the streets and they are wining about a being supposedly "harassed"?

i cant believe cali banned gay marriage, isnt that where the idea came from?

Another "gay" yahoo story. All gay people seem to do is scrutinize the smallest things and whine the loudest. I honestly am sick of them and having one more thing I am not allowed to have a choice on even though we live in a free country. They have it made and they need to stop pouting they will never have it their way completely Sound like a bunch of little kids.

Seems there are a lot of folks here who aren't so secure in their OWN sexuality.

This is just more of the same old "media" pushing Gay marriage BS!  The majority of Americans are getting "fed up" with this immoral and perverted homosexual lifestyle "garbage promoting by a "small handful" of liberal Democratic political "hacks". The more that the gays cry out: DISCRIMNATION-, the more sympathy they (think) they are going to get. Well---"its not going to happen!! The vast majority of Americans aren't "buying into" their "sin-sickning" perversion, and "no amount" of laws that are passed will EVER be accepted!!How's that Four Seasons song goes?  Oh yeah! Walk like a man, talk like a man.   I'm glad my son likes women and he's not a "cigar smoker", I'm glad my daughter likes men and she's not a "rug muncher".

That must' ve been some serious bullying to make it this far, Or they couldn't take it, On schools and any other grounds anti gay language is used but not to depic a type of segregation but to use it as regular words, Some people just take it seriously. It's not a matter of study or natural that is judged on any besides heterosexual, but is the logic and the common sense of the choosing, Simply same sex you can see it, map it out, make a blueprint, it just doesn't belong and make sense, There is nothing left to do but to leave them alone, Bullying doesn't go anywhere.

Don't mind Francis he's such a heterophobe

I wonder Why?

what about stop the #$%$-talks" to avoid offending anyone,straight or gay?

gays and the news of gays and govt' that was against the gays and the gay movement.but now needs the gay vote.so now they like the gays. hopin to get there vote.Is harassment to me.so if they can sue so can we

Wow! I followed all the rules from YH and didn't get posted. I must have still done something wrong.  I was Nice!

Contrary to what the liberal media will tell you fact is they are not accepted with open arms every where they go.  Although dont ask dont tell was lifted gays are not accepted in the military to date.  In fact, if they are found out in the enlisted ranks they chapter them out of the due to unsuitability or failure to adapt, or misconduct.  Not once will the NCO mention "gay or homosexual" the NCO mafia is alive and well.

blacks have been harrassed for centuries....but we were born that way,  so gays..SUCK IT UP!!

Sounds to me that instead of sounding hip the teacher showed that he/she is out of touch with the current slang used by the students.Gay used to mean happy, then it meant homosexual, then it meant stupid, and now it's just plain derogatory depending on who uses it.Sounds to me that instead of sounding hip the teacher showed that he/she is out of touch with the current slang used by the students.Gay used to mean happy, then it meant homosexual, then it meant stupid, and now it's just plain derogatory depending on who uses it.

Sounds to me that instead of sounding hip the teacher showed that he/she is out of touch with the current slang used by the students.Gay used to mean happy, then it meant homosexual, then it meant stupid, and now it's just plain derogatory depending on who uses it.

Don't Forget, "RISE" shaving Cream, Buy some today.

in the end same sex relationships are role playing relationships as one partner as to assume the role of the opposite sex.

If a conservative doesnt like guns, he doesn't buy one.If a liberal doesn't like guns, he wants all guns outlawed.If a conservative is a vegetarian, he doesn't eat meat.If a liberal is a vegetarian, he wants all meat products banned for everyone.If a conservative sees a foreign threat, he thinks about how to defeat his enemy.If a liberal sees a foreign threat wonders how to surrender gracefully and still look good.If a conservative is homosexual, he quietly leads his life.If a liberal is homosexual, he demands legislated respect.If a person of color is conservative, they see themselves as independently accountable.If a person of color is liberal, they see themselves as victims in need of government protection.If a conservative is down-and-out, he thinks about how to better his situation.If a liberal is down-and-out, he wonders who is going to take care of him.If a conservative doesnt like a talk show host, he switches channels.If a liberal doesnt like a talk show host, he demands that the show be shut down.If a conservative is a non-believer, he doesnt go to church.If a liberal is a non-believer, he wants any mention of God and religion silenced. (Unless its a foreign religion, of course!)If a conservative decides he needs healthcare, he goes about shopping for it, or may choose a job that provides it.If a liberal decides he needs healthcare, he demands that the rest of us pay for his.If a conservative slips and falls in a store, he gets up, laughs and is embarrassed.If a liberal slips and falls in a store, he grabs his neck, moans like he's in labor and then sues.If a conservative reads this, he'll show it to his friends and have a good laugh.If a liberal reads this, he'll give it a "thumbs down"  because he's "offended".

just shoot the F....ggots. Once we start taking them out of the equation the sooner the problem will disappear.  Maybe we should get them all in a small area and send in the drones. So damn tired of hearing queer stories everyday. Seems like the news has nothing better to talk about. And if you try to push your immoral behavior in my face your liable to find my shot gun up your ass

Our gay grandson is made to sit on plastic and wear a mask and gloves when he comes to visit.  He's only been here 1 time and we are wondering why.

Watch how fast the administrators cave to these gays, just because they do not want to appear to go against the latest fad.

Did my long winded post get posted? I can't find it

yahoo you should start being a little more equal in your stories....If you haven't noticed a strong following of non-liberals...I'm guessing you have chased lots of readers by now.Gay - a perversion ignited and brought into this world by western culture

BLATANT CENSORSHIP!

Who would want to see that #$%$ , I don't want to see two people of the same sex dancing or doing anythig else. What is this country coming to!!!

BLATANT CENSORSHIP!

how about a system or laws that treat any use of anti-gay speech the same way that walking around with a banner or a t-shirt in high school saying I hate nggrs or something? I see both as the same.

I worked for two weeks as a busboy in an all-male-gay-personnel hotel rerstaurant. After I declined to participate in their daily "banquets" upstairs they stopped sharing their tips with me and I had to do all the work while gay busboys sunbathed outside all day, smoking. How do civil liberties groups feel about it?

Men cannot be women and women cannot be men. Grab a brain.

Kids need to stay in the closet till their adults.  That's the price you pay!!

Human rights activists around the world must be real proud of this story. While they deal with starvation, rape, murder ect.. We here in America are fighting a dress code.

someone please explain why there is a gay lesbian club in that school, or any school. the gay and lesbians etc have gotten their way and are now considered equal to everyone else so again WHY do they have their very own club or organization in a school.  they should be pointed out and harassed since they are trying to be different from everyone else. wat makes them any different than anyone else?Whats that old saying , "the squeeky Qu33r gets the grease" GO AWAY !!

How about a club for heterosexual men who want to become hair stylists, fashion designers, and interior decorators.  Gay men hog all the jobs in these industries amd heterosexual keen need affirmative action

How did she win $35,000 just for prom being canceled? That's like a year's tuition of college. #$%$.

This is just... *sigh*  Enough already.  Be gay, be straight, be an elf, be green for all you want and all I care, but if you don't want me shoving my Christian values down your throat and in your face then have the same respect and don't shove yours in mine.  You say you want to be treated equal, fine, then stop acting like you want to be treated special.  You're not and yet you at least get to have a group.  Does your school have a 'straight white kids' group?  No you say?  That's discriminatory you say?  Huh.  Guess you want to talk about that two-way street but don't really want to walk it do you?

This whole Gay issue is sick and a mockery to the existence of mankind.Satan laughs at us mortals how we fight over such a stupid issue, even an issue that is a great abomination before God.... it should have ended there like "Thou shalt not kill"    Why do we tolerate this sick, discusting behavior that only Satan himself temps the children of men with.

AIDS = Problem Solved....

guys where are our women on this..think about it ? silence from you..the one thing you believe in as sacred and personal is being dismantled.What it.looks like is the male is under attack

This is absolutely unacceptable.. teachers can be as biased and hateful as they want  but when they walk through the doors of a public government funded school.. their social opinions become irrelevant.

not good people..not good..not good..something bad is going to happen this has got to slow downits too much too fast on everyone involved...

HhFREE SANDUSKY- he made the same exact choice these fruits make. AGE discrimination is wrong

Wow

This is getting tiresome.

This will be the new GLAAD logo.

BRAVO ACLU!  Gay Students have LEGAL Rights and the schools need to comply.  You allow ONE club in, you have to allow them all.  I support the Gay/Straight Alliance!

How gay

i always hoped what i read about the fall of this country would change or not be in my life time but behold it is suddenly upon the nation as drunken and blind snakes...

My husband and I donate 25% of our tithes between the Family Research Center, Focus on The Family, and The American Family Association. I am going to give them an extra $2,000 to the FRC today, simply because if you guys hate them this much, they must be doing something really great for America.

This is not Los Angeles. This is Hesperia, Nearly 80 miles and without a doubt a world away. If the kids were Gay and meth cooks, the administration would let this one slide.

I am a mortal enemy of those FRUITS, I urinate on their legsObviously we need to change the voting system ,every one can vote according to the constitution but any one with a 40 or less only gets a half a vote. That should get those gay liberal dems less than 5% of the vote..

Private school or home school seems to be the future of education.

This will created an uproar, once the gay  pukes finds someone who knows how to read,and is willing to read these news to them.

Q Did you hear about the gay diklikn electrician?A. He went around BLOWING fuses.

LMFAO poor babies those gay terds

I am so sick of our society cramming the gay agenda down our throats! Keep your agenda behind closed doors and out of the public eye!

wow! arent the teachers supposed to lead by example? i dont think acting like little middle schoolers who use the word "gay" in a negative way for whatever they dislike is a good way of going about it! i'll bet 100 bucks those teachers christians who's god "loves everybody" yet condemns gays. HAHA! ppl are so hypocritical i tell ya!

Now it not acceptable to useteh word USA---shhhhhh! It is the United States of America. Oh, I am offended now when people use acronyms!!! Yes, not GSA, not USA, not PTA, please use the full name. Give me a break.

Predatory special interest group

schools need study halls,carpet licking hall#$%$ hall so all wont feel left out of there special rooms....i will now support republicans.you got my vote asap!!! was a conservative but now a believer that something is wrong with democrates.dang!!!

My dog was gay ,so I shot it as I dont like those GAY DOGS,.

No Gay marriage,No gay unions ,give them a stick up the YING YANG.

One or few more there make difference?

It's interesting how so many homophobic ilk that keep posting on these articles seem *very* obsessed with gay people. That can't be normal.

I don't understand why everyone here thinks it is okay for adults to demean children.  What are they teaching the other students?  Everyone should mind their own business when it comes to sexuality.  Who gives a #$%$ if some kid wants to wear heels.  We had students crossdress on our public access show made in the high school in the 90s and no one cared.

When I was in the third grade I thought that I was gay'Cause I could draw, my uncle was, and I kept my room straightI told my mom tears rushing down my faceShe's like "Ben you've loved girls since before pre-k tripping, "Yeah, I guess she had a point, didn't she?Bunch of stereotypes all in my head.I remember doing the math like, "Yeah, I'm good at little league"A preconceived idea of what it all meantFor those that liked the same sexHad the characteristicsThe right wing conservatives think it's a decisionAnd you can be cured with some treatment and religionMan-made rewiring of a predispositionPlaying God, aw nah here we goAmerica the brave still fears what we don't knowAnd God loves all his children, is somehow forgottenBut we paraphrase a book written thirty-five-hundred years ago

The problem is they need to flaunt their sickness and might start feces pushing in front of everyone.  Faq pride you know.

Maybe these gay and lesbian individuals already feel embaressed about being gay.  Why do we need to make it a freak show all the time because they don't like what we are doing?   Maybe , just maybe they feel bad about themselves and just acuse others for not welcoming them with open arms.  I'm straight and damn proud of it.  I don't have to go around screaming for special rights and letting people know that I'm straight.  Get over yourself people.  I don't have to accept the mean person down the street.  I don't have to accept the drugger down the street and I surely don't have to accept the gay person down the street.  I prefer to hang out with people my own age, values, etc.  I have the right to choose who I want to be with.  Instead of trying to make a political arguement with everything, just lead your life.

It seems that once a group defines themselves as a "minority" they always end up seeking money.  I agree with the previous poster who said that white heterosexual men are more truly discriminated against than any other group today.  And white heterosexual women and mothers are the most ignored and undervalued.  I actually agree that the kids should dress as they would like, but, in reality, no law can force people to like or accept them.  They have to work that out themselves by being good, productive members of society. Filing lawsuits and screaming that they are being harassed is not the way to do that, IMO.We need to elevate these feces pushers.  Treatment would be out of the question.

Wait I thought we were not allowed to use Gay. That's what all these commercials keep saying. The GLBT would probably sue if they said gay and it didn't sound the way the wanted it.

Another attempt to  try  and  force  morally responsible  society to accept and accommodate  the sexual fetish's  of deviate  immoral   people.

We can tell you both of us had some terrible experiences with Administators and Teachers.This has gone on for years and needs to stop!

A man and women make good partners. Thats the was it should always be and its just natural. Man and man or woman and woman its not natural.

why don't we buil a gay and lisbian school just for them so no more discrimination. they can say and do anything they want.

the   school  is   very  racey

HOMOSEXUALS ARE MENTALLY SICK!!!

Schools should protect their students from perverts.

What a spoil GENERATIONS in that school. Very sorry for that society.They were probably acting all fruity with their fake gay voices trying to recruit new members.  Yes , we know thats not ur real voices poeple.

They won't stop until more heterosexuals start speaking out against this. This is BULLS--T!! It isn't NORMAL and they are NOT going to FORCE me to accept that DEVIANT lifestyle! Women in Tux and a man in heels? DO THAT IN YOUR OWN GAY WORLD!!

Im accusing those gay students of being gay! Were supposed to be mindful of their feelings but they get to stomp on ours? Maybe their gag reflex has been eroded away, but mine hasnt. I feel ill seeing two of the same gender kissing each other.... im not even religious. its as if somehow i know on a genetic level that thats not supposed to happen at my prom.

stop being gay! problem silved

We all instictively seek the Blessings of our Creator- you 'member, the Creator that created all men equal? Gave us all rights no one can deny? Yeah, that Creator! What's Right(s) in Gods eyes is Truth and Just. What's right in the eyes of man is tyranny- my way, not the Lords way. Guv'mts of men must first pervert what God created- in order that it may be pleasing in their own eyes (gay marriage, not Gods marriage). bloomberg may say "follow me boys, and i will give you gay marriage". But bloombergs blessing is not the same, or just as good as Gods Blessing. It is only false hope from a false god (government). Liberalism is easy- simply indulge yourself in every "feel-good". Being worthy of Gods Blessing and His Rights granted therin takes a bit more than that. I myself fail most days... That's likely my fault!

I don't think that's harrassment at all.  They don't want cross-dressing at their prom?  That's not harassment - I think they're trying to protect these young kids from being harassed.  Is this a 'recognized' student group?  I sure couldn't expect to put up posters of my kids' self-proclaimed after-school club at their school, so why should this group expect different treatment?  This whole thing is so backward!!

Seems there are a lot of folks here who aren't so secure in their OWN sexuality.

Once cannot discriminate another in terms of race because the race and ethnicity of a person is sacred , one cannot violate it. Sex is sacred too, one cannot violate his or her sexual orientation ,by others or by themselves. That is why Christians does not accept homosexuality. Homosexuality is not a matter of civil right. Its a matter of one's disposition, and if you want to violate your sacred sexuality for some lust or immediate pleasure go ahead, just don't expect others to comply with you.

When my brother gets kicked out his home as a child for being attracted to females or when my coworkers have to hide the pictures of their wives and children in fear of being fired THEN i will stop "whining and complaining" about equality rights.

Is anyone else sick to death of all of these changes we have to make to accomodate the "preferred" lifestyles of homosexuals??  We have to accept boys dressing in drag, and girls dressing as men to school functions?? Its seems it is more difficult to be accepted in todays society if you are a straight, God-loving, hardworking, tax-paying, individual.Like it or not, there are rules. Not being allowed to wear heels is not an infringement on your "rights". Being gay doesn't mean you have to wear certain clothes. Sexual orientation is not identified with clothing, otherwise these gay men who are "born" that way would be born in high heels (according to their argument). These kids are choosing to try and start a fire. Then when they get their #$%$ kicked they'll be suing the school. They just want to force their views on society and force society to accept them. This is just another waste of resources, time, and public funds. More and more it's appearing that the majority of homosexuals in this country are a bunch or greedy pricks who just want attention and think of nothing but themselves. With all the #$%$ this country is going through right now, we have bigger fish we could be frying. These kids say their rights are being infringed upon, pssh, meanwhile in North Korea some woman is being shot because she told her husband that maybe life would be better in South Korea.... How the Hell is a group that's less than a percent of the population have so much power to force the majority to accept them? They have just as much rights as Neo #$%$, but you don't hear schools letting them wear SS shirts. Society has rules for a reason. Geeze, if anything left-handed people are openly discriminated against in this country, but you don't hear them complain. They accept they are the minority and push forward. Try finding a left-handed oriented manual car that you don't have to pay 5x more than a normal car for......

ACLU has another acronym, however this being a family format, I will resist the temptationto disclose same, needless to say, it is not very nice- however neither is the ACLU!Everything they support is against normal human dignity, decency, but in favor of trash,filfth, and organizations that promote moral decay and human filfth!  They represent theworst efforts to raise our children properly---- They are truthfull an organization thatrepresents the WORST ASPECTS

The ACLU, little more than a hate group, has done more harm to America than just about any group of people. May they burn in hell.

You call calling a club's name by its acronym "harassment"?   What do you call those of us who have to hear you talk about your #$%$ at the office and in the classroom????!  We should all sue the gays and lesbians for harassment!  I want to sue Anderson Cooper and CNN for harassing my children with #$%$ talk all the time, which is against our beliefs!

s-i-s-s-y

Enough of the gay and hollywood articles - give us some real news.

I am horrified at the comments - But I suppose that's why yahoo news posted this story online - to get hits from bigots, jerks, violent men, and the ignorant

Unfortunately bigotry and discrimination exist even in sunny California!  Any intolerant individual should receive intense psychotherapy and 3 years community service helping underprivileged gay youth.

normal guys don't wear  stiletto heels unless their in some nutso drag show

You bigots clearly enjoy your little hate fest.  Jerkin yourselves raw over every gay article is about as good as it gets for you.gsa shouldnt be in schools at all chosen lifestyle not real just sick twisted sexual lust so fifthy it turns my stomach .porms are not partys for your twisted views .its for finishing school .leave the freaks at home .itws good the school in cali stands up for what is right ,and as for clubs name as you call it .school can stop this freak show as well so push the issue and see ,people stop bowing down to the aclu .are the reason this country is so bad now

to all my GLBTQ friends especially the young ones no need to be afraid of these Bigots, hypocrites, haters, killers and fakes just remember this:The Lord is my Shepherd; I shall not want.He maketh me to lie down in green pastures:He leadeth me beside the still waters.He restoreth my soul:He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name' sake.Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,I will fear no evil: For thou art with me;Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me.Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies;Thou annointest my head with oil; My cup runneth over.Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life,and I will dwell in the House of the Lord forever.Forgive all of these straight people, holy rollers, bible thumpers my dearest GOD for they no not what they do....My GLBTQ friends keep doing all the good that you do someday we will all be as equal as the straights are... We will have the same benefits as they do and live happy and beautiful and a real life without being afraid... Keep your heads up my friends and FIGHT FIGHT FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN.... FOR I HAVE A DREAM......

Wow another GAY headline............ enuff already

Think they have problems,  Need to try  separating 3/4 girls corsets an hose, bras, shoes at hotel after prom an getting them all home before daylight. Miss the good ol days everyone was straight

I predict that Liberal Courts within 20 years will allow sex/marriage with anyone/anything as a Constitutional Right as all groups will state that "they were born that way and therefore they are normal". Good lord when is this madness going to end? America better wake up before the traditional family is destroyed as once the traditional family is destroyed the very fabric holding society together will be destroyed. Then it will be pure chaos.

Same idiots aclu and soros backed.  rid the us of common dicency and try to change god's morals to suit a small group which is on thier way to hell by god's standards.  better wise up and repent.  cb

So then we should make a heterosexual club in high schools and get rights for heterosexuals...where is an argument for that? Seriously, spiritually and even scientifically, #$%$sexuality is not right--if so, two men or two women can produce a child without question. Anatomically, two of the same are not designed to sexually mate. Moreover, whether one believes in Him or not, each person has to account to God one day, I'll let it rest there.Making a spectacle of one's sexual preference is really imposing on others and further segregates #$%$sexuals from assimilating. Seriously, to gay rights activists want #$%$sexuality to be deemed a handicap? I would hope not!  One does not have to act more feminine or masculine than the gender he or she wish to imitate nor does one have to call everyone who doesn't agree with #$%$sexuality, a #$%$phobe.  Seriously, since when one's sexual choice actually merits political intervention, a shift in conventional beliefs, bullying, and the platform to sue for fleeting (at best) suspicions of being discriminated for being a #$%$sexual---who cares!!!  God has given all free-will; a person simply has to own up to his or her choices, and again, ever one must answer to God and in respect to #$%$sexuality, it is against God's will and God will not make a person a #$%$sexual and then condemn for it.  And now somebody, somewhere, will come back with some insane liberal response that completely thwart any sense of morality or a stupid atheist will sputter something ignorant...and for the record, #$%$ or hetero, no one should fall subject to abuse as well as ones sexual lifestyle is not anyones businesshetero or #$%$so please stop making a public spectacle of being #$%$sexual!

So it's ok for teachers to harass students now? Interesting.

SWALLOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

gay, lesbian and moral all in the same sentence. how far society has fallen. thank god theres still some hederosexuals left in the world to populate. next we will have pedophiles sueing because there not allowed to attend there 12 year old boyfriends dance. how dare they hurt there feelings. lets just go ahead and change everything in our lives to allow this small group of people there right to shove there lifestyle down our throats.now on to other more important newsthe day was partly cloud with a chance of rain

I believe they should live as they want to!!! Are they not human beings??? Come on America they have rights too!!!

Im so sick of the opportunistic gay agenda that Iwanna vomit...truly

Until you realize you are gay/bisexual/or uncaring of what ones gender is to love (or god forbid, lust) someone, then you have NO RIGHTS to say what is and isnt damaging/harrasment/etc. Don't judge til you walk a mile in someones shoes.

gay,gy,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay and more gay, gay,gay,gay,gay,gay, yahoo all you talk about is gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay is every one there gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay,gay!

Lol funny how all the old geezers are freaking out about gay kids wearing heels when in reality, most teens who go to schools with a lot of out gay kids could care less, and are sometimes even supportive.  It probably bothers faculty more than any of the actual students.  Your mindset is going to sound as crazy to future generations as racism precivil rights movement sounds to most people today.

Of course if this was a christian group the ALCU would be working to get them off of school grounds, so why don't the gays do the same thing and everbody would be happy. Whoops everybody but gays that is!

The people of sodom tried to force themselfes upon lot, showing us a lifestyle that seeks to force itself upon others, GENESIS:10 The values of a liberal are very dangerous if theres no compassion for a child then how much are you worth? IS money be -hind it all.  When I hear people say they were born that way. It sounds like what their saying is that if they would of had one they would of choose differently. a little twist there, ay. Anytime your in a position to say yes or know you do have a choice. So what do you choose? ?? YOU MIGHT WANT TO READ A BLOG, TYPE, BLOG, (YOUNEED TOREAD ) TYPE AS TWO WORDS, CRITICAL. Anyone wondering if they could do something about it ? Check out, mass resistance org You can find out what some have in mind for public schools, to warped to mention. And if you dont do something today what will tomorrow be like. When the kids become the target someone should have the courage to say enough. People should be very careful of what they find themselfs in agreement with. They may be found where they dont want to be ! !

If we, as Christians, condone this "behavior", we are just as guilty as the sinner! We should be fighting against this, not acting like it is ok!  God is the judge of all of us and we all sin and we all fall short.  But does that mean "we" just pretend that certain things are ok, when everything in us says differently?  It is not my intent to mistreat anyone or condemn them.  However, it is my intent to stand up for what is right according to God.  I will never support this.  I admit it makes me uncomfortable, and if that in itself is offensive, then so be it.  I am offended and sick of having this particular abomination shoved in my face and force fed to me!  It is everywhere and the sad part is....at least to me, is that anyone who supports it, promotes it, and even acts like it is no big deal (when it definitely is) will also suffer for it.  His word, not mine..

If I had my way I would have the school officials who censored the gay clubs activities arrested and charged with a hate crime.  Their attitudes send a loud and clear message to the students that gays and lesbians do not deserve the same platform and rights as everyone. I construe this a promoting hate.So sick of gays .you gays are gross . the devil is in you.

SUE the school. Schools understand MONEY, especially the loss of money.

How 'bout an NRA Chapter on campus:)

oh to bad

BOLDER &amp; BOLDER they got until...

Hey homophobes : why do you use multiple accounts? Many of yall's IP addresses all match up...

this ship is sinking faster than biblically prophesied..

demanding changes, ...Among the changes sought were relaxed rules for the school's upcoming prom in April to comply with the requests of girls who want to don tuxedos and one boy who wishes to wear heels.So who was harassing who again?" that they refuse to allow the club to post flyers, according to the letter."Would have like to seen the content of these flyers, that is an important fact that unbiased journalism would report.

Go look for sympathy in West Hollywood #$%$! #$%$ are wrong

No gay person I have EVER heard of is asking for anything more than equality. Why is that so hard for bigots to understand.When is it ever ok for a teacher to harass a student?

Let me get this straight...You homosexual deviants want us, the American public, to allow you to normalize and institutionalize your behavior, and bear the economic and societal burdens associated with it and teach our children that it's ok even though it results in significant increases in the rates ofHIVHepititusGhonoreaSyphilisSuicideDrug AbuseAlcoholismCancerETC.................Uhhhhhhmmmmm............NO!

i wonder if i as a straight man would be harrassed and made to feel unwelcomed in a gay bar?i bet if i tried sueing them i'd be laughed out of the court room. its a gay bar, its for gays. why were you in there. well its a high school dance for high schoolers not a gay dance for gays. if i started a nazi club would the gays have my back when the school wouldnt let me post flyers or wear a nazi uniform to the dance? i think not.

Are they having a costume party, that sure doesn't sound like a prom. Some dude wearing heels. Sht some dude woulda wanted to wear #$%$ heels to the prom. The teachers woulda took him to the office for trying to crash the prom

I say we give the deviants their way.  Let them marry each other...Right after we take away "ALL" of the economic benefits associated with marriage for everyone.  Then we can shift that money to childrens programs, and to help pay for all of the additional societal damage that result from normalizing this behavior, like higher rates of hard drug use, alcoholism, suicide, cancer etc......

What Happened to Freedom of Speech

u should get harassed if you're a boy and get poked in the butt by another boy

Well just another example all this Gay sht is about money. Somebody needs to kick these lawyers in the #$%$. What's next Fruit Loops, you going to accuse the City because a straight person can get through red light faster than a fruit loop

I find it interesting that this whole article ONLY lists the complaints of the homosexuals, but nothing from the perspective of the school or teachers.  The article implies the teachers are guilty.  The article never asks the question - were the homosexual students behaving out of line and needed to be confronted.  So what if a teacher said "take the gay headband off".  I can't walk around my workplace with "Jesus loves you".  I would be asked to take it off.  And when has the term "gay" become derogative?  Homosexuals call themselves gay proudly.The author of this article needs to consider what appears to be bias and unfair reporting with both perspectives not covered.  I have found that its the homosexuals that do a large part of the bullying.  If you don't agree with them, then you are sued or called a bigot.  Having a different opinion doesn't equal hate.  And the ACLU is so liberal they will ALWAYS be against more conservative views.Lets look at the facts and make wiser decisions.  Also, those out there who are indifferent about the homosexual debate, I warn you to watch out.  Your freedoms are under assault.  Also, your children are in danger.  The homosexual community will prey on our young people.  If the homosexual community has their way, no one would be able to have an opinion contrary to their liberal and dangerous world view.  I encourage you to inform yourself about what is happening.  A great book to read that deals with the FACTS is called Preventing Homosexuality by a man whose last name is Nicolosi.

And this is sane.?People must come to accept that they can not tell another person how to live their life. Sexual orientation does not tell the character of a man or woman. A person's sexual orientation is between themselve, their conscience and their higher power.

Give them 1 inch, they'll get the whole 9 yds

poor queens...always getting picked on !!!THAT was ment derogatory !!!

High Desert #$%$ Town .

America is getting crazier every single day. I'm so sick and tired about gay this, gay that, gay who, gay what....gay, gay, gayyyyyyyyy. Get over it!  If you are gay, be gay and stop acting like you are something special that the whole world will come to your rescue each time you whine. Learn to deal with it! Don't be a prick.

I will NEVER support such filth ...

How about a club for African American students who bore the wrath of angry gays after blacks voted overwhelmingly against gay marriage in CA?

In 20 years I shudder over what our Nation is going to turn out to be under the Liberal banner. Sigh. Probably marriage to babies and elephants will be the norm and everyone will be gay or bananas and on welfare.

Rope suckers and carpet munchers

Who cares. There is a lot more happening in this world right now and we have so much time to sit and talk hours about something so little and insignificant like this.I don't see the PTA seek a lawsuit anywhere. I realize that is not nice not to be allowed to use flyers but using an acronym is used all the time. It part of our culture.

Toughen up ladies, the real world ain't any easier.  The school is not required to use their full group name, so deal with it.

Are the only people replying on this board #$%$ hillbillies.  It sure sounds like it.  I think it is funny how much this bothers people on this board.  We are all equals.  At least most gay people use their brains for more than tearing down other people.

...um, boo hoo?

Maybe the gay students should have Jerry Sandusky be their faculty advisor?

just maybe he was unwelcome because of HIS attitude?

and this is what the gay community wants as equal rights and protection. boys wearing heels and girls wearing tuxedo's. its all about to go to hell. they will never be treated fairly. good luck gays.

Gay perversion behavior has never contributed anything to humanity except aids and gay pedophilia. Oh, and just about every STD known to man, forgot..

Why do all homosexuals feel the need to disgrace the role their gender was designed for by nature and do utterly idiotic things like a male wearing heels to school??? He needs the sh||it slapped out of him.

the reason why islam is growing is because of the immorality of the west.Sultana HS sounds like a moslim school. what r the odds.

I'm surprised that people still believe its a choice medical experts have proven otherwise I highly doubt people would choose to be humiliated and beaten

The  teachers  should  pool  some  money  together and  pay  some  homeless  dudes  to  beat  the living  S** T  out  of  them, then  lets  see  if  they  wear  those  tuxedoes  &amp;  high  heels  to  the Prom.

Oh, WAAAHHHHHH.Typical liberal #$%$

Ever notice that not a single day goes by that we don't have to read about all the whining, crying homosexuals as they are being presented by their bleeding-heart liberal media pals (which agreed to never use the correct word 'homosexual', but instead redefined the English word 'gay')? How pathetic.

Nice to see we're not at risk for a shortage in human #$%$. These kids wouldn't have changed the prom by simply being there, but other people choose to go out of their way to make it an ordeal. No one said you have to approve, but the people worried about having views forced upon them seem to be the one's doing just that. No one was toting rainbows or screaming their sexualities. And no one has any right to complain when heterosexual culture makes up most of our society's media. Get over yourselves.

Let's go ahead and make being Gay the new normal, and see how long the human race perseverses.

Homosexuals are the biggest bunch of whiners. They want to be treated like everyone else but at the same time whine if they do not get their way. And the ACLU is a freaking joke that creates more problems than they solve.

You can fooled some people some time, but you CAN'T fooled all of the people all of the time.Homosexuals are SODOMIZERS...not GAY! (they go after the BUTT that was made to EXCRETE the WASTE from the HUMAN SYSTEM..aint nothing bright about that, so GROSS)You CAN"T stop me from calling you a homosexual or a Lesbian,....if you are involved in SUCH ACT!And nothing HATEFUL about that, since the ACT is ATTACHED to the name...get involved, uwill be call, not get involved, WILL NOT BE CALL, Period!

Then don't choose to be Gay!    It's no different than any other sin!stupid *$! #$%$! isn't it enough that these things are allowed so much now in society?! they still want more!!!

As soon as I finish writing this, I'm going to make a small donation to the ACLU.  #$%$ like the stuff at this school has to stop!

*sigh*It amazes me that people insist that "homosexuals" are sick and "homophobics" are normal, or vice versa.Is there ANYONE out there who can recognize that BOTH so-called "conditions" (homosexuality and homophobia) are not diseases at all; and the only people claiming they are diseases have a social/political agenda to push?

All this talk about tolerance. Why no talk about acceptance?

so the whole world wants to be gay now well isn't that great so long pro-creation who needs to sleep with the opposite sex anymore when you can have babies in a tube now

Religious people should be rounded up and killed. They are a disease

All gays suk pig terds

Oh, you're sick of hearing about gays? No one forced you to click on the article...or comment.

What else is new. They aren't happy not being DRAMA QUEENS! No one cares that they are gay and THAT'S their problem now. Look at me. I'm having a temper tantrum.

They should be harrass out of existence cause they are not human being ,,,Animals are better than them,,,   GAY.and LESBIAN HELL FIRE is waiting,,,,,Equality sounds good on paper until you see a 17 year old boy dressed in heels and a gold lame frock on the dance floor doing the gay boogie.  It loses some of its credibility then.  I know young people and they will be all about expressing themselves, gay or not in a very public fashion so those of us who do support sexual equality need to gird our loins so to speak for the end results to follow.While many of us may not welcome public displays of affection and provocative attire in public settings, we will have to suffer that new found enthusiasm for a period of time until those newly freed gay people come to terms with what it means to be responsible  with their new found freedom.  I would bet it may be a few years before that population will settle down and get real, but they will do just that in the long run.  Inclusion is never a bad idea.  Exclusion is a bad, destructive scheme that often results in suicide and even murder.  I think we all can put up with a little poor taste and youthful indiscretion at prom time when the end results will mean a more integrated and more functional society.

... God will walk the earth once more

It is about time,that the ACLU and the HRC and all the Gay Rights activists,start to understandthat there are many people who are not comfortable with the concept of Gay rights,,and what'shappening at this California High School,is only the begining! i do not wish this to be violent,or that anyviolence befalls these people,,but the Gays,both young and old,need to undersatnd,that their lifestyle is not acceptable,despite the secular and liberal support,you will not change or forcepeople to ever see Homosexuals ,as new Civil rights causes. i am aware,that my attitude soundsracist-but Homosexuality is not about race,,it is a concept that simply goes against Nature,,and thatis not what a Man and Woman are about-so to teach Gay Tolerance to a divided country,is like eating soup with a fork! so if any new laws,,i'm #$%$uming Hate Laws,,which will be used against thepeople,many of whom,do not recognize and accept these new discrimination laws,which are Bull!@#$ of the highest kind,,then almost all Americans will be fined or jailed,because many simply donot see any relevence,both morally,and biologically,about such a lifestyle,which needs to be keptPrivately! i respect Gays as Human beings,,but i will not support the attrocity of Gay marriage orany Gay value-that stuff needs to get out of the Public eye,,but here comes the ACLU,with thierHuman Rights issues,forcing equality,forcing Straight normal people,to be made-made,to accepttheir Gay brothers,or else! that is an invitation to an all out #$%$ kicking! and that's pretty much howi feel,when i meet certain Gays and Lesbians,who already think in their attitudes,that he's powerless to do anything to us,,or we'll sue you-and its those kinds of attitudes,which will bring verydangerous responses opon such Gays-that's why a lot  of these so-called new  civil rights laws willcause problems,because the Gay values are being Forced into society,,and many of their civil rights will likely be used against many people-not just the ones who want to kill them,,but common,everyday sort of folk,the majority of which,will never see or agree with Gays,or their choices! butwhatever rant i'll be hated for,,some of you also understand a lot of this-and for whatever else that all this will sound like,,it is still against the laws of God-eventhough many of you neither know or care,we will still be divided over the Gay Agenda,no matter what the cost!

That's right, Mark. It is wrong. But we NOW live in a country where freedom and tolerance is for the left, liberal, criminal, glbt, media, and the groups that support them as they take away the rights, liberties, and freedoms of those who still believe in what this country was founded on and those who serve, protect and die for this country.

When the mainstream media is not pumping pro Islam propaganda they're pushing gay marriage and how homosexuals are poor, helpless victims of discrimination.

another day another gay article as they were 1/2 the population and not that sick 1% they really arei have literally cut and paste this same comment for 11 days in a row and counting, today i just cut and paste it from the earler article about #$%$ and billary saying shes pro gay, which now that i think of it she doesnt seem to be able to keep a man happy (lewinsky anyone?) so i understand her twisted confusioni log onto to yahoo at work to get to my email and BOOM #$%$ in my face...gay gay gay

just like the blacks and everyone other minority group is just about money  playing the games. if you are a white conservative you understand if you are white borderline or liberal wake up.

I wonder how many people have been eaten alive by super bugs that are resistant to atibiotics which have been bred in the bodies of homosexuals who have to take high doses of antibiotics continually to stay alive?

Taxpayers are discriminated against every time they pay for a WORTHLESS welfare freeloader

Let's celebrate Comfederate history month for the students who had ancestors who died fighting for the Confederacy.  Why not, we have Cinco de Mayo!If gays feel unwelcome, there is a big huge unprotected border with Mexico.  The Mexicans have no trouble sneaking across and it can also work in reverse!

Hey FRC - why do your members use multiple accounts and constantly post hateful and derogatory comments on nothing but pro-gay articles? I thought your organization was supposed to be "family friendly"?

Again amazed by Yahoo #$%$! You filthy Repuke Teabaggers should all burn in hell!

Gayhoo's daily homosexual normalization propaganda.

A male student wants to wear heels? how more freakish can they become

So abiding by the dress code is now sexist and oppressed? Will it be sexist if I show up to prom with my deek hanging out?

ga.y is a choice, a lifestyle choice. no different than JERRY SANDUSKY choice to switch to boys

I sincerely hope that the people who think this is acceptable behavior from teachers NEVER have children. You would make for absolute TERRIBLE role models and parents.

a boy who wants to wear heels and girls who want to wear tuxedos? what a joke!doesn't anybody else see how disgusting this is anymore?

Dear dad, I decide that when I grow up I wanna be a toilet plunger."McMillen sued and won a $35,000 settlement". Another money hungry lawyer hoping for the big win. He can't get much out of Mississipi so he hopes he can win the big one in California. This is sad.

Imagine that! Another gay story on Gayhoo!

Californ7a is the freak meetingnplace dont harass th3bfreaks orbthey will leave to somewherevdecent

If you think America is the land of the free you homophobes better stand down and let ALL the people be free to be who they are.

Filing lawsuits against school systems that are trying to create a healthy social environment for children should be considered a hate crime and the homosexuals who are doing it need to be tried and imprisoned.

These anti-gay people are probably children of the men and women of the 1960's who supported segregation...

hoe-moes need their own schools, and they're own country... preferably a country where they cannot survive.

I thought you were suppose to be hot for teacher,not ya buddy,hahahahaha!!!

Gays, anti-gun supporters, illigal immigrants, tree huggers and peta supporters should find a new place to live . Your not Americans !

A boy wearing heels to the prom is just a high school prank. They have a right to bring a date of their choice to the prom, but the kids need to remember they are going to be living in a world where some conformity is nessasary.  We can all express our selves on our own time.  He can wear a Carmen Miranda hat to the after prom if he wants.  Signed, An Old Queen.How is this any different than the discrimination toward the Christian clubs?  How many teachers and student use the name of Jesus in a blasphemous way without a law suit, but refer to something as "gay" and it's time to contact the ACLU.

Very well put there Tattooyou. Man miss the days when all you had to do to a gay is beat the gay out him.

The  Straight  students at the School  know who  the Freaks  are, they  should  get  together  and  give  them  a  Big  UN-WELCOME  Party, a  high  desert  beat-down starting with  the boy who  wants  to wear  heels

To be a  #$%$!!!you will NEVER be accepted...you will always be laughed at.you will always be picked on.just because someone says they support your sick, twisted lifestyle doesn't mean they actually approve. they just say so, but really? they secretly hate it.they just say they do because it's the politically correct "in" thing to do.Just look at when their kid comes out...see how they really react... LOL!!!!!!you will NEVER reproduce naturally. you can't.you will always be hated.you will always need the media and #$%$lovin hollywierd to promote your sickness.of course that sick matt damon also is a closet case refusing to come out.you will always need the government to pass laws just for you and the aclu to help.You will NOT fit into society like you want. Just accept it and go back to the closet where you belong.For a moment think...It was actually better and everything was great before you all started to "come out".Now? Everything is a mess. Great job you#$%$freaksonaleash.We are straight. We refuse to have you PUSH your disturbing lifestyle choices down our throats.Disturbing?How do I ( a straight) person know? Simple...I was once a supporter then........Out of curiosity, I went to one of your "Gay Pride" Parades in San Fransisco several years ago..I CAN'T POST ANYTHING I SAW AT THAT PARADE BECAUSE IT WAS TOO SICK AND TWISTED. I have never anything more appalling in all my life... Freaks deserve any and all sickness you contract....We are tired of every time "little johnny" wants to come out it's a media bonanza.We are tired of "little lezzy" wanting to go to prom with her girl friend and it makes headline news.We are tired of all of your whining and all the news articles about #$%$sonarope.We wish you all to move to an island andbuttfuckeachotherinto oblivion.You get what you want and you will save us from having to listen to your endless whining.

"Civil liberties groups" = gaggle of q||ueer peddling J||ew degenerates.

Poor little darlings, life's so tough, give them a pat on the bottom.

This crosses the line. You don't agree with homosexuality? That's fine. But to harass children?! No.

gays are so irrelevant thats why they have to be so militant.  they need so much attention, their condition should still be considered a mental disorder.

gay and this lesbian they should stop it is not gud or wen dey he or she is coming to sch he or she should try and stop it.                 JESUS is coming ! God kwns why he creat man.             U guys are doing wat is nor right, if be the governor of califonia, i would have stop it

Just say NAY to the FASCIST GAYSoops its a few comments down from mine

They wonder why...Imagine that!!

How gay.

Being gay in LA and saying you feel unwelcomed is like being Jewish in Israel and claiming oppression.It's worse than being crybaby-ish, it's a downright slap in the face to gays who actually DO face oppression- such as gays in Muslim countries who face REAL oppression, or even American gay in Texas who do actually get bullied not just some fake claim of bullying.... In the same way that Jews in Israel or America claiming to be persecuted should look to other countries like the Middle East or the Holocaust, THAT was persecution...if youre wondering my political views, im pro Israeli and neutral on gay rights but am against gay marriage

What is up with gays and the News..... enough already!!!!!

Dressing gay is the new cool, due to electronic music, they all look gay tank tops head bands short shorts brightvcolors

Get your vile filthy dirty sick nasty self back into your closet pervert

And that folks, is exactly what the 'gay agenda' is about, if you do not support and celebrate the gay lifestyle, then you will be sued.  THAT is what is so disconcerting about the gay agenda, they will FORCE it upon you whether you agree with it or not!

only a phagot  or a tranny would dress up in heels, does he plan on wearing his mothers or buy his own heels

Asians are overly sensitive, too, sometimes.The only hope is that those who are lost in sin, homosexuality included, is to realize that God is holy and he will rightfully judge all who have sined against him by breaking his law (1 Kings 8:32; Ps. 9:8; 1 John 3:4). If he did not do this, then he would be approving of wrong doing. However, God is loving (1 John 4:8) patient (Rom. 2:4), wanting people to repent (Acts 17:30) and come a saving knowledge of him so they might be redeemed. What this means is that the sinner must turn to Christ, who is God the Son in flesh (John 1:1,14; Col. 2:9), who bore our sins in his body on the cross (1 Pet. 2:24), died and rose from the dead (1 Cor. 15:1-4), and made it possible for sinners to be saved from the righteous judgment of God by faith in what Jesus did on our behalf (2 Cor. 5:21) and be forgiven of their sins (Eph. 2:8). This is done receiving Christ (John 1:12), by believing in him and his sacrifice that is a payment for our sins to God the Father. Like any sinner, the homosexual needs to repent, receive Christ by faith, and be saved from God's righteous judgment by trusting in Christ and the judgment that fell upon him on the cross. They need to pray and ask the Lord Jesus to save them.

can a blood or crypt wear their colored headband in school???? then why should gays be allowed to wear their colored headband in school????? they want special treatment for them. you wear your headband to BROADCAST im gay or im a blood or crypt

Another proof that people don't read critically.   the story may have been filed in Los Angeles, but the high school is in Hesperia, a semi-rural community perhaps 100 miles east of LA.

Jeez, I was heckled and harassed all the time at school, and who cares? WHEN did we start catering to all the wimpy whiner girly boys and boysie girls?  If you can't take it, go somewhere else.Oh, and let's close the public schools, so on one has their feelings hurt any more.Stupid political correctness.

Harassment?  Boy, you are lucky I didn't put a cap in your kass

People wishing death upon teenagers that just happen to have a different sexuality. They could be great people, helpful, kind, and never done a bad thing in their life. But they are hated because they're "gay". How can any decent person wish death upon another for their sexuality...LET ALONE A CHILD OR TEENAGER?!

gays just pull this #$%$ 2 get attention...plus they aren't even nice. even if you respect their decision but don't approve of it they act like a drama queen and delete u from fb and everything...lmao I kinda think its funny bc all the gays I know act like that.

While it saddens me on some level, that our entire society is changing, I can't help but to hope that the changes will lead to better lives for everyone.

Bank robbers are a minority group that gets pushed around by big bad evil banks that want to deny them some hard earned cash and by the public.  Give them a group as well.

stop your #$%$ #$%$ dont be gay if you dont like it plain and simpleThis could solve the illegal alien problem.  If the gays dominate CA, the mexicans amd guatemalans  will get so disgustedcand go back home!

SO!

Wow, is anyone even aware that your kids are being taught about sex in kindergarten and how to be gay? wow these are the parents of today too busy commenting on yahoo actin as if it does not affect you, wake up our leaders are a bunch of perverted pedophiles, do your own research if you don't believe me also look up the new 2013 laws disgusting.

The "gay agenda" at work. More gay stories.

Long live the ACLU.

high school really HIGH SCHOOL....this is why the PUBLIC big union government education ""SYSTEM"""is not working...all the money in the world cant fix STUPID.....gays...raping football  players and TEEN MOMS...

Man this is ridiculous, the clubs I was in, in High School. We felt someone was harassing us we'd just beat the sht out of them not whine like a fruit loop

2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Ya, being gay isn't quite the "norm" yet, even though it's more accepted than when I was in high school. There was no gay students in our school that anyone knew of, but if there would have been, they would have had ZERO friends.

Why is there even a gay and lesbian club in this school?  To stir up #$%$!What about the straight lovers club, not allowed!Look , men that want to feel a #$%$ spurting in their mouths or feel a nice sausage slipping in and out of their butts are just sick. They dont have the capacity to be right about anything. For some gay person to say the rest of world doesnt understand them, well duhhhhh

Pole smokers and carpet munchers always seem to stir the drama pot..

Next.....a letter to the churches.

They're to need a little Astroglide to smear on these squeaky wheels to get them to shut up. I'll bet the school officials are as nervous as a boy in heels on prom night. So sad for Humanity.

By default all homosexuals commit hate crimes against nature and should be arrested under federal hate crime statutes, convicted and imprisoned for good.

These kids are stupid, what a joke.

How GAY

Obamas FAULT

let's just all go roll araound in excriment then we can all come together for a big ole group hug, then later we can rub excriment all over our kids and tell them it's normal.

ACLU = q||ueer peddling Zionist J||ews.The issue is not really "discrimination against gays" either.  In every state and location on the globe where this practice, particularly gay marriage, has been adopted, anyone opposing the idea of it has been marginalized.  In every case they have become the ones who are discriminated against.  Massachusetts is a good example of it.  You can't even voice your opinion against it without the risk of being fired or in some cases sued.  In Massachusetts, activists or people employed by gay activists organizations will sometimes visit business establishments to test or examine the tolerance of this.  By "tolerance", they mean someone's opinion or acceptance of this lifestyle.  If their stance is considered "not tolerant" or in opposition of it, they could lose their job. Now, this probably seems "okay" to many activists or homosexuals however, as many of you have put it, "discrimination is discrimination", period.  If activists and homosexuals want to complain and bellyache about discrimination then they might want to consider respecting the rights of others regardless of how much they dislike their opinion.What they are doing now is going far beyond the bedroom and have entered the schools and legislation where rights are being stripped from parents and others who may not agree with it.  And as far as heterosexuals is concerned, the reason why you haven't heard any complaints from me about them is because this article isn't about them isn't it?  The practices of some heterosexuals are destructive to society and the welfare of kids also; pornography, incest, adultry...etc are running rampant however they didn't organize themselves into a political action group to demonize those opposed to it.  They aren't the ones prancing around in parades to flaunt it in front of you.  They weren't the ones who tried to get a business shut down simply because the man who owned it, said "I support the traditional family".

Have you ever heard a gay man say that he had been with women and he tried it with men ? And after that i'm sure he made a choice. And if you have to take a pill or go to the doctor to get something worked on you were not born that way. The doctor was right the first time he saw you.What some have in mind for public schools is to warped to mention, CHECK it out. MASSRESISTANCE ORG And if U dont do something today what will tomorrow be like ?

civil liberties group? What the heck does screwed up sexual orientation have to do with civil liberites?

here we go again! Next time you see a guy walking around campus wearing women clothing and badly imitating a woman (snapping finger, and saying you go girl), uh, just turn the other way or you will be in the paper for harassment.  Should of gave the gay guy an A on his #$%$ paper.

What we need are Russian style anti-homosexuality laws. I bet Russian children can go to school without being assailed by the insanity these degenerates are inflicting on the learning environment of the west.

People should just be able to be themselves no one should have to fight for the right for anything.

#$%$

Well sht guess that means if a club was started promoting how to be straight at school. Them fruitcakes would be saying their being harassed and Sue

I wonder how many people have been eaten alive by super bugs that are resistant to antibiotics which have been bred in the bodies of homosexuals who have to take high doses of antibiotics continually to stay alive?

I get along with all races..I just hate Gays and Muslims. I would not #$%$ on them if they were on fire!!!!Steers and q||ueers.

Look.  Cancel the damn Prom.  These overweight lesbos will find something else to get angry about.

So is Harassment if school don't comply.Seems Gays have become hostile,threatful if it doesn't go their way?.....How about a School Vote?..Sounds more fair to me,how other students feel about this and is fair for others to express themselves with their vote,don't you think?

The gays are trying to convert others starting with high school kids . Just like the Taliban.  Bummer....*LOL*

Ahhh yes, the old "playing victim" card. So what about the 30 member radical homosexuals mob, you know the ones that call themselves "Bash Back"? They illegally entered and harassed the people of Mt. Hope Church on a Sunday morning service in Lansing, MI. Using megaphones they shouted out a lot of obscenities and vulgar and just down right hateful threats at the people sitting and at those walking in, all while parading around in indecent manners and engaging in sexual activities and shouting out things like "Jesus was a homo" and how they will kill anyone who doesn't support them.

Sausage Sucking Low Life .....You Have The RIGHT.......TO SIT DOWN.......AND SHUT UP!

Sausage Sucking Low Life .....You Have The RIGHT.......TO SIT DOWN.......AND SHUT UP!

Deviant Sausage Sucking Cockroach..... YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SHUT UP!

Why don't honkeys get a club:)

Heterosexual Power!If your date wants to go to Chuck-e-Cheese , your doing something wrong .

Just give those wierdo light bulbs and gerbils to stick Lord knows well and settle:)

All gay PUKES molest children and suk used tampons

Dont pray the gay away, BEAT the livin fk out of them.

Isn't it great the homosexuals will be able to live in a world soon, where they don't have to worry about the reprecussions of killing your kids.

Gay firsters only standard- "how will this effect my having tons of #$%$"? If anything might negatively effect that, it must be perverted 'till it meets their standard. Gays are a useful tool for those who seek to destroy the fabric of any Nation- the family.

Gay crowd serves gay 1st in everyway. Oh, I'm a priest now, the Church must be perverted (altered) to please gay 1st. Oh, I'm a Boy Scout now- give me your sons so I can teach 'em "tolerance". Oh, I'm a Marine now, I get to wear the uniform while "doing it" in the street- look, everybody, the Marines are GAY PROUD, now! Perversion destroys everything it touches- what perverse culture throughout history is still standing? If we as a people accept gay first, over God First, our institutions will fall, then we will.

Why are we permitting a 3% minority group of degenerate weirdos tcontrol the learning environment for our children? Not even Russia puts up with that c||rap.

just shoot the F....ggots. Once we start taking them out of the equation the sooner the problem will disappear.  Maybe we should get them all in a small area and send in the drones. So damn tired of hearing queer stories everyday. Seems like the news has nothing better to talk about. And if you try to push your immoral behavior in my face your liable to find my shot gun up your ass

Many gays are now rotting in their graves due to AIDS.. Lets hope for more of this 'natural solution'..The sad pathetic little Qu33rs get soo mad when they are reminded that its a lfestyle choice but the sad little Qu33rs are mad BECAUSE  they know that being a pooop pusher is a lifestyle choice , sad little pathetic Qu33rs !!

Pray for AIDS II.. its the only way to fix this disease..now..

Let me guess. Someone had a differing opinion than LSLGBT. The LS stands for the Lost Society of...

who gives a rat's #$%$  what you homosexual freaks this you better accept my way or it's going to get shoved up your #$%$ attitude is getting old

Maybe the freak  that wants to wear heels is planning a drag show  or a sex change  loool