"U.N. blames rise in violence against Afghan women on culture"you dont say...

Women are worthless chattel under Islamist laws. The ruling men say they are "protecting" the women by keeping them under tight wraps at home and limiting their contact with others, but instead it conceals their system of violent abuse against women and girls.

Violence against women is not the fault of culture - it's the fault of lack of culture.

Cavemen with no control controlling women.  Gutless men won't even stand up for their own mothers.

Why is it that the US is sending these countries any money?  Hope they don't believe they are buying friendship or loyalty.  True friendship or loyalty does not have a price.

So glad we are are going to leave that place,  all the $$$ and lives,  and nothing has changed.

This sounds like some of the silly grants we give out here in the US. Take money to study the obvious.

So torturing and killing muslim women and children is a cultural thing? Good religion for a serial killer.

The big lie is that Islam spreads its wings by loving kindness. Ask the young Afghan and Pakistani women who have had their faces burned off by acid by Muslim . Ask the Muslim women who have been turned to burning pieces of flesh by Muslim suicide bombers. Ask the Muslims girls who have been sold to  Muslim businessmen and warlords for Illicit sex. Ask the Muslim wives who have been beaten by their Muslim husbands. Ask the Muslim daughters who have had their throats slit by their Muslim family members because they loved the wrong man.

Violence, whether against women or any other being, is born of fear. And it does manifest through cultures. Especially the insecure "culture" of Ishmael. Who knows why?No kidding.

Muslims men will pay someday....

Is this different from blaming it on men?

these acts of violence against women are brought to you by the religion of peace.most of these people still dress like they did 1200 years ago. good grief.

Patriarchal religions can't help themselves but to subjugate women.  It's always been that way, and will continue to be that way until humanity grows up.

It's a culture? Since when is a society of child murdering, lying, donkey humping, suicide bombing, slap fighting pedophile worshiping cave dwelling monkey turds considered a culture? islam isn't a culture, it isn't a religion, it's a disease

WOW.... what is that thing under the sheet to the far right! Surely THAT cant be a woman! For real? Is that right??? OM! No way... say it isn't so! Oh no... oh no...

The Afghans have always behaved liked animals, they will never change.

Are the U.N. lefties actually admitting that all cultures aren't equal? Shocking.

That is not PC and it can be deemed "racist" and insensitive. You don't want the self-righteous in the liberal media after you.It's the Islamic way.

The UN blames it on culture.  Who would ever have thought it?

The UN blaming Muslim atrocities on Muslims influenced culture?!?  Unprecedented!

These women are the brood mares for Muslim Terrorists!!

File that under No #$%$, Sherlock . .. as we've been saying for decades, ignoring gender abuse and not calling 'em out for this human rights violation is our fault.  Just love how the idiots yap about not being "cultural imperialists" when we protest what happens to women in other nations .. . but when it comes to men, well, it's HUMAN RIGHTS!  Feh,.

When you rule with repression you have to have blindfold the masses. That blindfold is hate. Hatred of women. Hatred of the west. Hatred of anything that will take power away from the leaders.

culture no Islam "yes"!!

We have destroyed their culture with our violence.Why can't we accept at least part of the blame for the violence?Violence begats violence.

U don't have to be albert einstein to figure that out....what exactly is the average i.q. Of people at the united nations....about 50

It`s like a culture trapped in time, we have toilet paper,soap and razors now. Start by using these inventions and we`ll move up from there.: ) Women don't get to vote there, so it is likely that they don't get to complain there either... except to the outside world, that really has no control as to the their treatment in their own society... They might want to blame that on their Religion.

Islam has no culture. Well if you count barbarism.

What?  You mean the UN isn't blaming Israel for this? No way...they blame them for everything.

There was a 20% rise in violence because they're getting all uppidy, thinking they can go to school, get a job, go out in public etc. They need to learn their place like good muslim women.

What does the UN have to say about the current situation of Egyptian women.Egyptian women get harassed 7 times every 200 meters * 83 percent of Egyptian women reported sexual harassment and 62 percent of Egyptian men admitted that they had harassed women.** 91 percent of all women in Egypt between the ages of 15 and 49 have undergone female genital mutilation where often a large part of the clitoris is removed with the sole purpose of inhibiting sexual pleasure.+*The Egyptian National Council for Women**Egyptian Center for Women Rights+Egypt Demographic and Health Survey

Of course it's their culture and it ain't agonna change&gt;

I feel so sorry for the women, the same women that Hillary said we wouldn't desert.....:(

Yea good ol muslim culture that just might be the problem have those idoits just come back for vacation and seen the report are id it they dont want to see it the muslims

So the U.N. pointed out the obvious.  Man, give that braintrust some more of our money!

not even wild animals treat the females badly.muslims are islamist to the bone, i hope you all remember this 'culture' when islam spreads to a town near you.

Islam murders innocent women on a routine basis all over the planet and the Democrats, Obama and his corrupt friends at the UN wink and turn the other way. And the Republicans have a war on women, right!. Sick and evil.

I recall seeing a news segment where a young Afghani woman was asked how long she thought the Americans should stay in Afghanistan.  She smiled and said, "Maybe twenty years."  She knew that our American military won them their rights and when we pull out fears that everything will revert back to the way it was before 2001 will become reality.   I think Islam, for the most part, is still culturally back in the 7th century.  Sad...

Wow!!!!!  the un finally gets the picture...what an amazing conclusion...it has only taken umteen years to finally finger that out!!!

If it were not for Islamic laws, these ugly hairy butt Muslim cave men would never have a chance to even speak or get near to these women, such as these women would have the right to say "hellllllllllllll no!!" to their potential barbaric cave man mate. Some cultures that are counter productive to humanity needs to go.

Ever push water in a puddle as a kid?  When you move your hand away, the water comes right back...  We spent billions of dollars, and sacrificed our sons &amp; daughters for what?  Iraq, Afghanistan, and soon Iraq and North Korea, Dem or Rep it doesn't matter.  We need to fix our own #$%$'d up house before we try to 'promote democracy'.  I'm not xenophobic, just livid that our 'leaders' are all self-serving impotent elects.

Oh a UN declaration urging an end to violence against women and girls, I bet women everywhere are giving a sigh of relief!

Women in Islamic countries must be given equal rights. Outmoded laws must be discarded. The mullahs and religious zealots are hostle to women. men marry minor girls and enslave them. The whole world should condemn the violence on women and stand in support of women.,

How can they put honor and killing in the same sentence. How about holy war. Good lord I just don't understand this mentality.

This 'culture' long outdates the US of A, yet we want to try to force them to change to our will?  Uh, yeah, right.  The Pashtu aren't going to do what we tell them to do simply because they don't want us to tell them what to do.  We need to get out of that sheet-hole pile of rocks.If a Pashtun man wants to make love to a woman, his first choice is always a Tadjik man.Women are for making babies, but a men are for fun!As if we could change these savage animals.I wish the U.S. was as concerned about violence against woman in the United States.I would not be using a wheelchair today.The VAWA is a worthless piece of paper in the U.S.Google "Gingers strength rob mckenna" to see how the U.S. government does not enforce the laws to protect woman and how some within the government are guilty!!Also google "Gingers strength christine gregoire".Where is the U.S. government's concern about their own women?The U.S. government did uninmaginable things to this citizen to make her back down from  pressing charges because it was government employees criminally involved.Goole "Gingers strength rob mckenna" and "Gingers strength christine gregoire"Why isn;t the U.S. helping this woman?

Viloence against women blamed on islamic culture, you think dumb #$%$.

Why is it culture and not religion ? In the original Arab/Middle Eastern form of Islam, culture and religion are the same thing. Only in small parts of Africa, and most of Asia and the West, ( Pakistan and Afghanistan are not part of Asia, too close to the ME geographically ) culture and religion are not always the same thing, there are areas of differentiation. Most religions including Christianity have clear boundaries between secular culture and religion but not Islam. There lies the problem, Islam at its very inception was not just a religion but a religion based on Bedouin Arab culture which predated Islam which is sexist, homophobic and xenophobic, because they were a small insular isolated tribe living in the harsh desert, therefore they hated everybody and imposed draconian laws on themselves to protect their minority tribal  cultural identity. Tragically in the 21st century, their cultural beliefs have not changed.

My father grew Muslim and my mother Catholic. She went with my father to his mosque when they were in high school because she was curious. My mother told me the preacher flat out said If your woman doesn't obey you must strike her." She left and never went back.

Ummm...this is news?!!!  I thought everyone already knew this.

Maybe it's time for a Sodom-Gomorrah solution to the 'Islamic Problem". This insanity of treating women as objects or property does not belong on this planet anymore. A mass awakening is needed worldwide, as a similar culture is taking hold in America as well.

How about this factor right here:Buddhism, Hinduism, Christianity, Judaism, Christianity etc.Notice a pattern and how they claim that women are stupid and second fiddle.

Nuke Mecca!

if that is the case, then no one is guilty or responsible. Only Culture is responsible.

Islam is a barbaric, sexist, violent ideology (not a religion) that worships a pagan god (Allah) and women are oppressed under Islam.How could any person be ‘proud’ to follow a man (Muhammad) who was a pedophile, endorser of clitoridectomy, slave trader, rapist, polygamist, punched his child bride and endorsed whipping/beating women and ploughing them like fields, stoned women to death, flogged his slave women for fornication while he had sex with slaves himself, propositioned women and passed them round to friends, denied women equal inheritance, or equality under the law etc forever and abused and denigrated them in every way--not to mention his general sadism to others, mass murder, beheading captives, massacres, terror, torture, owning slaves and raping them, looting and pillaging, amputations, flogging, thievery, lying, hate, megalomania--- unending horror.Sounds a lot like the USA.  Three out of five women will be raped before they are 25.

"Culture" is the euphamistic way of saying Islam. Islam is the reason for violence against women in Muslim countries, whether Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran, Saudi Arabia, etc..In Islam, women can be beaten, raped and killed, including but not limited to wives, sisters, daughters, because of the teachings of the Qur'an and Muhammad's Sunna (example and sayings).Qur'an 4:3 - ok to have sex with / rape your possessions (females taken captive)Qur'an 4:24 - ok to rape female slaves, even if they are married, in front of their husbandsQur'an 4:34 - beat wives if you fear highhandedness, after denying them sex and warning themQur'an 5:33 - for those who cause fitna in the land (by disobeying a man or Islam in any way) it isok to main, torture and kill themQur'an 65:4 - ok to rape little girls by calling it marriageThis is just a sample.  From the Sunna we learn females are considered stupid, invalidate a man's prayers like a god or donkey does, can be raped (littlr girls included), and just about every vile thing you can think of.

Muslims use culture asajustification  for their ruthless, violent way of life because they  don't have the courage to admit that  islam is the root cause.

And they are all going to heaven in the name of their allah.....HAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHA!!!

You mean the UN didn't know this before? Is this suppose to be news, or is Yahoo just pointing out how stupid the UN is all the time.?

Men are still the number one victim of violence. This is the problem of having UN groups just focusing on women, their studies are always biased.

Culture of their religion of Islam. The scourge  of the planet.

Never ending women issue. Its the Catholic infiltration of Islam and meddling with Holy Quran translations which now the Muslims are dearly praying the price. Sad!

Watch out!  If you give them any rights, it could destroy society!-Egypt

Another Zionist plot!culture = islam

It's getting harder to keep women barefooted, pregnant and uneducated.

What !  Wait... so you mean, it's not the water over there ?!!!  How'd they ever figure out it was tied in to the local culture ?  I mean, that's a crazy,wild counter-intuitive leap.

Do whatever you want to a woman.....just don't dare burn some paper aka the quran.

Degenerate religion promotion and doing degenerate things.....not surprised.

USA 'S FAULT…it is to weaken them and put them under foot…destroy the families like here in the US..THEN introduce porn and sex slavery, drugs, and next the destruction of the male

nope USA made all of this possible by funding taliban so #$%$ and leave. with your propaganda.

There is a big difference between culture and religion. In Islam, women are to be protected and respected. Women have many rights in Islam. Culture is more common practice and what they are doing is not a part of Islam. It is shameful that women are treated so poorly.

What about the sex trafficking the U.N does? does that contribute as well?

I didn't know that Drones were part of afghan culture!?How about that! Blaming culture instead of religion. How unique. And before you nay-sayers sa otherwise, anyone can blame actions on belief systems. Slavery (that committed by Europeans) can be blamed on Judeo-Christian beliefs. Attitudes of women here in America can be blamed on Christian beliefs. The rampant racism here in America can be blamed on Christian beliefs.The common understanding is that this country is based on Christian values. Now look at the things this country has done in the name of God or because of the belief in that system.Needless to say, most will not agree with those suppositions. I don't blame you. It's the belief system at heart.Don't blame the religion (any of them), blame those few bad apples in it that perform and disseminate these faulty aspects of good belief systems.