Maybe kids should start going to school for academics, not a social career OR social media.

"Those comments included names of at least five people they said they wanted to kill and discussions of using guns, knives, box cutters and gasoline and filling a bath tub with acid to dissolve a body.But the girls' lawsuit said any reasonable person would have realized the 14-year-olds were only joking because they used emoticons such as smiley faces, terms that represent laughter including LOL, and capital letters that represent sarcasm."That's a great defense!!!  We were just joking, we put smiley faces on our horrible bullying remarks.  I can't believe that believe that THEIR civil rights were violated!  WTH is this country coming to?!

Lots of bullies laugh and smile while they taunt and threaten their victims face-to-face. It is always a joke to them, never a joke to the victim.

Since when are threats of murder and mayhem considered free speech?

Intereting.  In OH two girls were just arrested for threatening the life of the Steubenville rape victim in this manner.  In Indiana, three girls are *rewarded* for doing essentially the same thing.  Sure glad I live in OH...

So, using LOL and smiley faces makes it all hunky dory huh?! Um, no it does not. I guess if they had used the cross hair symbol like Zodiac then maybe it would have turned out differently?! Or, is it because they are girls and not boys that they got a slap on the wrist?

I hate the free speech debate. Yes, we have free speech, but when you go and post online which classmates of yours you would like to kill, there WILL be consequences if it comes across the right person. If they had posted that and then carried out an attack, would it still be considered "free speech"? What they posted was a hit list, and most school districts have consequences for students who write hit lists. Don't write one, and you won't be expelled. It's pretty simple, really.I would also like to point out that the Ohio rapists used "LOL" in many of their texts when they were "joking" about raping a girl. Typing "LOL" didn't get them off the hook for the crime they committed.

Ummm...threatening someones life is a punishable crime.  How do they consider that freedom of speech?

I usually agree with the ACLU on protecting civil liberties, but I don't think they shoudl have won the lawsuit. The girls were expelled for a reason.  making death threats or even just joking about mass killing should not be covered under "free speech", expecially in the day and age of frequent school massacres and bullying.

A little child with an imaginary grenade, and a little girl with a plastic bubble gun are suspended, and these teenaged bullies are rewarded for their behavior.

Several things bother me about the story and about the facebook posts.  First, why is the settlement confidential?  This is public business and should be kept in the public arena.  Second, even if the facebook post were a joke it shows that these individuals have some problem and need to go to talk to a mental health professional.  This is the exact reason that we have mentally disturbed people using weapons to kill and maim other people.What can one say about this?  ACLU just sued a school for a reaction to bullying but they call it freedom of speech.  So I can do the same and threaten to kill and hurt people as long as I say LOL and put a smiley fac.

Sounds more like "conspiracy to commit murder" than bullying.

:-) :-)  I say we fire bomb the ACLU regional offices. LOL :-)  :-) HEHE.......

"But the girls' lawsuit said any reasonable person would have realized the 14-year-olds were only joking because they used emoticons such as smiley faces, terms that represent laughter including LOL, and capital letters that represent sarcasm."Ha good one! The girls surely did want to KILL those people, can't you see 14 year olds plot these kinds of stuff on a daily bases LOL! ;)

social media has shown us our face, and it is ugly.

What does this say about the bully girls parents.  Their girls do something awful, and they find a way to redeem them!  Don't blame the ACLU, blame the parents!

Unbelievable! This country is falling apart, the parents are pathetic and the kids think life is a joke!

Who edited this? When did it change from the eighth grade to "eight grade"?

Yea, only joking, so was that kid in Newton, in Boulder, Texas, all of them real jokers. unfortunately, people get dead because people like these little bitc$3s get guns and kill others while just joking. Didn't those girls in Ohio just get arrested for "joking" about harming a rape victim????

This is what happens when you get parents that do not parent and when you have the government controling parenting. Also these 3 stupid girls will have a sad life based on how they are acting now. Because they will expect everyone to let them get by with stuff."that they since have framed as jokes"...wow. It got you expelled from school and that's something you want to commemorate? Hmm, makes you wonder where that frame hangs in their home.

#$%$. Kids are killing all over American and any student who threatens another student should be arrested and NOT PAID. What if the judges children were on the list. Bet this lil _____ won't be getting a pay day and would be sitting in jail or expelled from the district. Sad, Sad, Sad

Where are the baby daddies?

So it's OK to bully, so long as you do it after school?  Wow.  Great message.

Because they used 'smiley faces' any reasonable person could assume they were joking...that argument makes no sense.  Driven to the logical extremes, anyone could plan out Columbine-style attacks, in public, and say they were kidding because they used 'smiley faces'.  This is absurd.

Ther is nothing funny about death threats! smilely faces and LOL's DO NOT MAKE IT OK U BEETCHES!!!!

What was once right will not be wrong, what was once clean will not be filthy, what was once moral will not be immoral.  We have no one who will stand up for correct behavior.  This story only proves that we no longer really care about, bigotry, prejudice, integrity, character as long as whatever the behavior is can be sued and monetary gain can be obtained, anything goes.  As a society we stand for nothing we fall for everything expecially if a Lawyer can make a dime.

I believe plotting to kill classmates or even joking about it goes a little beyond "anti-bullying" policies. Sheesh. Expel them from public schools for good. I don't see a reason they deserve free education (despite how #$%$ it may be).

The school district needs to hire better lawyers. I can't see a "haha just kidding" defense argument being that solid. Even just using this Yahoo article I can poke holes in that.

home schooling is really starting to sound like the best optionnasty kids being nasty

The school should counter-sue, terrorist threats are not covered under free speech and there are criminal charges for that specific crime.

If that New York ex-cop (Gilberto Valle) would use smilely faces and LOLs, he would not be convicted then?

And their  parents hired the lawyer, instead of disciplining their own kids.......seems like apples fell real close to the tree..

So if someone threatens the president it is ok if they add lol. Tell that one to the secret service as they put the cuffs on you. ACLU is an idiot organization that needs disbanded.

I am appalled that there is someone out there that is actually defending these girls.  I bet you would feel different if it was your own child they were talking about.  You just sent a message to murders that all they need to do after killing someone is leave a note behind saying just joking with a smiley face.....What is wrong with the adults in this article?  Holy Hell, stop making excuses for the youth!