Sunni militants cross Syrian borders to help their brethren there while Sheea will do the same for the same reason. Both are led by money hungry chieftains who employ jobless misfits unable to do anything of value with their lives. It is sign of bad times waiting to come to Lebanon.

well, supposdly somehting or another has happened, supposdly? depends on which proganda machine is reporting on any given day?

Way to go Assad!! It is about time you widened the area of death . I take comfort in knowing that the Arab death count will increase from five hundred per day to six hundred. An Islamist has to be blind if he cannot see that in every land where Islamist dwells, death is its constant companion. People that stupid don't deserve to live. Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Sudan, Gaza, Egypt, Mali or you name an Islamic Country or land, they are killng each other by the hundreds daily in the name of Allah. The bombings and the shootings only scratch the surface, three times those deaths are caused by starvation, disease and simple complete and utter neglect. We won't have to fire a shot or drop one bomb. The Islamist are eradicating themselves for us, Praise be to Allah author of his own demise.

Targets = Terrorist bases in Lebanon for infiltrating &amp; attacking Syria.

3 million Muslims in England and 5 million Sunni Muslims residing in France pressured the govt in providing aid to the Sunni terrorist in Syrian...

Sorry El Polloso wrong answer, they bombed the Sunni Arabs that support the Free Syrian Opposition across the border from Syria in Lebanon. Actually Lebanon in its border wirh Syria is a hot bed of movements by Sunni Anti Assad fighters and supporters as well as #$%$ Hezbollah and Iran supporters going into Syria to fight. Some of the fighting has come over to Lebanon too.

I bet it was a captured syrian jet , flown by the IDF. And America is gonna lie and back them up.

Dame the Syrain jets missed their target....Its in the Isreali border that is helping the Sunni terrorist against the Syrian govt..

I wish Lebanon would get rid of Hezbollah, close all the borders and let the rest of these idiots fight each other. That is the only way for Lebanon to get out of this mess

Who are the good guys? You make the call:Iran &amp; Russia helping l Syrians fight AQ terroristsNATO+Isreal+Qatar+Saudi helping AQ terrorists to kill Syrians.This is news???  At least we learn from this news that Syrian pilots are able to "Hit" their targets.

Assad watch your back. Use the chemicals. U.S. involvement in the international military action Saturday to stop Libya's Col. Moammar Gadhafi from attacking his own people won bipartisan backing from Long Island members of Congress.Don't like the new leader? Kill him too! Simple they murdered him because they can!New world order. Don't like a leader of the country? Take out all their air force and navy!Islam someone is killing all your leaders?

Shouldn,t go into Lebanon and hide then go back into Syria to do attacks. Assad is doing a great job in Syria. They should award Him the Noble Peace Ward.

and this is news.   rather read about hilary.she will be admitting she is a lesbo soon .lol

When a dog's trapped in a corner, he lashes out: in this case, Assad will be using chemical weapons soon!

Just another terrorist from Texas who will soon be dead or in prison for life. Assad should do whatever he needs to in order to defend his country from these AQ death squads.

Who is the only leader that is protecting Syrian Christians from gruesome beheadings, violent gang rapes of children, massacres of entire towns, kidnappings, summary executions of captured soldiers and torture? Assad and the Syrian Army are the only ones. Obama and his Israeli war criminals are helping the slaughter.

What a pest hole that part of the world is.  Israel is the only place over there worth a damn.

So for how long has he been listed as a CIA asset like Bin Lauden???

About damn time.  Jordan and Turkey will be next.Alowites should retreat now and accept their minority status before they are obliterated by Sunnis. Let the majority win for this this battle, then set up a free and fair government like Iraq.

Meanwhile along Syria's Israel border, Israel allows the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists that Israel's best friend &amp; ally the US, said did 9/11, and declared a war on terror against, to operate along its border, revealed with the abduction of the UN Peacekeepers in the Golan heights. This is making people wake up and realize, Israel never attacks the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, only the ones fighting them like when Israel illegally went into Syria and bombed the Syrian military fighting the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists.  They never help our troops being murdered in Iraq by the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, or the Christians in Syria being murdered by them

Good kill ...good kill

the attack was just... syria doesnt want foreign terrorists entering their nation. i think the only reason why we dont like syria is because theyre allied with iran. next stop ladies and gentlemen will be iran. mark my words.

As long as Lebanon is home for Hezbollah, it will be a part of this war, NO matter what.

another one of a few hundred articles about syria... when will this end? Im sure yahoo is enjoying this as a source of news...

To war we go.

Assad should put his foot down and use his gas weapons against these Islamic terrorists.

Jayinkum.

There is justice in the world.For every false accusation, excuse, lie, etc. that any organization uses against it's enemies, those things come back and are used by BOTH sides if it finds itself at odds within their ranks.Ethical organizations resolve such issues quickly.Unethical ones fall apart and turn to fighting, over and over.What will happen to Syria? Depends on them and their past behavior. I'm no psychic, nor their judge. They will receive the same justice they showed others, whatever that will be.Why don't we replace Muslims in the Middle East with Mexicans people. Basically, make it where Muslims do not have children anymore in these backward countries, we could do this through government incentives, similar to welfare, but instead of paying Muslims to have children, we pay them NOT to have children. This would solve the immigration problem in America as well. Mexicans will improve the gene pool in these Islamic countries and work hard and treat their women with dignity, only then will Allah and Mohammad the Great be happy.

Please substitute "Israel" for "Lebanon".Reader please try to understand Jewish controlled western media.