What a mess.

What a world.

Sad for the hole family.  What a nightmare.

So the parents of the 17 year old feel that the conviction of their mother and mother-in-law was justified. If this kid was so special to them, why wasn't he living in their home instead of with his 75 year old grandmother? Is it because they kicked him out for his drug use? Is it because they couldn't control him? Why didn't they take him with them to Arizona when they moved there? If this kid was such a "great" kid, why weren't the parents raising him?

word to the wisest. one knows they can''t save the world. but in my case my wife's grandson forced himself on us, lied and manipulated us. i challenged him when he showed up one day to stay and we accomodated him.  he was to leave within a specified time, once he found work. when challenging his non productivieness he became abusive and almost killed me. we have no guns and i am chicken anyway, but be careful how to criticize. i am 73 and a man, and thankfullly quite healthy. but no match for a 20 year old weight lifter.  we did not have pipe dreams of changing this boy, just temporary shelter and he like others do not take criticism lof their lifestyle lightly.  this grand ma at this time had a short fuse, probably a bit cold blooded, i have no idea. but if she did have fear, i can understand it.

Word to the wise. Raise YOUR children and let others take responsibility for their own.You can't save the world no matter how hard you try.

If I had hit my grandmothers ,my parents would've been fist fighting over who got to mangle me ,my father or my mother.

How does the mother of this kid get to pass judgement on grandma?  If he was such a good kid, why wasn't SHE raising him?

what a sad situation.  A boy left behind by his parents, true he probably wanted to finish high school, tough decision for him, and his sister seriously, frightenly ill. Just a boy.  And maybe he was doing drugs, and maybe he did bring his friends to her house, and maybe they did argue, but why the heck ever did she not call for help.  To old to be put in this situation, poor boy, poor lady. Poor family.

If granny was such a "monster" why'd the mother dump him on her so she could split to AZ?  I believe mom is just c-h-a.A teenager that uses drugs, argues with adults, doesn't attend school on a regular basis is dumped off at his 75 year old grandmothers. And "mom and dad" call her evil. There's enough blame to go around on this one.

Why was the son with the grandmother and not the parents?  If he were that good a son, why did they not take him with them when they moved?

Not all the facts are here but, if he was such a great kid, why did he fail a drug test??

"failed drug test." if you have never dealt with a druggie, you do not know chit...

The parents of the kid are glad their mother is going to prison. Why weren't they taking care of their own kid? Who is the monster in all of this? They threw grandma to the wolf.

Mom couldn't handle the kid, that is why granny got STUCK with him.  He failed the drug test, not granny.

If the mother thought that granny was "a monster" why would she leave her "great kid" with granny?   He couldn't have been such a "great kid" if he's on drugs, etc.   Also, having a daughter with a brain tumor is not a sufficient reason to leave a "great kid" with a monster.

I can see snapping from fear and just firing away until a gun is empty. She is not trained like police officers are to fire once and stop. She was running on adrenaline. Its not easy at any age to deal with a druggie who can become dangerous, much less at 75. I could not do it.

"I'm glad she's put away and can't do harm to anyone else," Said the mother...If you had taken responsibility and raised your own son, none of this would have happened..No sympathy for the daughter felt here

for all you young people, be nice to old people !!!The parents should have been taking care of their son, not a 75 yr old woman.  If they had done their duty, this poor woman wouldn't be going to jail and the boy would be alive.

This would have been avoided if your mother had probably smacked you a few more times and you had carried on the family tradition to your abusive and drug addicted son.The sins of the father or in this case the grandmother hve been handed to the grandson.

If she thought her mother was such a monster why did she dump her troubled son on her? This whole thing stinks. The parents should go to jail with her, they caused this mess.

I remember the good ol days when Granny used knitting needles for all her killings.

Can't make a call here. Not enough information.

Mother of kid should go to prison too.Sent her mess to DETROIT for a life ? Of all places. Ya,  you get what you pay for.Didn't see that comming ? NOW her mom's a, " monster."You sent your kid to Detroit to live with a monster ? Sit down B. It's your dagger.

A 75 year old women should not be responsible for a druger, they change personality on a dime.

Somehow this does't seem right , they should appeal it, maybe she should have gotten probation, why was this troubled teen even living with her, a 75 yr old woman.

Jennifer Hoffman (the mother) said "He was a great kid and didn't deserve this."   No, not many people do deserve a death like this.  I imagine the boy was neither totally great nor a total monster.  I think G'ma was frustrated, fearful and overwhelmed, felt like she was at the end of her teather and maybe, just maybe she pulled the gun to somehow threaten Jonathan and got caught up in the moment and just had a break with reality and started pulling the trigger.  I can't believe she initially wanted to kill her grandson.  I really don't think there are monsters in this tragic situation.  I think there was a young man who was not totally good and a grandma who was not totally right in the headOf course G'ma's life is over.  With a possible minimum sentence of 14 years she would be nearly 90 when her time was served if she survived.  And I think the parents need to take some responsibility for this because even raising a perfect teenager is rough for a healthy, fit, young parent.  I had to be terribly hard for a grandparent to deal with.  It's a very tragic situation from all sides.

If she was a monster and  deserved to go to prision why did you leave your son with her?14 years? I dont get it.

Detroit, enough said

They better be thankful I wasn't on that jury or it would have been a hung jury.  I think the Grandma killed the little druggie because she truly was afraid for her life.  She probably was afraid to leave him wounded and alive, less he mount some kind of counter attack on her.  Where I come from kids have robbed, beaten or killed or left grandparents for dead because of drugs and their gansta lifestyles.  I don't feel sorry for the dude.  If he had behaved himself, he would still be alive.

The freaking Associated Press needs to get get it together.  The first news story out stated the grandmother is 87.  Dam* you people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If he failed the drug test, then his parents dropped the ball. I would never take in anyone else's kids. My grandmother let her grandson live with her. He was high or drunk everyday. Luckily he never hurt her. His parents were the problem that Grandma wasn't equipt to deal with. This kid was a product of bad parenting and desperate grandparenting.

The parents are sure cocky considering that they left their POS kid with her. If he was such a wonderful kid, he belonged at home with them. Frankly, I think it's terrible that the grandmother will likely have to spend the rest of her years in jail because of the problem these parents created.

If he pushed his Grandma during a fight over money, he is a bad egg, period.  She was most likely in a state of shock.  Shame on his parents for letting him get money from her.

(From one grandmother to another) Looking in from the outside, we all tend to judge.But, no matter what the parents say,the bottom line is....They put their drug using,trouble making son off on a 80 year old woman  because they ,themselves didn't want to deal with him within the time of difficulities. The grandmother has rasied her kids, why should she be responsible to raised her childs kids. Was it wrong for her to shot and kill her grandson? Yes, depending on the circumstances. But, the question is why? Raise your own......If and i mean a big "IF" the parents seem to feel as though the grandmother was such a bad person."WHY" would they put their child in harms way?.......Just asking?

These parents left a 17 year old male with a 75 year old female...How stupid can you get...this is like leaving two juveniles together without supervision....One is too young to control his actions and one is too old to care about their actions.....

Grandmother was afraid of him, she was wrong to shoot him.  Smart mouth 16 years old are a double handful these days.  I can only imagine the torment he brought into her home."great kid"  let's see, active druggy that got dump on granny so's mama can split for AZ.  If he was such a great kid, why just put him on self maintainance?

So the daughter calls her mother a "MONSTER"  and deserves prison. WELL guess she was sweet momma when grandma had to put up with her bad #$%$ son. Seems momma did not want him.Poor lady she feared him so much.Hopefully she will be treated well in prison.I feel so sorry for her for satan was truly in that house that day.I will pray for her.When we argue ask LORD GOD to intervene call on his name will be amazed how all settles down. Do this from your heart.Open the door and i shall enter.(HEART)

A sad situation for the victim and the accused.  It has been my observation that an elderly person with a gun is not someone that you want to argue with...they have less patience, less restraint, and may be more fearful.

Jonathan's mother, Jennifer, said her 75-year-old mother was a "monster" who deserved to go to prison, "He was a great kid and didn't deserve this." Jonathan's father, Michael, said the verdict was a "final vindication for my son." -- Where have Jonathan's parents been all these years when their "great kid" had been taken care of by Jennifer's "monster" mother?

I think it was the TEN shots over a SIX minute period of time that may have swayed the jury.

Too bad she isn't Lindsey Lohan's granny.

What happened to the daughter with a brain tumor?  What did the Hoffman's do that required both parents to burden an aging grandmother with a troubled teen?  There's too many holes in this whole story.  The grandmother's testimony seemed to come from a confused woman, who could easily become a trophy for a over ambitious prosecutor.  How do we drugged kid didn't shoot himself? An extra 4 shots were fired.  A traumatized grandmother in shock could have been convinced by outsiders that she did it.  I'd like to know if the coroner tested the kid's hands for powder burns.

This is the correct verdict. When you fire 10 shots at someone with some of them being recorded in a 911 call as they are pleading for help there's no way that could be self defense.

The lady should have been given a  medal for service to the community.  And the DA should get a swift kick in the pants.

What if Adam Lanza had been shot by his grandma?Screwed up Family, who doesn't have one?

If grandma was such a 'monster', why did they dump the kid off on her?  On the other hand,  six shots in self defense?  wouldn't maiming the kid have been enough?  Sounds like the whole family was screwed up, not just grandma.

How sad... I'll never agree to take my "grand-kids" into my home IF (and I don't think they would) my kids cannot cope w/them.Been there done that w/them already. I raised you and you need to raise your children, if you have them, yourself. I'm way too old to deal with this generations #$%$.I've heard way too many horror stories about kids taking advantage of their parents for rearing their children. Sadly, this generation has little, too not respect for their elders!

If her mother was such a monster, why did she leave her 17 year old son with her? I think the parents have blood on their hands as well.

If he was a great kid, why wasn't he with her? She didn't want the responsibilty of him, so gave him to her mother to raise. Jennifer Hoffman is a real piece of work. I hope she rots in hell and God bless her mother.

Now the slimeball mother who negleted her son shows up. she gave up all responiblity for him to her own mother not realizing she left a monster in her mothers care and when she came down to it I would have killed the creep myself.She did what she had to do. The jury is wrong it was self defense. When you shoot an animal you keep shooting til it is dead.And the kids So-Called mother is a joke and irresponsible. If it was not for the kids mother the kid may have been able to get help for his drug addition. But now he is dead. I hope you feel real proud of the way you raised you son.

A trouble teen have no business living with a grandma especially when he have  parentsWhen my daughter went the wrong way at 19  it was very hard for me and her father to carefor her, she is 32 yrs old now thanks God

She maybe telling the truth.Even cornered tigers, lions, snakes, bees, chimps, and virtually almost all animals, who find themselves in fear of their lives,  instinctively lash out with dire consequences.

Begging money from Grandma, when he has a mother.  Pushed Grandma over the edge.

Or the dumb parents figured their kid will cause granny to kick the bucket and they take the house and small fortune granny saved up from not ever doing coke or hemp or acid or meth as the parents were prolly doing - this meth psycho douche gun toting young generation sucksGrandma initiated Plan B Retirement Option. At her age, she will be well taken care of by the care. Probably be pamper and fuss over as her health decline and the state have to care for her.

It's a shame all the way around.  The boy didn't deserve to die like that and the grandmother was too old to be trying to handle a teen using drugs.I'm sorry but there are many, many families that have children with a terminal illness such as his sibling with a brain tumor and they don't go farming their other kids out to family members.  He was old enough to take care of himself at home.  Sounds like they just wanted him out of their hair and didn't care the burden they were putting on the grandmother.She obviously didn't kill in self defense with him on the phone calling for help with her just shooting him over and over.  So he is dead and she'll die in prison.  :(  Parents need to take some responsibility for not taking care of their own children.

These comments are even worse than usual.

What an absolutely terrible story!  This is almost as bad as some of things you read in the bible.  Condolences to the family.

I guess the Michigoon jurors would have found the druggie grandson not guilty because of drugs had he beat her to death for not giving him the money and car. Bunch of idiots.

This kid's parents have no right to criticize this women since they were too lazy to raise their own kid.  IF they raised thei own kid and not pawn him of on an elderly lady this wouldn't have happened.

"Granny's got a gun, the whole world's on the run"...

Um... she admitted to killing the boy.  Why is finding her guilty of murder such a stretch?

This is not right. Sorry, but the justice system is really screwed up on this one.

Here's a sad comment on our less-privileged senior citizens.  She will likely go to a minimum security prison to live out her days.  She will have full medical and dental, free of charge.  She will have activities and a social calendar, free of charge.  She will get visitors as often as she likes.  She will have nutritious meals every day.  She will have a library, television, and movie nights.  How many poorer seniors can say this?  Sad, that our prisoners fare better than our free citizens.This sounds like a problem a lot of familys in America are experiencing now a days.When a child becomes a problem to his or her parents it is the easy way out for the parent to dump the kid on another family member.Children today can be very cruel and run over their family.You never know what goes on behind closed doors.

Disfunctional family. Grandma may have had other options and should have utilized them. However, if she wanted the boy dead and he wouldn't run away with bullets in him already, she could have shot him in the head. I don't agree with murder in the first. And the parents(daughter especially) are equally responsible. If the grandma was a "monster" why would you leave a drug addicted teenager with her?? Responsible parents, you are not. Go back to Arizona, we don't want you here. And use some birth control.

I've seen monster-grandsons too that relentlessly abuse and torment verbally and even physically their own tired out and aging grandmothers to the point of mental breakdown, these distraught and many times forgotten elderly have their distress pleas go unaddressed by the sometimes enabling monster-parents of a tormenting child, who might even seek an early demise of an asset-loaded grandma....think abused wife syndrome defense. There are some real mean and unruly teenagers out there these days.....hate to think this lady was the victim with no advocate to turn to....could she have snapped and wanted it to end the mental torment, and used excessive force to achieve the relief she was seeking.

She's 775 years old...I bet she won't make it to 76...

Mom says he was a great kid, drug addict, attacks his grandmother, she dumps him in her mother's lap.  If he was so great why wasn't he living with his mother?

14 years for murder?! If that's it I need to pick out a victem.

She was too old to be put through all of that, and he was too young to understand that at all.  A tragedy waiting to happen.

No winners here.......

Sad story and everybody is going poor granny! What about the dead boy? All the evidence points at granny murdering sonny boy if you look at it without bias! Granny had NO injuries after supposedly being attacked by a 17 year old, no bruises nothing! Granny shot 10 rounds  hitting him six times in six minutes. It would seem plausible if it took that long that granny may have been hunting him down while he hid from her! He's calling for help and granny shoots him some more while talking to the police! I'm sorry but obviously the boy is not a threat anymore and yet granny shoots and kills him anyway and didn't call for an ambulance! I'm sorry but thats murder! We know nothing about granny, who knows what medical problems she may have at that age? I wanted him to pay attention to me, he had to listen! I know I would sleep fine after giving her a guilty verdict after reading the evidence!

One child with a cancerous brain tumor, and one child murdered by your own mother...wow, talk about tragic.Just maybe they both got what they deserved.

Why would you send your child to live with someone you view as a monster? Just saying.

i do feel sorry for this woman. her real crime was just being a victim of circumstance. a 75 yo women being left to take care of a messed up teen. where is the justice here! i hope his parents are proud of their decision to leave a senior citizen to take care of him. now they have a dead son and a mother in prison over not doing their own parenting. its sad... sorry Mrs Layne

If his mother thought he was such a good kid... why didn't he live with her?  This is all very tragic...

Yeah, I think shots #2 through #10 were a problem for her.  Of course, Mom and Dad are to blame also because they thought it was a good idea for an 80 year old woman to try and raise a high school senior.  Guess that didn't work out very well, huh?  The daughter has a brain tumor so we'll just get rid of the boy for a while.  Nope.  I've known families who dealt with more and worse, and never tossed any of the kids aside.

May God help Granny, bless her and keep her safe. And may these parents get what they have coming. H - - - I hope.

Some twightzone chit goin' on. Just one of those kinda WOW stories. Grandmother kills grandson by shooting him over and over during a 5 to 6 minute period???Off the planet...out THERE.....somewhere...

Granny from hell

"I wanted him to pay attention to me. He had to listen. It wasn't a conversation. It was arguing.  Swearing. . . ."If that justified deadly force, no kid would ever live to see twenty.

And that's why I don't f with my grandma.Granny done went on the nut.

Grandma got a gun.

The woman who birthed me would beat you with a frying pan or tell us to line up and beat us all until she got tired,just because there was no one there to stop her.When I was 12, I'd had enough and balled my fist up,the #$%$ pulled a 38 and said"you want some of me?"Rot in hell emma!!!Welfare and foster homes would have much better for the 5 of us kids.

Wow. The jury convicted a female for killing a male. I'm surprised.

Sandra Layne said life for her won't be much different as long as she can watch Fox News 24/7.

Be thankful for everyday you have your children.

As usual, people are making a lot of arrogant assumptions. His parents "couldn't deal with him?" I didn't see any mention of him having legal problems or issues at school. It's more likely that he simply didn't want to leave during his senior year in high school while his parents dealt with his tragically ill sister. That's pretty normal. As for being a "drug addict," all you have to go on is the fact that her lawyer claims that the kid "had done drugs." That's hardly specific, and hardly implies an addiction, or even regular use. It could have been that he smoked a joint once, or it could be a total lie. Certainly, grandma wasn't telling the entire truth - the 911 call establishes that very well. There's no way she "felt threatened" while he was busy calling 911.I always have to wonder why people need to make things up with which to judge total strangers.

Shot 10 times in 6 minutes ... look at your watch those that support Granny ...is MURDER !

And he wasn't living with his parents why again?  Sounds like his own parents dumped him onto Grandma and she had to deal with his garbage.C-Pup

Placed too much on the 911 call. Said she never rushed out? She is 75 and what was she going to do outside? He was robbing and stealing her car. She stood her ground and how was she to know what he was going to do?The father of the boy said in an interview, the grandmother   was a thorn in his side and he never liked her.  So WHY did he leave his son with her?  I know his daughter is sick, but why leave him there.  Weren't there other relatives younger than the grandparents, or friends who he could have stayed with?   What was the grandfather doing when this happened?   I just don't understand.

17 Is not an adult people this was his grandmother his mother was her daughter.  I don't care what he was doing nothing that boy did warranted being shoot like a dog and to see his own grandmother taking his life the last thing he saw was her and that gun.  she can cry all she wants bet her grandson wish he was still able to cry.

Don't do the crime if you cant do the time.  You live by the gun and kill don't expect any pity just because your old you should know better and be wisher.  the fact she continued to shoot she was angry it was a cold blooded act it should have been first degree.

Steubenville revisited, but with a far worse ending.

10 shots, eh....What did she shoot? An AR15?

YA DON'T MESS WITH GRANNY!

She was always freaked out by the fact that he never toasted his pop tarts. Ate them straight out of the package at room temperature. Very creepy.

Buying him a plane ticket would have faired better.

I couldn't even begin to imagine murdering any one of my grandchildren I'd rather die first.

Whoa, I better start being more careful around my grandmother!Shame she wasn't a better shot and just fired ONE SHOT, right between the "running lights"!

Dear people who defended her....did you check to see if she has a brain tumor or is getting dementia?    Or some kind of aging issues that would make her not able to deal with an 87 year old husband and an 18 year old teen in the house?   People retire for a reason.   14 years is longer than some murderers get who killed their wife out of jealousy....but they never got out (the one i'm thinking of) in 7 years as his neighbors feared.   At any rate....I'm guessing her other kids would not be asking her to watch their children while they divorce and do their own thing.

#$%$. I can't even imagine such a thing, 10 shots?

This planet is becoming a weird place man.  The news just creeps me out anymore.  Then i read the onion.....

Stand Your Ground laws would have saved her from jail time if she lived in Florida.

She shot at him 10 times in a six minute period.  At some point, fear becomes murder.  You fire one volley and get out and far away from him.  You don't come back from a safe place to shoot him some more.

Mom pawns her druggy criminal son off at grandmas and he gets killed? That mom is pitiful

don't mess with granny

Why did Jennifer Hoffman leave her teenage son in the care of his grandmother,.  .her own  mother-in-law, If she believed the woman to be a monster?  The boy's father, Michael Hoffman declared this to be "a final vindication for my son".  Why didn't Michael Hoffman vindicate his own son by keeping him in his own home?  Sounds too much like grandstanding and 15 minutes of fame!  This statement after both parents neglected their own responsibility to raise their son.

Well, she'll have room, board, medical care, and plenty of company.  With her husband pushing 90 maybe this was her "assisted living" plan.Well, she'll have room, board, medical care, and plenty of company.  With her husband pushing 90 maybe this was her "assisted living" plan.

Could you deal with a druggie harassing you at that age?  I see why mom left him behind....

She can Think about it in the Slammer !

Ten shots in a six minute period. That should be the first clue it wasn't self defense.

OK, two questions. If Grandma is a monster why send him there to live? Secondly if he was such a great kid, again why send him there to live? They all sound disfunctional. Grandma got a just and fair sentence, the daughter should be on trial also.

What a travesty of justice!  Justice was hiding in the laundry room when the judgment was rendered!  The parents were negligent and wanted someone else to pay for their inability to raise their child...and...grandma  was only defending herself!  I hope these parents will pay the price of their inability to be parents.

I understand what the grandma was dealing with; a juvenile delinquent who was defiant and pigheaded coupled with a drug culture that was eating at the grandma she finally had it and let loose. I blame her defense attorney it sounds as if she was not given the chance to tell the real story. Many teens these days are different they have guns, no parents and are angry and selfish. My heart goes out to the grandma and the teen.

It's obvious most of you lamebrains didn't read or comprehend the article.  "Hoffman's parents were living in Arizona during his senior year of high school, and they had their hands full with a daughter being treated for a brain tumor."  The boy wanted to graduate with his class, and granny most likely volunteered to let him stay with her and gramps. All the evidence is against this woman unless, of course, she has dementia; such people are often delusional and violent.  However, I'm sure her attorney insisted on having her tested and if she did have dementia, he would have used that as a defense.  This woman is a "monster" and probably always was.  No teenager who takes drugs, and most do at some point, deserves being shot to death by their own grandmother.  I have no pity for her, none!

If I ever hit my Grandma, I would expect her to shoot me too. Kids today have zero respect for anything or anyone.

My mother threatens to call the cops all the time when she doesn't get her way.  Since they made laws protecting senior citizens, quite  few of them have made 911 calls yelling abuse when they didn't get their way in something.A couple of times I had gone to my son's house for a grandchild's birthday party and I spent the weekend.  When I got home, my mother called the cops and told them I broke in simply because I refused to come home when she demanded me to...funny part is I have a key since I live with her...and proved it by taking the cops into my bedroom and showing them my property (clothes, shoes, dvds, computer, stereo, etc) AND mail.Quite a few elderly take advantage of such laws and abuse the laws.This is one big mess.  Who really knows what the truth is...

I feel like theres more to this story....

I hope you NEVER see the light of day again you wretched old hag!

If it was self defense, the shooting would have ended quickly in seconds after a few shots.   The fact that the shooting took place over a lengthy 6 minute span indicates the deliberate nature of hunting down the teen, even after he ran and called 911.

It was only a very late term abortion.

This is horrible to think they did this to someone who tried to help him and he was a horrible person towards her.Why didn't they ask the parents why they sent him to her but why would they do that?I hope and pray that this will be overturned because it is just not fair not fair at all.

Hopefully the mother will OD. FREE GRANDMA!

Why didn't he leave?....hmmmmmm? He stuck around to get shot?  Who the hell does that?

That poor lady, I feel so sorry for her!!

teen , known druggy not with parent, mugging his grandma, who feared him .  not guiltyShe would have walked had I been on the jury.

Sad sad story.  What happened to these people that resulted in this outcome.

There are a million more Grannies out there who would surely do the very same thing. She did not want to be killed at his hands so she stood her ground. Guess it would have been fineif they had found her dead and the slime bag kid getting stoned on her drugs and/or moneyI am proud of her and this brats mother really is the one who should be going to jail.. Her timewill come, just wait.

Unfortunately, some people hold in their anger for so long that they explode in outrage and frustration. Probably the Grandmother was in it way too deep, she didn't communicate that to anyone, or "they" didn't "get it" and just blew. I personally know that this can happen. Not that it's an excuse, I feel sorry for the whole family.

Self-Defence only goes as far as removing the immediate threat to you. Looks like Granny decided to add a little hunting in the mix.

People need to take care of their own spawn.

let her go

Sad

let me get this straight. the grandma was a monster but they left him with her and he was a good kid but he was trying to get her money and car cause he failed a drug test and was trying to flee. hmmmm

I hope all you bleeding heart libs who think that the druggie was just a misunderstood child have a family druggie move in on you some day so you can show the WHOLE world how to rehabilitate one of the brainless idiots. I'll just bet you sit there and smile the whole time while they're stealing you blind to support their habit, or while they're beating you to death because you won't just give them what they want. Simpletons!Poor granny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Granny change your will, leave out the two parents, who claim they were BOTH needed to care for one daughter, and stuck you with bothersome son.

"He was a great kid and didn't deserve this." says the Mother who turned him over to the Grandma that killed him, as his blood contained synthetic drugs.  Yea...real peach of a son you raised there, ma!  What a tragedy for all involved.

This smells in so many ways.

Her life is over, the boys mother should have taken care of her own son no matter what else she had in her life he is her first priority , at 75 it was not easy for the Grandma, but that is no excuse for what she did.

...........I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question.--Spock, Star Trek in 'This Side of Paradise'

Another gangsta in the grave, another victim before the judge.

I werent there for the trail, but I think the grandson may have been the one in the wrong first and grandma just did what she felt she had to do, but I may be wrong, but I dont think so!!!

Gives new meaning of stop or my mom will shoot!

perhaps the first shot was not premeditated under the law, but the shots fired while he's on the phone begging for his life involved premeditation. in that she wanted to make sure he was dead.That's OK grandma, three hots and a cot is better that a smelly resthome and it's free to you.

Casey Anthony gets off and this little old lady will die behind bars for taking justice into her own hands.

Seemed pretty cut and dry to me.  When someone calls 911 because they're being shot, they generally are no longer a threat to harm you.  At that point, you can stop shooting them.  She didn't.  End-o-story.

Free Sandra Layne!

I am an old man and I have seen enough in life to know some people are good and some are mean as hell, both the old and the young.  This old lady is an evil witch.  I hope she dies in prison where she belongs.

She didn't have to kill him to save her own life.

I knew this was going to happen and didn't think it would be 1st degree.  This kid was a handful with his drugs, etc. and I believe they had an altercation.  Fear is a great motivator to do that much damage to him.  Ten gunshots with 6 hits and especially the one while on 911 was the clincher.  She brought him into her home to help him and killed him.  There are no winners here, but in the end I see Grandma as the victim.

The dead kid was bad news. Check out the ABC video report. I hope she gets probation and no jail time.

seems like a revenge killing. angry at her daughter, who left this difficult 17yr old with an old fart of a grandma. she got what's coming because she deep down thinks she is still right.

if only there were more guns, more people had guns, guns were more powerful, cheaper and easier to get and above all less regulated this type of thing wouldn't happen so often.A pistol-packin' grandma . . . sounds like the kind who would make you an apple pie laced with strychnine.

Everyone has met nasty cantankerous grandmas &amp; grandpas so this is not a surprise.

You want to see who the psychos are? Practically everyone here. All this time, and even now after the verdict think the kid got what he had coming. The facts are they found no evidence of her being hit, she shot the grandson multiple times while he begged for his life to 9/11, then she went outside and told the police that she murdered her grandson.

Make my day grandmother ....you think she could have winged him...or maybe called the cops ...noooo plug the guy six times.....maybe NYPD will hire her

Was this kid really a drug addict?  What evidence of this fact was presented in court?  And even if he were an addict, was he under the influence of anything at the time the woman killed him?  If he had the presence of mind to know he was hurt and to call 911, I doubt that he was taking anything at the time he was killed.

A free room,meals,medial, no copay, no insurance misbilling to protest, dental services, free burial. An dates!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lucky B----------

Granny, git yer gun, stand yer ground!

If your mother such a monster. Y would u send your child. To her home yeah think about that system

You reap what you sow...

If the parents loved their addict son why was he with the grandmother;They also was scared of him.The grand mother should not serve a day in jail.This is why we all have to master the ability to say NO.

If this 75 year-old woman hadn't been housing a troublesome teen with a drug habit and bad friends, none of this would have happened. The parents bear much of the responsibility for this.

If he was such a good kid Mom, why didn't he live with you?

Since the Grandma used a gun and took the law into her own hands, the jury's verdict was correct.

The daughter is hating her mother for killing her son, then why didn't take responsiblity for her own son. Instead of burdening her mother?  No excuse for murder, but only she knew what she was going thru at that moment.

can not the judge over turn this.  what were the jurors thinking.

What a double standard we live by these days. I don't know about this woman's situation, but it's interesting that parents have to be careful of their response to their children behavior, but the 'Cops Can Kill Them." Hmmmmmmm.

A good son would have been helping the parents with the ill sister (at least in my house that is what would have occurred).

Free Granny.

The parents say they had their hands full with their daughter, so they just threw away their son to the side. Why?  Did they know his outcome would come to this?  They said Grandma deserves and should go to prison, she was a monster.  Why did they allow their son to go there and live?  This Grandparent should should never have been put in this situation, taking care of her Grandson.  She took him in out of love, did the parents let him go out of love?  NO!  They just couldn't cope with him anymore.  The parents gave up on him and I feel they new this child was either going to get killed or overdose.  I believe the parents are just as liable for the outcome of this child's death.  Take care of your own children, even if it is hard.  I pray for the Grandmother  and Grandson...not the parents.  It saddens me that parents will give their children up, because of being unable to cope.  They were wrong period!You shoot someone and they are bleeding.  You then leave only to come back and shoot some more?  There is no way this woman could have been in fear for her life WHEN SHE CAME BACK TO SHOOT THE GUN SOME MORE.  These jurors are idiots if they cannot see this as 1st degree murder.

When is protecting ones self a crime? The elderly as well as the young should have our complete protection. If you terrorize someone, you pay the price.

Punk wont be strong arming any more grandmothers.

She saved the world from such a great kid.  If he was such a great kid, then why was he a burden to his mother...?

Getter  Done ....granny

His parents are losers. They had no idea how this kid was since they deserted him probably because he was a horrible kid.

I know they said the parents were busy taking care of a child with a brain tumor, but if granny was "such a monster" why did they have their kid living with her? Take care of your own kids or don't complain about the consequences!

Grandma probably did get hit by that punk grandson. I side with her.

This youngster had no respect for the law for his parents and grandparents. The ones who should be ashamed  are the jury foreman and peers.

Why wasn't he with his parents, or was he too much trouble for them? They dump him on an old lady and then want to blame her.Why wasn't he with his parents, or was he too much trouble for them? They dump him on an old lady and then want to blame her.

Cold bloodied killer!  Old she devil. Mean and wicked old woman.

Grandma should have just run out of the home and called the police, and then told her daughter to come get her wretched son. Sometimes guns are just too easy when tempers flare.

It's evident via the earlier 911 tapes, that she had reached her limits with this kid and snapped!!.  He was a problem child and she didn't have the skill set or the support to raise him.  God Bless her and I hope she can get an appeal started soon.

At this point all I can say is I support the verdict.  It is too bad that someone - this woman, her husband, her grandson, her daughter didn't see the stress having this young man in her house was placing her under.Although she raised children in the past, suddenly after many years having a teenager placed in your home under your supervision would be a challenge for anyone.  IF, that teenager has problems, as this young man appeared to have, some type of support system for the boy  and grandparents was needed.HOW do we start seeing these situations coming in order to prevent more deaths?  There must be a way to intervene to stop the slaughter.

Well, if his Mother and, Father thought so much of that "Druggie" then why was he not living with either one of them?  Something stinks here and, it's not "Grannie."  Monster?  No.

I'm tired of hearing about how murderers (and more often than not, murderesses) are "suffering" and how they've been "punished enough" because of "continual grief and regret." Tough s___.

I remember when she got arrested. She deserves what she gets. Grandma or no. She murdered him after he was down.

Hang Granny high, I am sick of liberal do-gooders making excusing for garbage like this.

I wanted him to pay attention to me. He had to listen. It wasn't a conversation. It was arguing. Swearing," Layne said in tearful testimony last week, explaining why she pulled out a gun. Well granny after shooting at him 10 times over 6 minutes while he was on the phone to 911 ,you must of got his attention before you neglected to call an ambulance . And everyone jumping on the drug conclusion . Maybe it was just pot which does not make you violent like alcohol or other drugs but you choose to make your own judgement . And no violent history and no mention of long term drug use but again you make your own judgement again . And the parents , if you were literate enough to read , were in Arizona caring for his sister with a brain tumor . So you choose to judge them as bad parent . It also mentioned that he was left with granny to finish his senior year in high school for you judgemental folks that want to accuse his parents of sending him off to poor old granny . If he was finishing school he may not of been the out of control druggie that so many of you self righteous are trying to portray him as.  And she was not shooting out of fear . She stopped and resumed after he called 911 . Granny just may be as guilty as Arias is in the murder of her boyfriend . 6 shots is overkill and upon examination they found no evidence of granny being struck or no history of violence between the  two . So for those jumping to granny's defense , get a grown up with reading comprehension to read and explain it in small words you can understand .A 75 year old lady verses a defiant male teenager isn't level ground. She did what she had to do. When in harms way things do go haywire and I believe that to be the case in this situation.

Evil knows no limit.  Age was never a barrier.

You don't blow someone away because they flunked a drug test grandma!

The kids mother should be sent to jail for being an idiot.

Those wonderfull little angels called grandkids.  Then they grow into teenagers who know everthing but are dumb as dirt and turn into devils.  To make matters worse, the parents don't have time for them.  It could have been grandma lying on a slab cold.  It does happen to often.  So sad.

This whole family sounds pretty dysfunctional to me,  Grandma shooting over and over again, drug addict grandson begging for help to 911 operator,  parents had Grandma raising said drug addict and glad Grandma is going to prison, saying she’s a “monster”..  Does any of this make sense?

6 shots  isn't unreasonable.  Arthritis of the itchy tringer fingers. I rest my case your honor.

all you people hating on the parents are the same fools who thought the steubenville verdict was a tragedy.

Jeez, what kind of drug test did he fail that he had to flee the state?

i hope granny spends the rest of her life in prison.If he was a great kid &amp; you were a great mother, what was he doing living with grandma?

The law is applied by 12 people who couldn't find an excuse to get out of jury duty, or didn't have something better to do. If you have to face the law you're screwed.

Another armed citizen story that The American Rifleman will not cover.

Can they even have guns in Michigan?

Rotten kids come from rotten parenting. Maybe parents should keep the hooligan children on a short lease until they can prove themselves to be civil. I for one would never have argued with my grandmother, just to disrespectful.

Seems the son got the "case of making bad choices" from his mother. Many families care for children with disabilities as well as their other children and do not dump them on elderly grandparents. Also, if the grandmother was such a monster, why would you leave your son there? Why was he not in a rehabilitation center or program for teens? I think there should be some accountability on the parents' part as well.

When grandma says take out the trash you best take out the trash

These lyings sacks of c$AP parents who say "little Johnny was a great son!!!" Well, if the star wonder was so great, why wasn't he living with them??? Huh? huh? He was out of control and they put him with the grandmother! Yes, she over reacted and was afraid for her life! a 76 year old should never had had this punk with her to begin with! DRUGS! The grandmother could not cope! BLAME the parents! The parents did not want to lose their lives with their darling son, so they sent him to grannie so she could be killed!!! Did not work that way.

I hope the members of this jury can sleep tonight. I just pray that all get a taste of being responsible for a kid that the parents don't want. And being to old to cope with it. Just remember what goes around comes back around. God help you rotten jurors.

Wow.  While I do agree that the grandma performed literal overkill, I also think the grandson was obviously no saint if he failed a drug test and was threatening her for money etc.  Earlier accounts also listed him as a "troubled teen", etc.  I have great sympathy for the parents in dealing with their daughter's medical condition, but they also had a son with some serious issues that needed their attention as well.  Even if grandma volunteered to help, there is no way she could know what she was getting into.  But they did.  I wouldn't ask my own parents to keep my NON-violent 6 year for more than 4-5 hours when my other son was in the hospital because I realized it was just too much for them.All I can say after this verdict is if Jodi Arias now walks on a self-defense plea I'm moving to Iceland.Dont worry ole Granny will die of a stroke before she spends 6 months in  the pokie

this lady seemed like a mild mannered person, but she snapped. It sounds like voluntary manslaughter but I don't know.  I can't believe the parents of the kid weren't a little bit more sympathetic to the mother who was helping them to raise their son.  The question is, if they thought she was such a bad person, why did they live their kid with her!!!huh!!??

I can see the charge simply because she shot him multiple times. She didn't shoot him one time to knock him down; she shot him until he was dead and did not even seem to care after the fact that he was dead. However, his mother has no room to speak. A 75-year-old grandmother should not have to raise a teenager. That's the job of the parents. If the mother was responsible and raised her own son, this would not have happened. He had also failed a drug test. We're not told what he tested positive for, but it could very well be that the grandmother did feel like she was in harm's way while arguing with him. That's no excuse for shooting him until he was dead, though.

So parents left the kid with grandma- he had a drug problem? I think his parents are partly to blame for this mess too.  Sad but the family is ruined.

Outlaw grandma if she owns a gun

will the lifeboats be seated according to class?

Ah yes, the "Jodi Arias Defense", committing first degree murder in "self-defense".

Look, it's simple, grandma called 911 and the operator asked if she was sure he was dead....she said "hold on".....bang, bang, bang!   He is now operator, what's next?

If he was such a great kid,,,,how cing ome he was not at home helping with his sister,,,?

Grams did the right thing...the teen was probably disrespectful and he ended up getting his old school style.The senior citizen just lost herself.   She was scared witless, literally and utterly witless, she couldn't hold her temper she just had to shoot her grandson 10 times.The kid must have provoked her so much she totally lost control.  It may have been really self-defense.There are documented cases where people who are so lost in fear for themselves (and others) they totally lose it.

they need to shake that entire family tree.. hard.

I believe the real "monster" in this story was shot to death.

Note that West Bloomfield Twp is an upper-class semi-rural neighborhood far from Detroit. Yes, details are missing, like prior altercations, what the drug test was in connection with, etc. Elderly grandparents saddled with a druggy teenager, boy abandoned by his family (in his mind). I suspect that the teen pushed one too many buttons and granny snapped. Tragic any way you look at it. Grandma no more a monster than junior was an angel. Btw, the parents probably came to AZ with daughter because the world's leading neurological institute is there.

I truly believe in BAD SEEDS.

Im sorry but the judge or judges and yahoo jury  in this case are total morons and idiots for sending a 74 yo woman --who up till then was a peaceful little old lady ready to meet her maker--, to jail

I have my hunches that in fact the grandson was abusing and slapping around the old lady for her spending cash that he may have wanted every so often and the old lady finally got up enough strength and nerve to shoot the sob down- many kids are jackasses and totally disrespectful to parents and family members nowadays

GRANDMA------DEAREST-----   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Sad to say but it sounds to me like the kid got what he deserved.

let's see, hmmm,  A 75 YEAR OLD GRANDMA. AND A 17 YEAR OLD KID ON DRUGS THAT WANTS TO HIT HER AND ARGUE....."A GUN SEEMS LIKE A GOOD EQUALIZER'. OR "HOW ABOUT A REAL PARENT DOING THEIR JOB ...RAISING THEIR OWN DRUG ADDICT KID" ??People using guns -- millions of casualties.People using only marijuana --  zero casualties.That' s current stats.

Free Granny.

This is a disgrace.  Of course Sandra Layne didn't want to harm her grandson; she had been doing her best to help him, despite his obvious abuse of her.  She acted out of fear.  And her hypocritical daughter, Jennifer, better look in the mirror--she bears a great deal of responsiblity for the way her son was living his life and ultimately for his death.  She should apologize to her mother for placing her in this position with her out-of-control son; Jennifer obviously didn't want to raise him.  Sandra Layne is the victim.

Parents fault100%. Don't dump your problem child off on gramdma. Guess they couldn't keep him out of  jail..

The parents think their son was so wonderful. The number of troubled kids today are the result of parents that give their children everything but supervision, discipline and moral values. The kid was a rotten little punk who was buddies with the boy who killed his dad and beat up his mother and brother. They all were getting high on k2.

Torrow's headline: Grannny received a life sentence which promptly lasted 15 minutes lol.

Little gangsta just wanted some librari mony.

Aterrified old woman against a drugged out grandson sounds like parents gave up on him  and left granny holding the bag.

If he was a saint of a kid, why didn't mommy and daddy have custody of him, yeah yeah yeah he was so precious. Parent your own freaks of nature and take responsibilty for the #$%$.

Give her a Blue Ribbon and send her home.Ten shots indicates anger and not calling an ambulance to care for him indicated lack of concern and that she wanted him to die.  Have gun, will kill., isn't that the point to having a gun?

Another frightened and so called resposable gun owner, she will never get over what she has done and it didn't have to be this way.I bet she bought her gun the legal way don't you.

How many times have we heard the old "he was a good boy" routine?  Parents dumping their out of control offspring on elderly parents is part of the problem with this generation of throw away kids and the result is usually murdered grandparents.  This old gal decided not to be a victim.

That been my grandmother trial wouldn't be an option !

If you're going to claim self defense, you need to stop shooting some time in the first couple minutes. It looks especially bad if you continue to shoot when you're victim is on the phone with the 911 operator.

She didn't have a mark on her.10 shots ? 6 hit him.The kid has been shot and is calling for help and she shoots him again. Thebitchshould be on death row.

This is sad. Obviously, the boy terrorized her over a long period of time.

Once upon a time bringing bad grades from home was My fault... not the teachers.  Enableing our children is to bring us to our failed society is those children's doom...

Mother said "He was a great Kid"  Is she fricking kidding.  A drug addict who hit his grand mother over money, and wanted to skip out of town???  This mother raised a loser monster/kid like that... and calls him "great".  The mother needs to go to jail.  Lets imagine what happends if the granny didn't shoot this punk.  He will most likely shoot somebody else (Granny) later on.  It was snipped in the bud.

So glad this monster killer was found guility and will be punished. It was murder for sure. No doubt about it. I looked at the boys picture and saw a sweet sincere face. A sweet innocence kid. RIP sweet boy.Mental illness and drug addiction are not necessarily the fault of a grandmother who helps.  No 75-year-old should have to deal with the behaviors accompanying mental illness and drug addiction.  That she did not complain could relate to her not wanting to reflect badly on the boy.  When the judge, prosecution, each member of the jury, and each member of the legislature becomes heavily invested in dealing with a close family member who is mentally ill and or drug addicted, then maybe we'll start seeing some progress in the services available for such people.  Services for such people are fraught with Catch22s, cracks through which people slip, and responsibilities are dumped on family members that should never be handed over to family members.How is it that members of our society can pay the kind of money they pay for entertainment &amp; sports, but when it comes to supporting jobs in the areas of caregiving and services to rehabilitate people, people turn their backs?!!  Then they want the results reflective of a heavy investment that was never made.  Throw education into this picture under the umbrella of that comment.It's noteworthy that when tragedies such as Newtown, Conn. take place, people are up in arms about "What did the family do to prevent this?"!!   Yet, when advocates for mental illness/ behavior illnesses / drug addiction speak out, there is very little support or comprehension of the role society is playing in this problem.This woman was trying to help.  The justice system works against supporting because consequences are so harsh (and geared toward punishment rather than treatment) for an addict's failing to stop doing what defines addicts as addicts, that families cannot be quick to rely on the justice system.  In doing so, sometimes treatment is denied.  Jail is not a great rehab facility in most cases.This post is a take-off on this topic, and possibly may not fit the Michigan case point for point.  However, I am sure that there are other families of the mentally ill, etc.  who are devastated by this decision.  I thought Michigan was more forward thinking.

"No one heard what the grandson said to his grandma prior to the shootng! " "He was a drug aboser!" "He hit her! "  The grandma was probably afraid for her life!"  " Most likely he promised to do more than that, if he didn't get the money! "

Before it got to murder, why didn't this woman tell the parents to get him the h--- out of the house.

So many "righteous " christians posting here.. all trashing the dead kids parents- just being a righteous christian disqualifies all of you from passing judgement.. Jesus said- "Judge ye not".. etc etc. how convenient of a time to forget the new testament- amen lord jesus.

Sounds to me like the entire family should be shot, he was such a good boy he could not live at home with his'parents....

she doesnt look like she can go for another 14 years

See how much good calling 911 does?

It was simply built up rage on the part of his GrandMother.  Yes she killed him but she was taunted her for a long time and she was afraid for her life.

How are they coming up with 14 years?  That's too light.

It was her 2nd Ammendment Right To Shoot Him 10 Times. NO????????????Not only did this sweet little moron punch his grandmother around he punched his parents around, why do you think he was living with Grandma?????  Thanks Grandma for riding the world of a #$%$ loser, I feel sorry for you because you raised your children and should never be forced to raised your grandchild only because the parents were afraid and did not want to be bothered. Your children are self centered #$%$ willing to trade your life for theirs.......  Your grandson should still be beating the #$%$ out of his coward parents...

GRANNY GONNA DIE IN PRISON------GOOD BYE---   !!!!!!!!!!!!

Its no longer self defense when you keep shooting as the alleged attacker is calling 911. The idea that his woman had some "right" to kill him because of previous attacks is baloney. If the kid was that bad she should have kicked him out.She got what she deserved.

You want to see who the psychos are? Practically everyone here. All this time, and even now after the verdict think the kid got what he had coming. The facts are they found no evidence of her being hit, she shot the grandson multiple times while he begged for his life to 9/11, then she went outside and told the police that she murdered her grandson.

People  dont  get it   she  fired   10 round hit him   6 time   in  6 min that is  cold  blooded murder plain and simple  that is  not self defence

and before somebody says "it ain't the gun, she could have killed him with a wet tube sock" let me point out that any sane person would rather take their chances up against a crazy granny with a wet tube sock than a crazy granny with a high capacity gun.

I tried to tell everyone the another night,they needed to listen to the 911 call. I found it online and listened to it and knew she was guilty of murder. Everyone else was screaming to let Grandma GO!  Well, she's going to jail where she belongs. God help her when the day comes when she dies.

"I wanted him to pay attention to me. He had to listen. It wasn't a conversation. It was arguing. Swearing,"  That sounds like he disrespected her and she wasn't going to allow that.

What kinda man or kid yells and swears and demands money from their 75 year old gma. I don't care in glad he is dead. One less evil person to deal with. f him!!

I really don't care why the kid was with his grandmother or if he was using drugs. The woman shot the kid 6 times as HE was pleading for help, there was no evidence that she was being attacked, no injuries to herself, nor did she call for an ambulance for him. She's a cold blooded killer and deserves to die in prison.I really don't care why the kid was with his grandmother or if he was using drugs. The woman shot the kid 6 times as HE was pleading for help, there was no evidence that she was being attacked, no injuries to herself, nor did she call for an ambulance for him. She's a cold blooded killer and deserves to die in prison.

No matter of the kid had it coming, shoot your own grand kid 6 x..... that's like hitting a deer then bqcking your car over it 6 times lmfao

The parents of this boy are a complete sham!  First of all they hate each oher and dont want any responsibility for raising a teenage boy who was troubled because he had #$%$ for parents!  Mybe if she had spent some of her money on getting this boy help for his drug problem instead of spending it on her obvious plastic surgery, this young man would still be alive!    I feel bad for the Grandma!  She is paying the price for her stupid bozo daughter's ignorance.  BTW, the Dad sounds like a complete irresponsible #$%$ too!

Anyone who calls her evil should also seek out the story of the Grandson, until you live with an addict or a violent person you really do not know how you will react and how freightening a person can be.  She should probably be found guilty but in her past is there any indication of violence.  There is a deeper reason to her shooting her Grandson.

This Is #$%$ Up To Me And The Parents Of The Boy Should Be Charged With Negligence For Pawning Him Off To The Grandmother. If They Couldn't Handle Him What Makes Them Think A 70D Year Old Woman Can .This Os #$%$.

she may have been afraid of him,but not imminetly so...if he was using her home for parties and she could not control him she may have felt exasperated..but to end a life of only 17 yrs over a 6min period of time..sit for 6 min it takes for ever(well about 6 min)a very, very long time and to  fire 10 shots...nothing in self def can account for that time frame...why not leave,when he was incapacitated...it is almost like she is saying i was trying to convince him of whatever with each bullet and when he reacted differantly than she liked she shot again???and of course once again we have a dead kid because the adults decided that it was safer to have a loaded gun in the house than not to...you will never be able to convince me/// statistically having a gun is not a good thing..there are times when it might be a good idea,but just as a "in case i need it" never works out in the stats..there are cases when a gun was useful,but when you apply the numbers it is always more dangerous..again  simply facts...sad, sorry ,simple facts....but it is america if you want one go ahead and run the #'s yourself...lastly all these people saying the mom was wrong to have him there...we simply don't know the whole story..this is a very small article..it tells us very little..people are assuming he was on drugs and then went to granma,we don't know that?  also the family was having devastating problems already,we cant; judge,only address the few facts we have...

At 75, this woman had led a full life in freedom, and won't live much longer in prison probably.Meanwhile, there's a 17yr old boy lying cold &amp; dead in the ground.None of this is fair.

I hope her lawyers file for an appeal.

Shot 6 times and it was self defense? Sounds like Jodi Arias' defense in Arizona.

I can't believe the comments made by Jonathen's parents - this is a tragedy for the whole family.  The parents should have know there were problems and taken the responsibility for their son - not leaving him with the older grandparents.  Since this was not the first time the young man displayed bad behavior, I would have to believe the Grandmother was afraid of him.  Fear is a terrible thing to control.  The whole thing is a tragedy particularly for the Grandma and Grandpa.I can't believe the comments made by Jonathen's parents - this is a tragedy for the whole family.  The parents should have know there were problems and taken the responsibility for their son - not leaving him with the older grandparents.  Since this was not the first time the young man displayed bad behavior, I would have to believe the Grandmother was afraid of him.  Fear is a terrible thing to control.  The whole thing is a tragedy particularly for the Grandma and Grandpa.

This will work out good for the kid's parents. They got rid of the pesky kid that they dumped in the old ladies lap and now they get to cash in on the sale of her West Bloomfield home. Somebody just hit the jack pot.

And why wasn't he living with his mother? Who probably could handle/take care of a 17 yr old better than a 75 yr old woman.

So apparently the kid was dialing 911 pleading for help with one hand, while beating up his grandmother with the other?  Serioiusly folks, I know that, for some of you, there is never a question about defending anyone who owns and uses a gun, but.....come on.

At 75 years old, why prison ?  Take her gun away, call her a felon and stick an ancle bracelet on her. Why pay to keep her in jail, just confine her to home.

Why the parents not raise him if he was so great.

My granny would put five dollars in my birthday cards, nowadays they put five bullets in yo' #$%$.

Sorry, folks, but this would not have happened if she hadn't HAD a gun.  While I support the legal right to that choice, I will NEVER understand it.  It doesn't matter how messed up the teen was, he did NOT deserve 10 gun shots.

You mean they convicted a woman? No, that can't happen according to the democrats women don't commit crimes.

The only thing this grandma did wrong was  &gt; she didn't put two rounds in his chest first and followed it up with two rounds to head shot !  So if she killed him in the first encounter before he got a second wind she would have been inocent ? Why  &gt; he was still a threat and he would have come back for her later . She did nothing wrong !There are no victims in this story.  The grandmother literally executed a human being who was helpless and bleeding to death.  That isn't self defense.  It's murder.

Sounds like fantastic parents pawning off their stupid problem child to live with Grandma so they can wash their hands of any future problems. I bet they blame her for their kid being an addict.If the kid's mom thought the grandma was such a monster then why was "mom" not there to raise and protect her child?????

I guess this bursts old beliefs that old age always brings wisdom, quite often it brings dangerous violence of old people maybe because they feel have not recieved the respect they deserve. But it is still murder even if she has a frail mind.

While it is tragic, it is also a blessing in disguise as she got rid of just another #$%$ bag who  might have gone on to hurt others. Good riddance.

I would have been the juror who caused a hung jury.  The number of times she shot him could just as well be an indication of the fear she had of him.

Murderer:(

She had already CLEARED HERSELF by claiming self-defense, so why was there a trial?

I'm glad shes put away too,put away&amp;forgotten,goodbye murderer,enjoy your new friends

I see most of you are asking the same questions I asked myself. Why was this teenager (drug using) left with his Granmother. These parents are accusing Granny of killing their son, yet they take no responsibility.Seems to me there should be charges against the parents also.

♫ Grandma 's got a gun... ♫Boy Granny Gumms. You sure picked a #$%$ up way to spend the rest of your life.

Must be Bushes fault...

Man, I wouldve dove through the glass out of a window like a stunt man from that grandma.

With the mess this this world is in, the parents are as much to blame for this tragity. Drugs are ruining this country.

Wow, people are defending this murdering woman and blaming the kid for being killed? That's totally f'd up.

tragic . I'm going to be a grand pa some day Lord willing. I raised a good son ,he's made wise decisions been upright responsible growing up.Had a few scuffs here and there but it wasn't any thing he couldn't fix. He's now 24 ,still living at here at home helping with the finances and in return getting helped. We get in squabbles now and again but I respect him and He respects me. He will make a fine husband and Dad. We been through a lot and I could never see myself pointing a weapon at him or his child at any time. But this woman shot her grandson 6 times . For Pete's sake why didn't she just ask him to leave?

This is ridiculous. Jennifer Hoffman, the mother, is the one who should be going to jail. Her Mom was just trying to protect herself from this monster kid she spit out and then abandoned for her Mother to deal with. Ms. Layne apparently had a really lousy defense attorney and was up against one of those prosecuting attornies who want to chalk up a "win" no matter what. Doesn't care about the truth or justice, just the "win" is all that counts,

This family has gone through enough, a daughter with a brain tumor and the death of their Son!!!  Not to mention the grandmother was the person who murdered their Son!!!!!

Obummer to ban grandmothers.

I can not understand why parents think their parents can straighten out their troubled children. If he was such a good kid he should have been home with the parents. I understand you have another child that is sick but this is a 17 year old he can take care of himself. Why send him to grandmas house. The parents are trying to pass judgement on granny but the real people responsible are them. If the kid had been home with them this tradgic incident never would have happen.Sad story all around

All I know is the parents had theyhands full with they son he on drugs and disrespectful he hit his grandmom she was scared he woulldnt listen he was disrespectful this grandmom was truely scared and tired and her own children disrespected her too they couldn't handle they son how they think grandmom can she is old and tried wow y'all locked up a grandmom and she was ccrying for help too on that 911 call wow the system is wroong as usual I pray god help this grandmom this is happening a lot. Kids abusing their parents or grandparents hitting them and not listening they should of put him in boot camp not grandmom home l believe the grandmom. They son needed help counceling and boot camp not thrown on grandmom. Now he dead and grandmom locked up all this could of been prevented. Parents get on your job having kids putn them on your parents is wrong grow up get counceling and help instead of dumping your children somewhere your children need your love and help not thrown in the streets

At least she won't have to worry about getting screwed by Obummercare when she needs healthcare.

I never talked back to my grandmother!

Well their are alot of people that has a sick child and they still manage to raise their other children apparently he was a handful and they couldn't handle it and push the problem child onto their elderly parents if he flunked a drug test apparently he had a drug problem and lets face it druggies can be very violent if I was on this jury we would of had a hung jury because I would of never convicted her the biological parents are the guilty ones putting the druggie son off onto their elderly parents

"We can't do anything that she hasn't already done to herself".  Oh, yes, they can.

Great news. Wonderful news. It's bye bye birdie to this murderous grandma. FRY!

Thank you G'Mother for eliminating one problem for society..The parent's should be put in jail for heaping him upon theG'mother and society.. Good work G'mother...Live out yourlife with no regrets..You did us all a favor..Now , send meyour address so i can send you money for smokes anda Christmas Card.....

grandmother phucker.

How tragic, two lives lost.At least let her make out a will and donate her organs as she will not last long in prison

I think the kid was quite possibly a POS. Funny how mom &amp; dad couldn't be bothered to hold up their responsibility and raise the punk. Grandma is guilty of giving that little creep a roof and he repaid her by hitting her and bringing drugs and strangers into her house. There's no justice here.

Is it just me or did Yahoo go back to their previous home page? Finally!!

What she did to her grandson is so evil that the only explanation is she has some form of senile dementia.

What I think is the grandmother had a history of abusing her own kids and she couldn't handle the fact that her grandson had the gall to stand up for himself instead of cowering like her own children did and she shot him. That's probably why her own daughter called her a "monster". As for sending the boy to live with her, she might have reasoned that as old as she was, she may have mellowed out over the years.

I'm sorry but I don't believe her. If it was in self-defense then she wouldn't have shot him while he was on the phone to 911. Evil b*tch.

Do you know why? they are Called jail.."Birds" cause all those Fairy's locked up in there are flapping thier wings

The parents could not handle the addicted jerk either, so now the crocodile tears. I bet you they waste no time trying to steal all of granny's assets.

I wouldn't let my nephew near my elderly parents, former drug user, liar and thief.The parents should be doing time, not the grandmother. If you can't control your kids, don't have them! Exactly what I told my own family.

I don't feel no sympathy for the parents of this teen. If anything I feel sorry for this lady that has to spend the last days of her life in jail because she was left to do the dirty work, which was to raise her grandson, that the parents obviously didn't want. More parents need to step up to the plate and be parents instead of dumping their kids on their parents and expecting them to raise them. The world we live in is in shambles and it will only get worst if people don't start taking personal responsibility for their actionsG-mother is Not Guilty, the kid was a wacko on drugs going to jail the next day, plus that his parents dumped him on her! Judge should give her probation. The #$%$-wipes from Oakland County D.A.s office wasted too much time &amp; money on this case..

Shame, Shame, Shame Jury!!!  Rot in Hell Jury!!!  Devil Jury Did Not Get It!!!1. Druggie grandson was not wanted by parents and dumped on Grannie!!!2. Jurors should have checked if Grannie got support pay and how much for Druggie!!!3.  Defense attorney should have brought Druggie's Drug Friends in to question whowas running house and beating up the grandparents!!!  YES DRUGGIE DID4. Only, when Grannie's peaceful home and person was being destroyed by Druggie, didshe kill him after asking him to leave many times!!!5.  YES JURY, ILLEGAL DRUGS DESTROY &amp; ILLEGAL DRUGS ALWAYS DESTROY6.  After the son is dead, The DEFECATED PARENTS COME, OH, HE WAS THE BEST!!!

If I hear the term sweet old lady one more time I'm going to puke. There are billions of sheyittie people in this world. They get old; that doesn't mean they get sweet.

It doesn't matter what the "facts" are regarding why he was living with grandma. The fact that she continued to shoot him while he was on the phone with 911 trying to get help speaks volumes. This old lady "lost it" and deserves what ever time she gets.  This is a plain and simple case of murder.

They ought to deputize that granny and have her clean up the streets of Detroit with that gun of hers.....

People are getting the wrong idea about what self-defense means. Zimmerman, Jodi Arias and now this lady. You can't chase after someone then claim self-defense.

the mother was too busy with her daughter to take care of the son. He was 17, so should have been quite capable of feeding and clothing himself as they care for the brain tumored daughter...sounds like his parents were just toooooo LAZY to accept responsibility.The parents are even MORE GUILTY for their sons death than the grandmother is. Mother should have kept her legs closed if she couldn't handle he responsibility of raising a child into adulthood. Many parents deal successfully with multiple kids with issues, why were these parents different...?? LAZY

Looks like prison for Granny. Yay. Sure hope she doesn't like it.

Dont mess with seniors!

If,you have never had a druggy,in your home,trying to help them,over&amp;over&amp;over&amp;over&amp;over the fighting,trying to talk reason,threats over&amp;over&amp;over&amp;over...be glad be quiet......guess what their back needs help all better promise will listen no threats no old friends...hey it's the weekend..........do you think the gangs will let her join up?I bet that murderer is sold the second she steps foot in the yard:(...enjoy your new home convict:(

It was clearly her playing the video games that made her do it.She had been a law abiding citizen until now right?When does she get the "Stand you ground" medal since it was "Self Defense"?

The real irony of this situation is that Granny probably saved Moms life by getting rid of this little monster addict.

Oh my God!  This is so beyond sad and unbelievable. How in the world could a "grandmother" do this?  She is evil.  My heart and prayers go out to the parents.  Having the heartache of a child with a brain tumor and now their son was murdered in cold blood by the grandmother!  Makes one wonder if she has killed before......

Where is the obligatory 1st Grade photo of the victim?  Short of being a cold blooded psychopath (not demonstrated here), there is CLEARLY something missing here.  WHAT led up to this? Threats of bodily harm? Acts of teenage rage? Actual violence against Grandma? And where was Grandpa in all this?LOTS of questions that I have no answers to, EXCEPT ONE:1. These things never happen in a vacuum.

Wow i feel the jury really made a terrible decision here and what right does the kid parents have to make a judgement against their parents for stepping up and trying to help and raised this child when they were to busy to try and raised their own child apparently the kid wasn't so great it they didnt or would step to the plate to raise their own child feel bad for the grandmother

I know i wasn't privy to all the facts here but it seems there was much more to him staying woth grandma in the first place. Just because there was no injury this time doesn't mean in the past the boy hadn't left marks or visable injuries. Its strange for me to believe even if she had been some sorta monster her daughter claimed that the boy would even be living with her.When a mother and father are going thru what they were about the daughter, I would have a lot of doubts about their perception with anything that was going on. At Grandma's age she may have been growing absent minded about reality. Funny no one check or mentioned it. Maybe there was no money for it or they wouldn't gamble on it.Clearly this family was dealing with a life filled with alot of emotional damage going on. My prayers for all of them, including grandma.

sOUNDS LIKE THAT KID WAS ONE ROYAL PAIN IN THE #$%$. tHE PARENTS SHOULD HAVE DEALT W/ THERE SON, BECAUSE OF HIS BEING A ''PROBLEM''. THEY SHOULDN'T HAVE GIVEN THIS ''GREEF'' TO A GRANDMOTHER TO DEAL WITH.  IF HE WAS THAT MEAN, HE HAD IT COMMING. YET HER DAUGHTER STICKS UP FOR HER ''PROBLEM'' DRUGGIE SON. PUT THE ''MADKID'' IN REHAB, DON'T EXPECT A GRANDMOTHER TO PUT HERSELF IN HARMS WAY. HE NEEDED COUNSELING &amp; REHAB. THAT ISN'T A GRANDMOTHERS JOB, IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN LEFT TO PROFESSIONALS.

People get upset at their kids and grand kids but the answer to a disagreement is not shooting a kid.  She's in her 70s and should have more control then that.  If not, then she should be in a home.

Free Granny.I'm willing to bet his pants were NOT pulled up all the way.  That drives grandmothers INSANE!

She was the victim of a teen that was out of control, and his parents who very conveniently, put that grandmother in a very difficult position.  It seems to me these grandparents were mistreated by everybody before.  Now she is the "monster"

the true criminals are the despicable 'parents' who send their druggy p  o  s  to live with grandma because they were tired of his #$%$grandma defends herself, or just couldn't take any ore of its #$%$ either, and now they look to cash in by claiming 'he was such a good boy - she took our precious angel away from us'they're booking appearances on oprah and the view as we speak

I am the only one who feel sorry for granny also the grandson but granny was old and got fed up so sad should have sent him back to parents before this tragedy.God be with granny and have mercy on grandson.

Anyone who could shoot a family member 6 times, and then claim self defence. Needs to be locked up.. Lying old Women can be Monsters!!!!

wish I was on the jury because we would of had a hung jury she should not go to jail

I feel sorry for the 75 year old granny.   Having to bring up a teenager, on drugs, who is disrespectful and hits her, is too much.  Why did Jonathan's parents dump him on her?  Why?  They couldn't handle him either.  I feel the parents should also go to jail for dumping a juvenile deliquent on a 75 year old woman.  I am sure Jonathan did lots more to hit and abuse his granny, but because she loved him, never reported anything to authorities.  But this time, she lost it.  Shame on his parents for dumping him on her.

The Mother and Dad were saying what a good boy he was. didn't they ship him to granny because they couldn't do their job as parents? Lets get the little $#@% out of our hair and ship him off to his granny's. Well if you would have done your job granny didn't have the kid you did but things get a little rough so off he goes.

Granny Beverly Hillbilly!

A family tragedy played out on a national stage.  More pain and regrets than what anyone should be asked to endure.A family tragedy played out on a national stage.  More pain and regrets than what anyone should be asked to endure.

again a great kid....geez... vindication for your son would've been for to raise him and teach him right from wrong. sir!!!

Sad.  I feel for the family, all the way from the Grandmother, to the Father &amp; Mother and terminal sister.  What is this world coming to when a Grandmother shots her own Grandson.  He may have failed a drug test, but that is NO reason to kill her Grandson.  If she was so inferiated with him why didn't she call 911 or something or someone that could be of assistance for the both of them.  Where were the parents when all this was going down? Did they not realize that this lady the Grandmother had a short fuse? I can't imagine what was going through her mind or even the Grandson at the time.  Sad, just plain sad....

So the old crying trick didn't work this time?  Hope it doesn't work for Jodi!

Exactly michelle! Was grandma a monster when she allowed him to move in with her? I dont think so but I do wish she would have just called the cops on him or allowed him to just leave instead! As a high school teacher it is hard teaching them let alone raising one while in your 70s. I will keep her in my prayers:(

Granny Goodness lives.

One less crackhead on the streets. What's not to like?

This is the kind of stuff that happens when people think they need guns for self-defense. Suddenly, there's only one solution to any percieved threat--start shooting.

She looks like Susan Sarandon, I think that's who should play her in the movie.

Lot of laughs I guess to mock tired-out old people when you're just a youngin'.Solution?  Ban grandmothers...

Jesus Return is soon folks and this HUGE horror story will finally come to a end , Unrepentant sinners sin can even Kill.

Give granny house arrest, but let her go to church on Sundays to repent. Prison for a 75 year old woman serves no purpose.

This idiot was an #$%$ long before his parents dumped him on the grandparents.  This little old lady had her fill and wanted the #$%$ gone..  The parents should be sent to prison not the old lady...

She couldn't have been thinking clearly.  I know my parents (both in their 70's ) are not the same.  What is a reasonable response for an old woman feeling threatened and having been struck by a much younger person?

Hey joe are you also wearing foil on your head so the aliens cant read your mind?

The parents had a daughter with a brain tumor to care for which made them to busy to care for their son

Typical NRA gun nut exercising her sacred 2nd amendment rights and "protecting her family."

The number of idiotic remarks on this article is amazing. I suppose you're all just trolling, but shame on you for mocking the death of a boy and mocking the parents who lost him. There is nothing unusual about a kid living with relatives to finish school. What is unusual is a grandmother repeatedly shooting her unarmed grandchild as he phones for help. But you all know that. Trolls.

There is a line where self defense becomes murder...good job to the jury.Short story... not much in the way of details... and yet all this knowledge and opinions on what happened here, or if  he was a good kid or whatever. Please get lives.... please

Just as I predicted.  His murder did not require 10 gunshots to defend herself.  Good call.  Wow, even the grandmother's own daughter described her as a "monster".  Wow.

Those two POS parents are the ones that should be jailed for dumping their out of control teen crackhead on grandma.

Burn the witch alive.

Sure sounds to me like granny killed the kid because she lost her temper when he became disobedient and disrespectful, not a violent threat. Sorry granny but my sympathy has its limits. Being a little old lady doesn't make it okay to murder teens who talk back.

Enjoy dying in prison, murderer.

Grandma was a Lunatic...happens to young And Old........Did you hear the 911 call...? The young man Never ever deserved Tha ending....and 12 people agreed.....Justice is Served..

I can't believe all you idiots feeling sorry for that crazy old bag!  Females hurt and kill people every day,and most get off or a lesser sentence.

While I agree with the verdict, the mother stated that her son was a wonderful kid...If he was so wonderful, why did she leave him with Grandma?  Wonderful kids at that age are easy to raise...not so wonderful ones, not so much...and she needed to ship him to Granny's...

There is something terribly wrong with this.  My heart goes out to Mrs. Layne and her 87 year old husband.  Mrs. Layne already had enough to deal with caring for her 87 year old husband.  The daughter and son-in-law were disrespectful to her.  I hope there's some mercy somewhere in here.Granny's got a gunGranny's got a gunHer whole world's come un-doneBy shooting her grandsonWhat did her grandson do?What did he put her through?They said that when Granny was arrestedThey found him calling 9-1-1But Granny said he had it comin' now that Granny's got a gunShe ain't never gonna be the sameGranny's got a gunGranny's got a gun.....Sung to the tune "Janie's Got a Gun", by Aerosmith.

The lesson learned.... don't screw with old people.

Can not believe the boys parents, saying that this was vendication for their son. Why wasn't you raising you own f n kid? two cowards deserve each other, wishing prison for a 75 year old grandmother. That's so cold blooded, jennifer Hoffman said her mother was a monster, well if you knew that why would you leave your own kid with her? It's just as much your fault what happened to him as hers!!!!

this insane

Granny got screwed. She shot a LOSER! Good riddance!

His parents didn't want that monster. That alone should of gave insight to how disturbed he must been.Why should she be punish for doing what anyone in fear for they life would of done. Hitting on an old lady...smh

I feel so sorry for this lady, they couldn't control him so they overwelm this poor lady. She probably was pushed to the limit!  The parents are the monsters and very selfish and inconsiderate people!  Not fair: (

She fired 10 shots and hit him 6 times, I call that good shooting.

He's such a good kid??? #$%$... Yall sent him away because he was a problem child... Yall put him off on his 74 year old grandma.... The parents should be shame of themselves! Hang in there Granny... We know u was confused and left without options!!!

shes a murdering w*h*o*r*e&amp;deserves the death penalty:(I casnnot believe the Mom said she was so happy her mother was put away for 14 years after watching HER son because she did not want to be bothered!     What a total #$%$!

if he was a bad kid fine shot him once and call him names not proceed to full him up with bullets to satisfied *_* bring the old dayz back time to hang the old lady or burn her or.. pile stones on her ill she dies

murderer:(...hang that murderer by the neck until she is dead:(

This is a great example of old morons thinking they are right all the time, I have bad news for you, not only can you be wrong, you can also look like a complete fool like this lady. Respect is a two way road, just because you are old doesn't mean anyone has to respect you

Those two POS parents are the ones that should be jailed for dumping their out of control teen junkie on grandma.

Hey, I got a great idea...let's just start whackin everyone who doesn't want to stick around and listen to our "good advice."  Oh wait we live in a democracy don't we.  The boy was scared because he used and the courts were gonna hold him accountable.  There was no evidence he lay a finger on her.  She just "wanted him to listen."  Well I guess he got her message. Great job, gram.

Kinda hard to say" I woulda shot him more than 6 times but my revolver only holds 6 rounds" lol.......... burn In he11 lady

Norm,  your smarta** comment is not cute nor funny, you idiot!

This never happened to Opy on Andy Griffith....now that Fonzie dude? Heyyy!!

Good Job Granny! More of these worthless crackheads should be put down like rabid dogs that they are!Where in the world was the teens outraged mother when all these problems were  happening before the shooting?

Whatever the situation was with granny, she had no right to take his life! What an evil, psychotic b***h. She deserves to go to prison and die there......alone!!!

I'm glad this story is about white folk. Can you imagine all the racist comments had grandma been a lady of color? ARRIBA!!!

It's really hard to deal with a druggie. My brother was a druggie. He is clean now :)....My mother went through a lot and so did my sister-in-law. These two women in my brother's life were so patient with my brother. The were 'saints' considering the hell my brother put them through. I know in my heart, I could not have done or went through what they did with my brother at the time. So, I can understand this 'grandma' s frustration and killed the grandson out of emotional anger and frustration. It was not right, but, certainly understandable. In the end, my brother woke up for some reason and credited his coming around to his family's love and support all the way through. I was not there, because I live thousands of miles away, but my mother and sister-in-law, along with my other 2 brothers were very supportive of my addict brother at the time. I don't know, sometimes, tough love does not work. I suppose, each case is unique and must be approached in a different way on a per case basis. I feel sorry and sad for the grandma and the parents of the dead grandson. It is a very sad situation.

Wel sad to say, but this is the sad reality of American society.

I agree with everyone it was the parents responsibility to take care of the kid.75 years old with a drug problem teen,he wanted money, so he probably would have hurt or killed both the grandparents had she not taken him down first.True 6 shots were a bit much, maybe she was just scared and didn't realize how many times she hit him.She should have placed a call herself.This says no matter how old you are, you can't defend yourself without jail time.

If she was thought to be such a "monster" as stated by the parents, why did she have their drug using son in the first place?  On the other hand, why use a gun because "I wanted him to pay attention to me. He had to listen."?  Guns make weak stupid  people feel powerful  and they shoot to kill to prove it.  Too many weak stupid people with guns in this country.

Layne fired 10 shots at her 17-year-old grandson, striking him six times over a six-minute span-It's no longer self defense if shooting him more then once,over 1 second it's murder...

Sick.

Dirty Harriet - "Go ahead, punk. Make my day.".And the judge asked her,"Why did you fire the gun 10 times"?  Her answer was, "Because that is all the bullets I had"!!!!!!!

I have a feeling that kid got what he needed.

They obviously left their teen with grandma to finish school in the area or he was not willing to move. If he was that much of a challenge you should never have left that kid with a 70 yr old. She is old school and probably has less tolerance than you would have. I just don't understand why you would leave him with her care if she was violent. Like you are acting like she is. I don't see many articles of 70 yr olds killing 17 yr old kids for NO reason.

She probably didn't complain to police about abuse because the grandson or "his peeps" would then "take care" of her .

She deserves to die in prison,filthy murdering w*h*o*r*e:(

I hope you die in lockdown convict:(

One bullet is self defense. chasing someone for 6 minut4es while they call 911 is at very least manslaughter if not murder.

0bitch voter...

Sad, sad, sad...As a grandparent I can't imagine being that afraid of our grandchildren. But, as people age, they can become very fearful...

She should have gotten an acquittal for shooting that miserable SOB who attacked her repeatly so mnay other times. She was just fed up.  For the parents to say he was a "good kid" why did he get drunk, use drugs, dropped out of school and swore at his grandmother who was taking care of him. He got what he deserve, but she did not.10 shots over the course of 6 minutes? The kid was on the phone with 911 saying that he had been shot and granny comes back in the room and shoots him some more? And some of you  still think granny was justified? OMG!!! This was cold blooded murder. You shoot until the threat ceases....not until the threat ceases talking to 911! And if you are that scared, you leave the immediate area and call 911....not return to where the threat was.The jurors had all the evidence and I believe they reached the correct verdict.

Regardless of y the son was left behind, this is still a horrible tragedy! This world is a mess!!

Well maybe or hopefully they'll give her some kind of early probation.

What a #$%$.

Well Shannon that might have worked back in the old days but now in our modern society if that fist fighting would take place somebody would be charged with assault and battery. That grandma used a weapon and even though that kid could have been a bad apple, no one deserves to die just from bad behavior. The jury ruled out self defense and no sign of injury was found on the grandmother. Case closed.

What a sad story

So sad for this lady. I think the parents are the 'monsters'. Why did they desert him if he was such 'a good boy'? You raise you own kids, it is not the responsibilty of the grandparents. Now this lady will spend her final days in prison. So sad and such a mess.

My mother recently purchased a gun; a .380 auto. The clip holds 15 rounds. I guarantee you that if she was in fear of her life enough to pull the trigger once, the clip will be empty. If whoever frightened her is still moving, she will reload and do the same thing again. Fear is a powerful motivator.I feel a great deal of sympathy for this family. There was no good outcome. Perhaps some things can be repaired in time.

God is the only one who mend broken hearts, God is a forgiving person so lets pray for the entire family

Whoa!  Is this what they mean by "granny get your guns"?  Whats  next?  Shooting the family pooch because he is barking to much?Sometimes when parents move away, the teens, don't want to leave their friends. It sounds like this is a case where the teen wanted to stay where he was instead of moving away with his parents. Still, I'm guessing the parents are wishing they had convinced him to move with them? And, if his sister did have a brain tumor, maybe he was living away from his parents to get away from that kind of stress? It's really just a sad story all around...

Grandmother got a bad rap the parents should of been raising the druggie

A monster with a gun; that's all it takes for horrible things to happen. The weapon of sure destruction is the gun, not the monster. Enable the monster and you will pay the price. You can't tell us if the gun wasn't there this would still have happened.  Wiser people must prevail upon the weak minded neanderthals. Think of  and work towards a peaceful future, if not, you are doomed to repeat the horrors of the past. You wouldn't put a gun in the hands of a child. These are merely weak minded, fearful and twisted children who desire ill conceived power. Theirs is not freedom ... it is  always destruction and death ; their souls have been fooled. Bad news all around.

Pay attention folks, he was living w/his GM so he could finish school w/his friends while his parnets moved away. Jonathans parents were/are not monsters, get a life.. That hag should have gotten the chair, crazy B!!

This old lady should be killed. Plain and simple. He was on the phone pleading for his life when she came back in and shot him again. Thats called Murder not self defense. Kill her. Bring her to me and I'll kill her.

They had their hands full with a daughter who had a brain tumor; but the issue is whether the grandmother had her hands full with a gun. The jury voted properly.

solution: ban guns

"It seemed like a good idea at the time..."

Damn, don't mess with Granny!

Given what has come out about the grandmother's inconsistent behavior and thoughts and her advanced age, one has to wonder if she has some sort of dementia and should be institutionalized.Given what has come out about the grandmother's inconsistent behavior and thoughts and her advanced age, one has to wonder if she has some sort of dementia and should be institutionalized.

thankful the grandmother did not use a 32oz soda

This granny got what she deserved! 14 yrs isnt long enough. Mom and dad did the right thing they didnt throw their son out on the streets. I dont justify the kid hittn grandma that was wrong and sure in the hell he didnt deserve to be shot repeatedly. She was examined after the fact and there was no bruising or marks anywhere to be found on her! Think shes missing some spark plugs upstairs!

What's the NRA members' view on this?

grandmother of the NRA

blue state!!! Called it...

Well as I see it, he probably did hit her and she shot him but the end results is still jail time like Carlsbad Tripper said, "WHAT A MESS". Only in American,  who needs cable with yahoo news.

typical jew

I raised a "troubled" son and it was very difficult. Never would it have occurred to me to dump him on someone else, he was a handful and there weren't even any drugs involved. Still, it doesn't excuse grandma from her horrible choice. She could have run from the house, called the police and let them deal with him. Shooting 10 bullets at him over a 6 minute period is predatory murder. Continuing to shoot while he was on the phone to 911 speaks to the anger she felt. No excuse, she's an adult woman who had other options. He was still a kid, trouble or not, his "crimes" didn't deserve being murdered. The parents are just as much at fault as her, sick daughter or not. There were two parents, two kids....dad could have taken over the parenting of this young man. What a sad situation.

People it says they were dealing with a daughter who had a brain tumor. So if they were to busy dealing with that, that is why the grandson was with the grandma. Just because she is elderly does not mean she has the right to murder someone.People it says they were dealing with a daughter who had a brain tumor. So if they were to busy dealing with that, that is why the grandson was with the grandma. Just because she is elderly does not mean she has the right to murder someone.

My mother seems like a sweet 78 year old lady, but was a horrific abuser in her younger years.  She has mild dementia now, and often times says she will shoot my sisters, or anyone else that tries to take "her stuff".  As for shooting a grandchild--I'd turn the gun on myself before I'd ever shoot my grandson...

No offense meant here, but the time that I spent in the extreme northern states did not help me to understand the (for want of better word) ridiculous way families treat their children, especially teens. This doesn't surprise me. After taking my own two young boys north to live with a relative while they were in their 'tweens, I was shocked by the lack of respect for authority and parents by the children. It seemed, with each family I came into contact with, and even the school officials, seemed almost scared of the teens. No discipline, no respect. Doesn't surprise me.

Just an FYI:  Jonathan Hoffman was not "sent" to Michigan to live with his grandparents.  His family is from Michigan and just recently moved to AZ.  He stayed behind in Michigan and moved in with his grandparents so he could finish his senior year in high school and graduate with his friends.

We can't do anything that she hasn't already done to herself," Sabbota said. "She punishes herself every day.Yeah, right. If that was really true Grannie would have pled guilty. So not buying that. I'm thinking she's really sorry that she might have to face jail time for actually killing somebody.

It's only their first-generation children that women are allowed to kill.  Grandparents don't have that right in this country.  Yet.

she looks like a vile #$%$.. now off with her head !

This is white-on-white violence but it's NEVER reported that way in the media. Image is everything.

What was she shooting him with a pellet gun?

This is so sad. The jury flubbed on this one.What was she shooting him with a pellet gun?

This is so sad. The jury flubbed on this one.

What a world! A direct consequence to drugstores!!!

She continued to add bullets to an already disabled teen on the phone with 911, She deserved what she got. Children should have better sense but you have to consider their gene pool who are older enough to know better.

This is so sad the Grandparents in this modern generation are raising their grand kids. This Grandmother should not have had to go to Prison. Common sense should tell you that the Grandparents are to old to deal with children of this generation. The parents should have went to jail for leaving him behind they knew he was a handful or a problem.

Wow!!!  What the heck? If she was a horrible person the why did he live there?

You guys are idiots. it clearly says the family was in arizona taking care of an ailing daughter. st jude hospital maybe. he was 17 and probably in his last year of high school. they probably let him stay to finish.

She's old. Whether she gets 10 years or 100 years, she is getting life in prison.

Too many grandparents raising their kids these days.

Just because she is old doesn't give her the right to shoot down someone. Police are around for a reason. She could of dialed 911, instead it was her grandson calling for help.Heheheh... Some of these posts are funny as hell.

She obviously, and admittedly, in other articles, pulled the gun before he hit her.Then she tried to justify homicide, premeditated murder, by the fact that he might have tried to dislodge a gun pointed at him.That is why she will die in prison.

And furthermore, why no 911 call on her part, hmmmmmmmmmmmm.

The Democrats of the U.S. House of Representatives introduced a budget plan on Monday that includes $1.2 trillion in new taxes and $200 billion in stimulus spending — twice the stimulus spending that Democrats in the upper chamber proposed last week.Meanwhile, House Republicans have put forth a budget plan for 2014 that would cut tax rates and spending by $5.7 trillion compared to the Congressional Budget Office baseline, The Hill reports.“We focus immediately on accelerating the economic recovery, on growing jobs rather than shrinking jobs,” said Budget Committee Ranking Democrat Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, The Hill reports.According to Van Hollen, the House Democratic budget would end tax breaks for individuals and corporations, raising $1.2 trillion in revenue over ten years. It also includes higher guaranteed transportation spending, The Hill reports.The budget also included more spending cuts than tax increases, Van Hollen said, if the $1.5 trillion in cuts approved by the last Congress are included.He also noted that his budget, like that of Senate Democrats, ends nine years of automatic cuts through the sequester that took effect on March 1, The Hill reports.Van Hollen said that change would save 750,000 jobs in 2013 alone — unlike the House Republican budget, which cuts $4.6 trillion in spending along with the sequester cuts over a decade.Meanwhile, House Republicans immediately attacked Van Hollen’s plan.“The House Democrats’ plan imposes over $1 trillion of taxes on families,” William Allison, the House Budget Committee spokesman, told The Hill. “It increases spending by $476 billion. It allows the safety net to unravel and jeopardizes the retirement security of America’s seniors.“By clinging to the status quo, the House Democrats have doubled down on Obamacare-style cuts to Medicare and even greater tax increases on families,” Allison said. “We need a responsible balanced budget, so we can promote a healthier economy and help create jobs.“It is disappointing to see House Democrats take such an unserious approach to budgeting.”

Burn her in a tire fire !

Sad. A grandmother of all people, family who should be protecting instead if harming.

Most of you are idiots! He got what he deserved for beating on an old woman, but fair is fair she could have left after 1 shot and called the cops, she didnt! she pulled the trigger 5 more times! she commited murder! she should be put away for life!

What color was the jury again ? Oh Ya...It doesn't matter. RIIGGHHTTTT

Whatever the reason for him staying with his grandmother is not important. Grandparents often assits with the up bringing of their grandkids. But I havent heard reasonable justification for taking this young man life. This is a very sad situation for their love ones to endure.

Must be a union thing...Must be a union thing...

Todays kids have no respect for thier elders. I see it every day. She was fed up and had enough. She made it 75 years without going to jail so you can imagine how he pushed her over the edge.

I think that this frail little women would have been dead if she did not shot him. I believe this women was truly in fear for her life. What was this monster doing at his grandmothers and not with his mother and father?. I'm not trying to be funny but maybe she will get the medical and 3 meals a day. I hope the gov. of Mich. gives her a pardon .

Hang her by the neck until she is dead, dead, dead.

Jennifer Hoffman should spend time in prison also. She sent her son to live with a "monster".

This is so sad the Grandparents in this modern generation are raising their grand kids. This Grandmother should not have had to go to Prison. Common sense should tell you that the Grandparents are to old to deal with children of this generation. The parents should have went to jail for leaving him behind they knew he was a handful or a problem.

Do not waste my tax money on keeping her in jail. Give her the lethal injection a.s.a.p

That lady got off easy if it were up to me she would have got the electric chair she needs to suffer in jail and think about what she's done! That boy didn't deserve to be shot &amp; killed over just a heated argument, if she never had a gun that boy would be alive today! Guns are not for everyone. Especially a crazy old lady!...

If I had her for a grandmother and those parents ...no doubt I would have taken drugs too... how much anger does it take to murder a 17 year old and your own grandson ?  Send them all to the curb !

i'm sorry, but one word explains it all: Michigan!!!!!i hope she dies in prison

Well, hopefully she won't live long, we need to start saving our taxes for incarcerating politicans not murders.

the gamdma should die in prison just like any other killer she should have called for help after the first time she shot him

the boy did something to frighten his grandma. if he was anything likethe little flips destroying the public schools he muse putthe old lady through hell! Im for granny and say the case needs to be looked into!

The grandson didn't have to live with her,she could have said come and get him if he was that bad of a kid.

"Meet my grandson, the human strainer"

Sorry folks.Jury heard the tape. Kid was laying there and ma barker was coming back to plug him some more.....And as to your comment about why wasn't he with his parents when his sister was receiving care for a brain tumor.....he was completing school. Maybe the kid smoked a little pot and failed a test. Wow let's just kill his #$%$ Yea an argumentative drugged out kid left not a mark and was not acting like one on the 911 tape?  And if you got hit in your 70's you would be severly bruised let alone not one mark like the nurse said......My wife is also a nurse...old people get bruises just watching tv. So keep thinkin' lil old grandma was just a victim of some drugged out punk kid with irresponsible parents and make your comments because the jury heard and saw the evidence and the old monster is going to the pokey.

told ya...her story stunk to hy heaven...mother sucks too

What kind of drugs?  There are a lot of questions before assuming the worst of the kid.  She had no injuries, if he hit her hard enough that she needed to defend herself to use a gun, there better be something to show for it.  One shot, stopped him, if he did indeed attack her.  He called 911 and was pleading for help, then she returned to shoot him 5+ more times.  She  wanted him dead.  So sad for everyone.  The mom is dealing with the loss of her son, and a daughter with a brain tumor... Where is the compassion for the mom...

Cold blooded murder. I hope she rots in hell.Boy lives with grandma... they get into argument. Grandma pulls gun in her words "so he would listen"This kid had a gun pulled on him in his own home, he tried to dislodge it, (hitting her, maybe, but leaving no mark on a 75 year old) so she killed him..She is justifying her action by something that happened after her action. You don't get to pull a gun to make your kids listen.

I will never understand people who blindly support old people, female people, etc, just because of a blind emotional desire to root for those who seem weaker.She did the crime. She does the time. Rot in prison.

I've got two questions for y'all supporting granny here.1. What if she were 40 years old, not 75.2. What if she was a guy and instead of Sandra, his name was oh I don't know, Samuel.It's clear that all of you trying to feel sorry for this murderous vile thug are doing so because she's an old woman, looking harmless and forlorn like your own mom or granny. Well, she's not your mom or granny. Don't allow emotions to cloud your judgement.Did I love my grandmothers? I sure did. They were nice people. Who am I comparing them to? Other people their age, and you ALWAYS find nice and evil people in EVERY age group, from the time they come out of the vagina to the time they go to the grave.

Defense attorney said "Lanye was devastated by the verdict"...like her daughter said, "she's a monster, who deserves to go to prison..."  She's also a Lousy shot if she felt the need to shoot him ten times!!! (She hit him 6X's out of ten)What could this kid have done to warrant this kind of cruel death? Grammy could have sought Help, versus taking things "into her own Hands"...literally! She obviously wasn't capable of handling this situation. What was her daughter letting her son "live" with a known "monster", her Mother?  If Grammy was so scared of Grandson, WHY didn't she try calling the Police??? Then; or in the past...Ignorance doesn't make "problems: go away. Attention to problem of Grammy's short temper should have been a priority to address.Hard to believe that she changed into this so called "monster" over-nite! Very Sad...

Eat your Vegetables... Don't talk back to your Grand maw....  you better not lay your hands on her... some have to learn the hard way....just sayin

Its ashame Granny didn't shoot the Grand Sons Parents too!!!   Turn Granny loose!  TRD!!!

I think grandma got what she deserved. You don't shoot to kill someone you love. I think maybe she hated him, resented that she was stuck with him and was getting back at her daughter by killing her son. The 911 call says it all. She most certainly wasn't being attacked while she was shooting her grandson to death. I wonder if she has the onset on Alzheimer’s. Alzheimer's can make the most peaceful person violent and hateful. I know from experience.

The NRA has offered Ms. Layne a job as Senior Vice President of Public Relations.

what a cold cruel b****

Do they provide med-alert buttons in prison?what a cold cruel b****

Do they provide med-alert buttons in prison?

Shooting someone six times in six minutes, which is once every 1min and 10secs, is not at all self-defense.  It's having your panties in a bunch.

Are you  fing kidding me!

And the award for worlds worst grandma goes to..........

What a disgraceful situation,this sick grandmother is very sick.She was full of hate.

Grab that gun and kill someone if you are afraid...even if it is your grandson.

damn teenagers

I honestly don't see why people are putting the blame on the parents. Clearly it says the parents were with a daughter getting treated for a brain tumor which is very serious. The kid may have had problems but evidence does not lie she was never hit. Kids make mistakes and if she was that afraid she should have already made a report. I don't know the family's whole situation but I do know to show someone a couple times and come back and shot more is cold bloooded. She may be a senior but that is no escuse. My sympathy goes out to the family and you are in my prayers.

She should have told the parents to take him or she could have called the police. She is unstable and deserves to be locked up for this. Who kills their own grandson?She should have told the parents to take him or she could have called the police. She is unstable and deserves to be locked up for this. Who kills their own grandson?

Anyone that would beat a old woman deserves what they get.

She would have never been convicted in Texas or any other state that has the castle doctrine.

Boo hoo, she's old, the kid smokes the occasional joint, he was out at night when he shouldn't have been, bla bla blah.  Murder is murder.  Killer granny is just lucky she only got 2nd degree, and doesn't live in a death penalty state. Hopefully she gets beat up, raped and robbed in prison on a regular basis.

Well DUH!  She only admitted to killing the boy.

If her record is clean and his wasn't, then I hope she gets probation and/or a suspended sentence.

This is the reason one should use a Joe Biden shotgun and buckshot on these junkie punks.

Have fun in the booty house granny

Enjoy dying in prison, murderer.

She could be a sociopath -- but then again, teenaged boys go thru a "mean" stage /phase.  I'll bet anything he had hit her and she got mad and shot him.  Such a shame.Its not  Ok for Grannies to be judge jury and execution— nor is it OK for the US to use drones and get of domestic terrorists

He who does not know and does not know he does not know, is a fool.Shun him.He who does not know and knows he does not know, is simple.Teach him.He who knows and does not know he knows, is asleep.Awaken him.He who knows and knows he knows, is wise.Follow him.

Should have been Murder 1.

His sister having a brain tumor explains alot. His parents being gone, his being upset, drug use, maybe frustrated he wasn't able to do much for even himself, not to mention his sis, parents...hopelessness. His sister, who, hopefully will recover,  will never see him again. If he had been guided to counseling, he may have been able to become productive and help his parents recover from the weight of medical bills. I wouldn't be suprised if there was insurance on his life...maybe the grandmother thought that was the only way to help pay bills or get ready to care for his sister...sick. I am glad the jury could discern how cold hearted she was to just shoot him down.

If she was mexican, this would have never happened.  Mexicans love their familes.  Damn whities are psychos, mass murderers, and serial killers.

My guess is that a 75 year old woman had a reason for the killing of her grandson.I'm a 66  year man who is thankful that I don't have any sorry kids around me. I don't have to face the temptations that the old woman did.

oh lordie. She could have tried a good old fashioned belt or extension cord- kidding of course....but- a GUN!?  Somebody take her awayyyy...seems she's come to the end of her rope....

Murderous  Old Hag !

age i but a number but if youy do he crime u have too do WHAT THE TIME...

we don't need gun control....we need bullet control...we don't need gun control....we need bullet control...

J can only say 1 word......"wow"

What a crock.  Guess you can't defend your self in Detroit.  Better move to Texas.

I am sure she is a member of the NRA

Just do as much of the time you can grandma.

Another White Shooting

i'm going to make a church song out of it. grandma shot and killed the little pe*ker !

Her adrenalin may have been pumping but "one boom" would have been enough to shake up anyone let alone ripping off ten shots! That doesn't sound like self-defense. That sounds like letting off serious pent up rage!

In different sites, they wrote that she planned the murder. She sent her husband out for a walk, and purchased a weapon two weeks before the shooting. There was never issue with a local police about domestic violence. The kid stayed at grandmother, because parents were divorcing and had last year of HS to finish, and he did not want to move out to Arizona. She killed him while he called 911.  It was pure premeditated murder.

Enjoy dying in prisonMaybe she watched too much Fox News

She should get the DEATH penalty NOW.

Why hasn't this garnered main stream media attention? Where is Nancy Grace?

Wow.  Messed up...  Rather or not he was troubled. He was also prolly alot of stress. Definitely having a sick sister and all.  But Idk..  All I do know if I'd imagine got into with my grandparents. I would not have my beautiful teeth.  Bc not only would I have my grandparents in would also have my parents kicking my butt..  And no guns involved..  Only a messed up grandmother would do something sick like this.   May be rest in peace

God is the only one who mend broken hearts, God is a forgiving person so lets pray for the entire family

Kill the stupid "C" now

Evil doesn't discriminate. It comes in different shapes &amp; forms age, sex, etc., and this woman is sure an evil person.

What a shot.

She thought she could do anything, it blew up in her face and suddenly everyone else failed. If that isn't the 1% creed, what could be?

She should have told the parents to take him or she could have called the police. She is unstable and deserves to be locked up for this. Who kills their own grandson?She should have told the parents to take him or she could have called the police. She is unstable and deserves to be locked up for this. Who kills their own grandson?

This woman is a monster, evil, evil monster.

I have no doubts that the kid was way outta line and probably was threatening grandma.  Does NOT justify homocide.

So I guess in the eyes of the crazy NRA freaks this makes it ok then:"Sabbota asked jurors to view the incident through the eyes of a woman in her 70s. He said Layne was taking care of a teen who had used drugs and brought strangers to the home. Hoffman's parents were living in Arizona during his senior year of high school. They had their hands full with a daughter being treated for a brain tumor."Her adrenalin is pumping. You're not calm," Sabbota said in his closing remarks. "Boom, boom, boom — you pull the trigger."

Damned ol' Geazer!

Is anyone surprised?.....I,am not......all old people aint good people.....ask some caretakers.

that is shocking

Shooters shoot! They dont care.

Hahaha. She got less than what she deserves.

It's a tragedy that two lives have been ruined, but I honestly believe justice has been served.  She deserved to be found guilty of second degree murder.  This was most certainly not self defense.  She hunted him down even after he was no longer a threat.  He was pretty  much begging for his life and she gunned him down anyway.It's a tragedy that two lives have been ruined, but I honestly believe justice has been served.  She deserved to be found guilty of second degree murder.  This was most certainly not self defense.  She hunted him down even after he was no longer a threat.  He was pretty  much begging for his life and she gunned him down anyway.

So we got old ladies and people under the age or 18 murdering people now.  Wow.. Even in the 90's things weren't this 4kd up.

All Americans are loaded with chemicals, prescribed, OTC and in food and environment.  Many are passed on through the placenta to the next generation. Seniors are prescribed massive amounts of drugs for physical ailments and likely virtually all of them have a psychological component they are not aware of. Question: What drugs was grandma on?  What drugs are you on?  What chemicals are in your body?When I read Agenda 21 which advocates elimination of 80-90% of world population I thought "Very interesting. How will they do that?' Answer is it is being done every day before our eyes.  Now check who wrote Agenda 21. And look forward to endless articles on weird behavior by Americans as they destroy our country for the NWO for the international bankers and the richest of the rich.

looks like Susan Sarandon without make-up.......

Ahhh guns do trick for some people.

hold, hold,,,,,,DDID THI`````````S DUDE SAY ......../..YA'LL COME COME GET ME .gtandMAMA DONE SHOT ME IN THE AQSSSSS./........HELP SHE DONE SHOT ME AGAIN...........33333345T6Y UI9ON0-M=,]\\\\\\\\\\SHE WAS MAD #$%$ A A MUTHFUKER.../.....n i can'y stop lafiinnnnnnn    .......YAHOO KEEP IT6 COMING   A AIN'T LAFFED THAT HARD IN A LONG TIME.......

No mention of  'grandpa's' take on the story about how this all lead to a hellish, protracted murder... The parents must have also had some serious issues, why their son was staying at 'grandma's'.

The boy was a steller feller now granny is someones fanny.

2nd degree murder, the kid was still alive on the phone and this crazy  nut put more slugs in him.

I bet she was NRAParents need to start raising their own children instead of pawning them off on grandparents....I for one will not raise my grandchildren!!!

DARWIN AWARDS --- this does not mean white people hate white people and going gene pool extinction. It means human spices need to go extinct for hating liberal and right wing.

Back gorilla family is going to love her! She is going to get passed around like a condoms at a porn convention. Say hello to PRISON RAPE..You can scream as loud as you want and no one will help you..Take it from me..Getting pinned by 3 large blacks is not fun grandma..Welcome to Prison Planet!

Hmmm.. I'm not surprised here yahoo. Not one damn mention of this killer's race! Just another blood thirsty caucasian! Another in a long line of white mass murderers/pedophiles! She will be passed off as crazy, but this is happening too damn often for all of them to be crazy! I think it is a flawed genetic trait. Something in a white persons make up that they can't control. The neanderthal eventually has to surface and no amount of "civilization" can contain this sociopath genetic compulsion to molest and kill.

Grannys gonna be munchin carpet soon.

Wow...read the posts... people forget the facts of the story before they can comment! Lol....WOW ....we're doomed

Whattan Old Wench Witch....

Just proof that the Devil does not enter and control just gang banger's and mob hit men,he can make a monster out of a sweet looking old lady.She deserves what she gets and more despite her appearance.

no more #$%$ for her

Well well well Guntarded ProDeathers. Just as I said. The first one or two could have been defense but the next 8 or 9 are clearly murder. There are no actual gun defenses in deadly situations in the usa. Bait and Shoot sure. Real TRUE civilian defenses against others with guns never happens.