When they were caught in Afghanistan, they were trainees at a Taliban military camp. They were there either for Jihad in Afghanistan or Jihad back at home in Xinjiang, China. In either case they are terrorists or potential terrorists. If it was proved that they were just anti-NATO, in US eye, they are bona fide terrorists; if they were proved to be only anti-China, in US eye, they are freedom-fighters. That is where US dilemma lies.

WHAT 'dilemma'? Didn't you read the 'article'? They were released, years ago, no longer our responsibility. THIS, is on China, and what they wish to do with them. Your people, in other words.

US paid Palau $157 million to take these torrists.  Again stupid propaganda AP trying to suggest it was only $600,000.

I would not racial profile, but the fact is that the Uighurs are responsible for most of the violent crimes in major cities in China. The government are soft on this group for fear of racial tensions. I only know this after moving back to China. Quite a different story than what I have heard in the US over the last 20 years, where they were depicted as freedom fighters, the oppressed minority group, bla, bla, bla.

free xinjiang? Dude, readers on here: Xinjiang's borders were drawn by the Chinese communist government. It consists of lands where the population majority has han, tajiks, kazakhs, tatars, mongolians, xibe, hui, etc. Only a tiny part of southwestern Xinjiang are the uyghurs living as a majority. You want independence, you've got to convince all the other ethnic minority groups to want the same which they clearly don't. You can look this all up. And by the way, the Xinjiang province has been occupied by China since the Tang Dynasty at around 710 A.D. The historical evidence for independence for the SECTION of Xinjiang where the uyghurs have actually historically lived on is weak. You can't just say free all of xinjiang because xinjiang contains land that is the historical land of other ethnic groups. So the uyghurs saying xinjiang is uyghur land are never going to get what they want because they are claiming land that are the historical home of other ethnic groups and do not in any way belong to them. .

Wait a second. If we don't want them and China does, why are we wasting money trying to keep a bunch of terrorists safe? If they're terrorists they don't deserve any of our tax dollars to keep them safe. If we're so sure they're innocent, then aren't they entitled to sue the heck out of us for putting them into Guantanamo in the first place?

These men are just sitting there not assimilating or adopt to fit in, that is why they are no speaking the language and not making it in life.

It seems lacking of any logic. Jailed them then give them money. WHAT A JOKE!

What about the people that he was fighting for? Don't they want him back?

It is a business deal for corrupted Palauan politician. US paid USD 600,000 to get these guys out of Obama's sight (out of sight, out of mind) and the Paluan official took a cut, say, 20%? Deal done.

Stupid propaganda article failed to mention these men were armed, trained, and fought along side the other terrorists, Al Quaeda and Talaban.They are terrorists.You made your bed, now lay in it!!

What, we're supposed to feel sorry for this muslim terrorist #$%$ because they can't go home! SCREW THEM!

Why don't the Saudis and Kuwaitis help out their fellow Muslims? They have plenty of money. What about Iran?Oh, wait, they only fund you if you're actually killing other people....

Detroit is desperate for people, send them there. On second thought, they would safer in China.

What poor guys.  They all should have been shot in Afganistsn and left there.

Another ridiculous article from AP. When Muslim extremists want to bomb a NATO country, they are called "Islamic Terrorists". When they want to bomb Chinese territory, they are called "Freedom Fighters". When they want to attack the Syrian government, they are "victims", when they want to attack the Saudi princes, they are "villains".These people were caught red-handed in a training camp, and trying to legitimize their "holy cause" is utterly ridiculous. The Uighur do not own any part of XinJiang and never have. Their ancestors came (circa 600 - 700 ad) to the region as invaders, lost the war and were allowed to stay on. Instead of assimilating into the culture, they chose to remain insular, have attacked virtually every other ethnic minority in China and have claimed "ownership" of a territory that was never theirs.As ever, political expedience is the key factor for our government's decisions. Also as frequent/typical is the fact that it is somehow being sold as some form of moral highground. So here's the critical question : IF the USA has such sympathy for these "freedom fighters", why move them to Palau? Why not move them to US soil and give them immunity as political fugitives? That's been done before. Could it be that the USA doesn't want this cell operating on US soil?

They belong to China, send them there, all taken care of. They were in a war zone and were from China..... duh. They were with the enemy when caught, from another country, during a time of war. SEND THEM TO CHINA, they'll know what to do with them.

those were armed men of so-called "china battalion" of al-quaeda, fought along with al qaeda during the invasion of afganistan, some of survivors of that battalion (most of them were killed by coalition force due to the years of fighting) are still fighting along with taliban.i guess they are not considered as terrorists since they claimed to be against china!bin laden was a hero in the west until he turned his guns against the west...

Freedom fighters? Terrorists????

Uighurs fighting in Syria right now, alongside al Q terrorists.just more incompetence from the obama regime

They're not really trying to dredge up sympathy for these rats, are they?

According to some source, some people in some states in US want to go independence from US. Actually, many countries have the same problem too because not everyone is happy with the government.

Not happy on Palau as a retired terrorist?Uighur, Please !!

China knows how to deal with these Muslims.  Send them back.

Check if Sordid Arabia would take them in as they are mudslimes!!!

There is such a thing call karma: when Islam forced converted the then Buddhist Xinjiang,they were threat to the Chinese,now the same people say the Chinese are threatening their survival.

The he11 with them!

Maybe someone will raise money for them on Facebook so they can all become millionnaires.

Terrorists like to talk human rights and have the liberals support them.These guys all start out the same"THEY" are abusing our rights and we rise up to defend ourselves by killing women and children when we commit sucicide, for a reward you will never achieve! True Martyrdom isn't about commiting sucicide for the cause!

All banana Republics do these kinds of deals.

btw, according to agreement, us government supposed to pay their bills until they are settled for "permanganate locations"...even turkey refused to host them officially....

They look innocent enough, until they car-bomb some US marines.

Don't let any more Islamic people come to Palau. They will overrun it by terrorizing it's citizens so they could take over a peaceful loving nation and turn it into a terrorist hotbed.

Muslims will not be happy anywhere. Stop coddling them.

Seems like 600K is enough to support 6 men (all of whom have jobs and are partially self supporting) and their immediate families for more than 3 years. If that money has already dried up then it is because someone, somewhere has pocketed a large chunk of it!

Send them back to China! China knows how to take care of them!

These people are trapped because of the mis-guided, Neocon anti-terrorism campaign.  The American people tolerated Bush and his loony right-wingers and it should be the American people who support these hapless individuals.  Either that, or make Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz, Rice and their misguided cohorts pay for the proper upkeep of these poor individuals.

'Retired' terrorists living in a tropical paradise on the US taxpayer's dime...and complaining?Uighar, Please !!!!!!!!"Former President Johnson Toribiong, who was voted out of office in November in part because of allegations that he misused the funds intended for the Uighurs"That's probably US funds that US taxpayers borrowed from Beijing. Paradise in hell, only US delivers such atrocity.

US kicks these guys out for a reason. Are they not terrorists or terrorist suspects? Why did they leave China to settle down at a Taliban base?

Another key information is missing. Where did Uighurs came from?These people lost their kindom in Mongolia to other tribes. China give them a safe heaven while they were buddhists. Now that they became muslims, they want a piece of China as their own and started ethnic cleansing of anyone else who is not a muslim.

what ever happens do not bring them to the US we already have more than enough freeloaders. Should send all of Africas refugees back where they came from

Swim for it. You get no sympathy from me.

These guys were captured by US troops in Afghanistan in terrorist training camps, no sympathy here. Give them back to the Chinese and let them deal with the problem.

Why don't these Muslims go to Indonesia, which has a bunch of Muslims.

Sorry, guys - that's what you get for following the false prophet. Convert to a real religion and join the rest of the civilized world.

in global jihad, those Uighurs terrorists of china battalion were fighting in chechnya too, some were killed or captured in russia's chechnya. just search youtube....

No country for terrorists.That's way it is.I'd like to see Dave Chappelle do a " Uighur, Please !!" skit about these poor, unfortunate minority terrorists who are living better than ever on the US taxpayer's dime when they should have been thrown out of the plane from Afghanistan to Gitmo 11 years ago.

"We are like the pieces in a chess game,"That is absolutely true.  Once they lose their usefulness to the West they are discarded like a used condom.  The same is true to the Tibetan self-immolators.

Huh?  Looks like Jackie Chan to me.

Is there nothing the Obama administration touches that does not eventually turn to chit?

why are we giving our tax dollars to every little #$%$ ant country in the world, yet won't take care of our own people ???

AP, somehow I just can't seem to believe they were just 'swept up' in Afghanistan and were innocent bystanders for 8 years! That the lefty lib MSM drones made them cause celebs is another thing altogether, LMAO!

The only good terrorist is a dead one !!!!

They should be happy to be alive and free .

Send all terrorists to Middle East.

This will be happening here, real soon. If we don't allow the Pentagon to keep warring for profit with our tax money and borrowing from China, they will sick the drones (now in Djabouti, or somewhere) on us HERE. If I shoot one down over my house should I have a lawyer on speed dial or just REPORT to Gitmo?Ain't nothing to do with China.  It was the US who inprisoned them and it was the US who shipped them there by bribing Palau. Typical of AP slamming China for everythig.

what's the rest of there story.  Were they inoccent or guilty. Why wouldn"t anybody take them?

Strange they cannot be repatriated to Indonesia or Malaysia.

If the US goes and takes someone, for any reason, the US should return them to their homes.

LOL They are terrorists! They had turned over their passport documented to al Q and had been given jihadi names, and were in training at Tora Bora!

terrorists are terrorists, no matter where they are from

Best comments!"Let me guess.... when the jihadists fights Americans in Iraq, Afghanistan and blow up Twin Towers, they are EVIL TERRORIST!!!!But when the same jihadists wants to bomb Beijing, killing Chinese woman and Chinese children, the "Free media" label them as FREEDOM FIGHTERS!!!!!Nope, absolutely no double standard whatsoever."

No European country want to take these terrorists a few years ago when the US decided to release them.  So the US paid Palau to take them.  Now the US is going to stop the payment, that is why these people get into this situation.

So why is the US even involved in this anymore? They were caught being terrorists, the bleeding hearts whined until they got them released, we owe them nothing and they are free to do whatever they want with their lives. Seems like they learned from the bleeding hearts in America that whinning is the way to go.

China, only country in the world to preserve and protect Uighur culture and language. That is a fact. Their children are taught in their own language and writing. This is not done in Mongolia, where they fled from to China for safety, nor even in Turkey!Right, they were in Afghanistan as tourists, not terrorists.   Only an idiot would believe this.

These former terrorists shud not be protesting. At least they are stuck on a beautiful tropical Island.

Yawn...

They need to count their blessings that they're out of Guantanamo, join up with the Bangladeshis who believe the same (false) religion they do, and quit complaining...most of their former neighbors in Xinjiang would probably love to be stranded in paradise!

i hope these vermin breed in palau and spread their peace message there with cia blessings!

Obama found out these actually are CIA contractors assigned to destabilizing China. Don't worry, the Army captain who swept them up was fired.

They can always become suicide bombers and join their virgin in the after life.  LOL

Let me guess.... when the jihadists fights Americans in Iraq, Afghanistan and blow up Twin Towers, they are EVIL TERRORIST!!!!But when the same jihadists wants to bomb Beijing, killing Chinese woman and Chinese children, the "Free media" label them as FREEDOM FIGHTERS!!!!!Nope, absolutely no double standard whatsoever.

This is horrible!  He should get a second job so he can pay for electricity, turn on his TV and watch the next Episode of American Idol!

China has had problems and will continue to have problems with the Islamists in its area. They simply don't want to take in terrorists.This is surely a way to create more terrorists from people who might have been productive citizens otherwise

You include two kids in the picture in order to create innocent impression....well done yahoo you freedumb news !

Keep paying USA and let your own citizens do with less

Sounds like they should have been sent to Taiwan instead of Palau, it's not like China could hate Taiwan anymore than they already do and it's not like Taiwan is in a position to tell the US "no".

These 6 guys burned through 600k in a few years? Did we move them and there families to a 4 star hotel? Smells like another brilliant government decision. Would of been cheaper to leave them in Afghanistan.

the funy thin, ahmat is not China name. look when someone convert as arabic believer, they even choose arabic name and pretend as arab. Fixed it with bacon and bourbon

Kick these Uighur Muslims out of your country before they infest your country and turn it into another islamic stinkhole.

These Uighurs were captured in terrorist training camps.  How can American government release them instead of handing over to China?  Their terrorist attack against Chinese civilians need to receive proper punishment.Has American ever wondered what Chinese think of them because of this?

Sure they are just victims - mjust like there are no guilty people in prisons!  They wanted to kill people in the name of their religion and now can't deal with paying a price!

"remain stuck on Palau because no one else will take them."Would you want these Satanists living next door to you?American Republicans and Chinese Communists; same axs holes, different flag.

Muslim extremeists, planning to do harm to anyone who didn't believe like them.  Should have already been turned over to China.  Obammy isn't he a dandy

Uighur separatists/terrorists planted bombs in buses and movie theaters.

I say drop them off where they where picked up. Spending 600,000 dollars is taxpayer fraud

I take comfort in  the fact that at least they are freeloading on uncle sam's expense!!!!

They eat bat soup in palau, with the face staring up at you.

Palau...Xinjiang...this is going to be a hard geographic course for american readers

"the circumvention of due process in the name of national security."Stupid and uneducated liberal press still can't understand that due process is only afforded to American citizens.Don't feel bad for those Uighur Muslims, don't let the bleeding heart liberal press fool you. Those people are filthy, worthless Islamic #$%$, who wreak havoc everywhere they plant themselves.

Send them to the KIngodmo of Saudi Arabia (THeir Holy Land) and let the House of Saudi pay for them not the American tax payer, failing that send them back to China. What were they doing in Afganistan by the way?

These Uighurs (pronounced #$%$) should've NEVER fallen for CIA and MiT (Turkey's "CIA")-backed anti-China propaganda groups such as the ETIM, WUC, TALIBAN, etc. They' should've had faith in the development and protection of the Uighur Autonomous Region by China's central government. Now LOOK what the Western "free democracies" and their Judeo-Christian fundamentalism and White male chauvinism have brought to you.How about a nice job in Siberia?...I heard their last night watchman froze to death...there's an opening up there

The place looks like a resort to me. Very cool an relaxed. Why move?

This hapless victim had his leg blown off and was captured.  What the hell was he and his buddies from China doing in Afganistan in the first place if not to kill Americans.  It would be nice if the media would report a story from bottom to top.  Don't omit parts to make America and it's soldiers, airmen, and marines look like the bad guys.

"...President Obama's zeal to close Guantanamo — a major campaign promise before his election in 2008 — has waned under congressional opposition."Now we know how much Obama's word is worth.

America's responsibilities.

Go to China!

The Republican elephant has a short memory. Just a few decades ago Republicans were willing to break the law, commit treason by selling missiles to the hostage-taking enemies of America and perpetrate criminal acts in order to support terrorism against Communism. Now, they're all in bed with the Communists in opposition to those once described by Republicans as "Freedom Fighters".

they should Sue the USA and cheney corrupt contractors for False Imprisonment.

They are terrorists, then we figured out they are against China, not us. So we released them and protected them.

Tough krap, they are lucky to be alive. Kill your selves and go meet allah you filthy terrorists. You can always go to china, they know how to deal with you.  And if you are so freaking innocent, what were you doing hanging out in afganistan with the enemy?  Shopping for rugs or goats.I'll take 600,000 from the government and relocate to palo anyday, sign me up!

American right wingers all cozied up with Chinese Communists...isn't that special? In case you forgot; terrorism against Communism is called "Freedom Fighting" at least according to Saint Ronald Reagan.

Check out the house, it not a shanty tin hut be happy,

If the US does not want them, let give them to China. I don't want my tax money supporting these terrorists.

I was reading then got pist and came to the comment section. How about this? Give them 10 grand each and drop them off in pakistan..... trust me they will make it.... and stop wasting our tax dollar harboring terrorists like we don't know what to do with them. Even if they are not terrorist 10 grand will go a long way in their country... at least the money will serve a purpose unlike the billions we give to the Pakistani and Afghan terrorist nations....

What do you call a Muslim that owns a goat and a camel?  Bisexual

"China considers Uighurs held in Guantanamo to be terrorists and has demanded they be repatriated" Send these muslims to China, they sure would know how to handle them.

Since they are not terrorist, it's the part of our government's fault. Let's say. Ask our government to pressure Saudi Kingdom to take them.

They are muslims who want to hurt/kill/conquer all who are not muslims.  They should work in Chinese salt mines for life.

don't blame China, the US created this problemWhy did we attack Afghanistan after all? Taliban did what we did: They got Bin Laden and his followers but they refused to send them to the US since "they would almost certainly face imprisonment or even torture if sent back to " the US.

bring them back to US....James will feed them...and find virgins for them as well

Gasoline Bomb Attack on Chinese Police Station in Hotan.Unidentified men attacked a police station in Hotan prefecture in the troubled Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at the weekend, a Hong Kong-based group said, though details on the incident remain sketchy.The gasoline bomb raid on Saturday came two days after deadly violence was reported between ethnic Uyghurs and Han Chinese in central Xinjiang's Korla city in which, according to official Chinese media, four people were killed and eight others injured.The weekend attack occurred in an area under the Gujiang Bage township in Hotan, the Hong Kong-based Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy said.Details, such as the number of casualties and who was behind the attack, are not known, the center said.The attackers had placed nails at the police station’s entrance to prevent police cars from leaving the station in pursuit of them, it said.At the same time, a Xinjiang netizen, quoting a reliable source, said on China's Twitter-like social media platforms that many armed police were seen at airports and other key transport hubs in the region and that security was very tight.A staff at the police station declined to comment on the attack, but a worker at a nearby motel said heavy police presence was reported in the area.“There are checkpoints and roadblocks everywhere around here. Even if you want to stay in hotels, you have to be checked."Dilxat Raxit, Munich-based spokesman for the exile World Uyghur Congress, said he was informed that security in the southern part of Xinjiang has been tightened."We learnt from various sources that several dozen Uyhgurs have been arrested" following the incidents," he said.Korla incident;Few details were available on Thursday's violence in Korla city, with some reports suggesting the incident could have been sparked by a gambling dispute or by a knife attack by ethnic Uyghurs.Regional spokeswoman Hou Hanmin said the attackers were Uyghurs and that one of the assailants had been detained and police were searching for the others, Agence France-Presse reported.She did not identify the ethnicity of the victims, or state whether the attack was politically motivated.Violence between Han Chinese and Uyghurs rocked the Xinjiang capital Urumqi in July 2009, in China’s worst ethnic clashes in decades.The 2009 violence prompted a harsh crackdown in the Xinjiang region, where Uyghurs chafe under Beijing’s rule and say they have long suffered ethnic discrimination and oppressive religious controls.

Who would welcome Muslim terrorists to their land?

Obama more broken promises even to the good people of Palau - its sad how Obama is ruining  our reputation overseas. Just tell people your from Canada next time you travel, save yourself a whole lot of embarrassment &amp; grief.

They need to relax and smoke some of those thick Palaun Buds. One toke and every place is nirvana. Then they need to learn how to spearfish. Perfect life brah.

Western mentality toward Muslims is so blind, it is incapable of seeing its ugly face, just sick and hypocrite.  Muslims countries are just as sick to leave their brothers slapped around by all walk of lives.

if the obama had a son " it " would look like dat .

What do you call a Muslim that owns 6 goats? A Pimp

" The Uighurs come from Xinjiang, an isolated region of western China that borders Afghanistan, Pakistan and six Central Asian nations. They are Turkic-speaking Muslims who say they have long been repressed by the Chinese government. Many want Xinjiang to become independent, and in recent years, some have staged bombings and other attacks, mostly against police, government and military targets...."The criminally corrupt imperialistic Chinese have the same problem they created for themselves in Tibet. The Chinese prefer to persecute the Tibetans publicly to make them examples because the Tibetans are self-restrained.Since they are muslims, why can't a muslim country take them?  Ask Turkey or Bangladesh.

to the schmuck aka Andrew below.  These #$%$ would hack you to pieces without batting an eye. They are stuck. Got it? They would fight us if given the chance. They shoulda been put to sleep in Afghanistan. Chinese want them. Let them have them!

"It doesn't take a blind man not to notice that nobody wanted to be the first one up to touch the elephant." What?

those guys are evil!! did anyone watch the local news??!! the first week when they got transferred to Palau, in their hotel room, they saw girls in bikini appearing on TV and they smashed the TV set. The were terrorist being trained in Afganistan by the Taliban to attack China. Shame on the US to even let them be free!!!!!!

If they are innocent, maybe that the US should take them since they are the ones who found them. Give them some new ID and find them a job somewhere. I mean with all the Mexicans you have, it's not 2 or 3 Uighurs who are going to make a difference.

Too bad the US dumped this garbage on Palau.  Those are some beautiful islands.  They need to take these guys out for a one way ride.

Bullet to the head.....only cost a quarter, doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out how easy it is

Well the only way...send them back to China.

"They were swept up in Afghanistan as suspected terrorists", hmmm, if they are innocent, why these Chinese muslims ended up in Afghanistan ? This article is missing an important piece.

I seriously don't think anyone connected with this story thought things out. Not the writer, not the editor, not the people that arranged for these men to go to Palau. No one. This is absolutely the worst can of worms that the United States could ever hope for, and trying to put it under "China's shadow" won't change what is underneath all the hoopla and politics.These men were picked up at an Al Qaeda base along with other people. These men just happened to be Uighurs but they were not the only ones there. If these guys are innocent, then so are the other people that they were picked up with - even the ones that were not Uighurs. Have those people been released? If these men were innocent, then they were kept in a military prison for around 8 years. No charges. No lawyers. No cause. That means that the United States would have to openly admit that they have no problem imprisoning and maybe torturing innocent people without any sense of due process. That's the BEST CASE SCENARIO because if they are NOT innocent, then we have to openly admit that we are willing to support terrorists against political rivals. Remember how we treat countries that sponsor terrorism? What does that picture look like now?The only thing that saves this story from doing the type of damage that it could and SHOULD do is the fact that 99% of Americans are asleep at the wheel and if that's a good thing for those in charge, then it's the worst thing possible for everyone else.Another failure for barry the liar. Lots of talk before he has to make the decisions and when he has the ball he punts leaving it for someopne else to figure out. Anyone else notice his only sucesses came from following the plan of the guy who he says was so bad?

What happened to the others dreading in Guantanamo? Why does AP never tell their stories?

American lady sued McDonald for three millions dollars over hot coffee.  I can be accused of  antisemitism  for saying Palestinians have rights to live in Palestine.  On the other hand Muslims are guilty till proven innocent, billion and half of them.  It is hopeless

Let them face due process of the law in China. They've killed innocent Chinese victims and for sure the Chinese government would give them justice they deserve. By the way $600,000 used up in 3 years to feed 5 men? What do they feed them? steaks and caviar? Do they have a 42" plasma TV?

america should accept them as part of their citizen and allow them speak in their own language and writing.allow them freedom of religion -allow islamic law govern their daily life.according to them, english is a foregin language to them.it is very unfair to ask them to learn them since most of america do not keen to learn their uyghur language.why they need to study english?

China is a terrible country. These people aren't Han Chinese, so China doesn't care about them.

Good ol' AP, always finds a bunch of terrorists to defend. "Some have staged bombings and other attacks, mostly against police, government and military targets"; so we should give them a pass for fighting the MAN, right?

This story basically tells the hypocrite double standard of  dirty F%$%%@#$!%&amp; stupid politicians. There is no justice to all, only justice to so called super powers

there a large group of uyghur community in america.do they speak uyghur language to normal american people?do they attend uyghur school in america?they  would get an employment in america by not speaking english.america is a democratic nation.no forced assimilation happen.

Muslims do not adapt to your society. You must adapt to theirs. Send all Gitmos to Palau, see what will happen.If these Uighurs are innocent, they should be allowed to stay in US as refugees. The US government know they are terrorists, but these animals are believed to target Chinese only, so the government released them, but would not let them to live here, because you never know if they will bite you some day.

What an evil hypocrite world.  They still bashing Muslims instead of apologizing .  Some people have no shame, most people when it comes to Muslims.  Thanks Allah for making me among Muslims.

no electricity, no job, no decent life. soon the palau repression will force these freedom fighters  to fight again for their freedom. they'r born to be free.

Saudi Arabia should grant them asylum, me think.

soon they will be freedom fighters in palau fighter agaist palau repression.

they can survive in palauafter fifty years they'll havea fishing community in palaua andanother century they will ownpalau.

us should declare war on china cuz' these chinese citizens were killing gi's when captured in the anti-terrorists war in afganistan.

Put them on a Black Hawk and at 5000' throw them out, along with their families. Better yet. just shoot them.  There wives can be sent to one of the compounds in Turkey to work off the 600 thousand they need to repay the US

some have staged bombings and other attacks, mostly against police, government and military targets._____________________________________________________________yet, the western media are speaking on behalf of them.how about osama story?would western media take the same stance in regard those attacker 911 incident?siding them

come to china ?  Uighurs are muslims who have caused a lot of problems in China, just as muslims have caused problems around the world ! They would get a fair trial in China :)dooshbag, you were caught during the raid. why were u there in afghanistan? I am sure u were not partying. ha

the only job they can do well is to kill others and phark their sibling women, living on a dole

if they kill americans, they'r terrorists due to indiscriminate killing of lives. if they'r killing chinese, they'r freedom fighters due to grievance from chinese suppressions.

In the back ground you can see why the are not welcome NO HOME NO JOB YET THEY ARE BREEDING

These terrorists should work in Palau to make a living. They can not be on public dole. I thought since they can blow up themselves to hurt innocent people, they don't really value life, but they do propagate. Maybe they love sex, and the kids are juat a byproduct.

they released from gitmo?good guy never spend a day in gitmo.the govt should send the author into gitmo because i suspect that he was accomplice- speaking good thing about those terrorist.

I feel sorry for these people. They were fighting the Chicoms and went to Afghanistsn to train. They did not go to fight the US. I say give them assylum here. Chinazis are the enemy here

Jackie Chan is a terrorist?

So the CIA believes that China is more dangerous than Al-Qaeda.

palau belongs to the philippines, it was managed by spaniards based on manila until US imperialists took over and cut it off from the rest of the philippinesI haven't read anything to demonstrate that these people are terrorists.  China condemns them because they are different; China wants to control all people on their soil; the Chinese government cannot be reasoned with and no one has rights even those who bow down to the government.  Why can't the U.S. grant them asylum?

It is very sad. China must let the Uigurs go !!!

how about  native america frustration?they want a independent america truly belongs to them.their homeland.they have no right or no control over the resources in their land.how many revenue from those resources go into native america pocket?at least, in xinjiang, there are some han chinese know how to speak uyghur language.how many of them in congress do know the language of native america or their president native language(kenya language)?do you see obama spoken in their own native language?can imagine the most powerful person in the nation cannot freely speak in their own native language,how about those other powerless, poor ethnic minority in america?obama was under pressure and repression to behave or speak like "real american"

The Uighurs made a wrong/stupid decision of joining in Afghanistan where they will surely fight with the US for the US could surely empathize with them in their struggle against China stealing their land. Now, China had the reason/excuse to lean on the US to declare them terrorists, which will be an advantage to China.What does China wants with the Uighur's land? Oil and a buffer zone--just like Tibet with their natural resources and a buffer zone.

why all these muslim do not want to live in their holy land,saudi arabia- much closer to their god.like the jew- live near Jerusalem- it is their holy land

What did China have to do with this. They were caught in Afghanistan camp by US troop.  US put them in prison for 8 years &amp; found out they are actually anti-Chinese? If so, why would China want these anti-Chinese terrorist? They should be happy that China don't let them back or they just put them in prison for life.Why shipping them back to Afghanistan is not a option?  That's the place they caught them &amp; should return them there. Unless the US afraid they will join the terrorist again. If they are innocent , the US should reimburse them their 8 years of freedom since US like to talk about it all the time. Give them a green card and let them stay in US as anti-Chinese fighter.

Wish i could help them get independence...Chinese diplomacy is in a bubble, and lacks humanity.

Come on Muslim world, step it up if each of you donated a whole dime they and Palau would be very content.

What Happened to “World Trade Centre Building 7″ on 9/11?who are the real terrorists