"Twinkies sale approved by judge"(except in NYC)

even if they hire back the bakers with no union, the union knows in a year or two they will vote to unionize again, I don't see any investor hiring the laid off bakers, their loyalty is to the union, not the company!!!

Bet those idiots who paid $100 for the "last" box of Twinkies are feeling pretty stupid now.

Let there be Twinkies!

Please God---don't let them be made in China.

No rush, my 1973 Twinkies and Snowballs, should still be good and fresh as the day they were made. Don't need em in a fallout shelter any more, might as well eat em up. Yum.....

In New York City you'll soon need a court order just to be able to buy a Twinkie.

It has been awhile since I've had a Twinkie, oh good grief, I'm having Hostess withdrawal symptoms, PLEASE HURRY!

Watch for Twinkies to be made in Mexico, just like Fig Newtons and a lot of other products.  NAFTA was a big mistake, just like Ross Perot said it would be.  Your "representatives" at work.

i say no union this time and make 'em bigger. i'll pay 50 cents more..i'm just hoping the new owners don't change the recipe to save bucks.

I'm having a difficult time fighting off the zombie virus.... I need the Cup Cakes and Cinnamon Rolls STAT! Please HURRY!

Hurry, please! It's downright disappointing to walk in and see THEIR shelves bare, or with sparsely strewn sub-par pastries trying to fill the void. My tummy be rumbling!

TWINKIES!!!

Not a chance in HeII I would allow the unions back in.

I wonder how many of those union members will get their jobs back ?

Now the union "shares" the enthusiasm! They caused the downfall so screw the unions and hire only non-union workers. There are thousands of unemployed who would be thrilled to have those non-union jobs! Union workers had their chance and were too greedy so let them sit it out for awhile.

Fitting that this article was headlined New York where the food police are in charge.

Will Ferrell? !!!! Yikes !!!! I will never eat another one again.

I hope non of these new bakery's has a freaking Union to screw things up again !!The Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers International Union said it believed "our highly-motivated and skilled workforce will serve as indispensable partners in the seamless re-opening of factories."...If they were really indispensable they never would've been laid off in the first place...and "highly motivated" means unemployed.. the union only wants them to get jobs so they can start collecting union dues again!

Thank god Bloomberg isn't in the approval loop.

Those "union" workers KNEW their walkout would destroy the company (and cost thousands of other workers their jobs), and yet they did it anyway. They would be fools to rehire those fools.

Seems everyone will be a winner except the Baker's Union which is find for me.

I go to my local food haunt and go straight to the twinkie shelf and it's bare, no ding dongs, no twinkies, no zingers, no cup cakes... This is good news... Little Debbies just don't cut it...

It'll do my taste buds and me good to have them back.

Just remember, for those who don't like the treats, you're always welcome to not eat the damn things!

Please get the ovens baking soon...I haven't been able to buy a SuzieQ in ages!

"our highly-motivated and skilled workforce will serve as indispensable partners in the seamless re-opening of factories."Translation: We are the ones who helped bankrupt the last owners and we are ready to go to work for you.

put them on the shelf--my lips are smacking--OMG...Twinkies in NY?   The Mayor will NEVER sleep!!  Soda...ciggs...now Twinkies....might be too much for him.  There will not be a "twinkle" in his eye...just tears.

Why would they hire the workers that help Hostess go out of in the first place.  That union only help the workers out of a job.

First rule of new twinkie owners - no unions.

$410 million for Twinkies.  I never knew stoners had that much money.

The Unions caused all this.Time to re-start with a clean slate.I wager,, outside vendors will be very involved in the production.

Whew my summer is saved. It wouldn't be summer without seeing twinkies, ding #$%$, cupcakes etc. on the shelves. Also I am not so sure the original workers will be hired back. Why would a company take a chance on people who don't wish to negotiate when the company they work for is in trouble? Yeah I would hire all new workers.

Twinkies being sold to a pair of investment firms. Doesn't that just scream deliciousness?

YESSSSSS!

I would storm the judges house and check it for snackcakes.i will bet the basement is full!

Bet the directors of Hostess got out with huge chunks of cash. The workers got the pink slips.When will Merita Bread be back?

it may work to bust the union, but, I don't know about, still breaking bones any more, I can tell you that there are some out fits that may not even be union shops, that will send some guerrillas around, if a person says union once too much around there.

the current ones on the shelve should last a 1000 years, why make more?

thank you judge you are a wonderful man who will soon be blessed by the almighty what a wise decision ! twinkies are back! and non to soon only have 2894 packages left in the storage locker I rented when I heard they were ceasing production now I can breathe easy again noting better then boones farm and twinkies ! my girlfriend always wants sex tell her to leave me alone am happy with my twinkies boones farm and internet porn praise the lord!

Keep the unions out or go down the tubes again in a few years. Hire back the workers, but eff the unions.

The "indispensable" Union is, in large part, what caused Hostess to fail.  I hope the new owners do not make the same mistake.

From NBC business news...Hostess Brands also is asking for a judge's approval to give its top executives bonuses totaling up to $1.8 million as part of its wind-down plans.The company says the incentive pay is needed to retain the 19 corporate officers and "high-level managers" during the liquidation process, which could take about a year. Two of those executives would be eligible for additional rewards depending on how efficiently they carry out the liquidation. The bonuses would be in addition to their regular pay.The bonuses do not include pay for CEO Gregory Rayburn, who was brought on as a restructuring expert earlier this year. Rayburn is being paid $125,000 a month.

F%$K twinkies.  I want SNOWBALLS!!!

I buy LITTLE DEBBY "CLOUD CAKES" THEY ARE TWINKIES !!!! And at $3.09 a box SAME GREAT TASTE !!!!! :&gt;)

You can't eat them in brainwashing camp (public school) because they are gun shaped.Good luck with that   Tasty cake and others have filled the void. Even 7-11 is making their own products. Do you think they are going to pull their own product to put someone else's on the shelf. They will never regain the market share they once had.

If you hire union workers and management again, i will boycott your products, please dont re hire any union thugs.

Hope a union shop is not involved or we are doomed. SKUNKS

There is only one thing that could screw up a business faster than a union and that is the US govt!!!

I like Ding Dongs better than Ho Hos.Oh my gosh what have I said ?????

Soon Twinkies will be based down rinsed out crystallized and finally.....Crack Twinkies

Strawberry Twinkies.Coffee cake Twinkies with Macadamias.

Put the Twinkies down lardass and go to the gym!

If you want it to be a success and continue to be one keep the unions out of it.

so who got chocodiles and please tell me they will market them better than hostess did ( I would like to see chocodiles at every walmart in the USA and not just finding them when I get lucky or ordering them offline at an extremely inflated rateI still say "distribution" killed Hostess. How is this company going to hire drivers, mechanics, buy trucks, rent warehouses to distribute 10 or 20 different items. They must have a different plan. I wish them well.

NON UNION Twinkies, hurrah! Can't wait.

Reflect on  how broke we are in America next time you eat a Twinkie.

Why do they have to re-hire the union people. Did anyone say that had to hire union? Wasn't it the union that finally put Hostess in the ground to begin with? Management better negotiate a good deal assuming they have to bargain again. Else the Twinkies go stale again.

Wow, the company who owns Pabst, Carls Jr &amp; Hardee's now also owns Twinkies. Perhaps they should also invest in some companies that make diabetes monitors &amp; ambulances, since that is where their products are sending their consumers!!!

What of Zingers? What offff Zingers?

"our highly-motivated and skilled workforce will serve as indispensable partners in the seamless re-opening of factories." TRANSLATION = "our lazy, stupid, overpaid union workforce will pick up right where they left off - trying to kill the company with their entitled approach"

Can't really believe anyone would still eat those nasty things

the old bust the union trick works again-dont even have to break legs anymore

Do not hire the union workers backAdding extra items and flavors is what got Hostess into a deficit.  Stick to the three tried and true items and should do well.

mayor bloomberg will bann them within a month here in New York City..

So where in China will these things be made?

I'll bet a Ding #$%$ going into a Ho Ho will make a Creme filled Twinkie! ;)

I'll be buying them that'll be the first thing I do when they start being sold again.

Kelly Clarkson has them in her garage

here's to all the jackasses that just payed 50 bucks for a package of twinkies on ebay

Twinkies are  comming  back, everything is good  America  again ,.

Sounds like a lot of guys were getting Blue SnowBalls waiting for the return of the Twinkie.

The union made hostess what it was and greedy corporate office destroyed it!!Tallahassee will be very happy to hear the news.

If they let the unions back in that would be a stupid move. Remember they were responsible for the bankruptcy in the first place.

Haha......too bad for the lunkheads on eBay that are charging $10,000 for Twinkies!

They better NOT hire those POS workers back!

Now I feel sorry for the poor saps who bought and hoarded boxes of Twinkies on eBay for an ungodly amount.

Despite the craving of some of these posters for this non-food, the tastes of Americans are changing, and Hostess didn't adapt. Even McDonald's is savvy enough to put salads on its menu.

Forget the nasty Twinkies...start producing my Devil Dogs.

The unions killed them last time hope the new owners were paying attention.

Thank God!  The twinkie has been saved!  What would our fat lazy Americans do without twinkies, ding dongs and the like.  An American tradition worth saving for the sake of obesity.

Time for new, nonunion. Have employes sign nonunion clause.I hope the new owners go NON-UNION and DON'T hire a single one of the union bakers back. THEY VOTED FOR a 100% pay cut and the destruction of a great company instead of a tiny roll back on their already bloated salaries. They deserve to be unemployed for a while. Besides, it isn't like it takes any great skill to hit a giant button to dump the ingredients into the giant mixer.

Ask Paul Newman's company NEWMAN'S OWN about how much PROFIT you need to continue to do business, EVEN AFTER PAYING ALL WORKER'S SALARIES.Union salaries are just part of the cost of doing business... these businesses did not have a problem meeting their cost of doing business, they had a problem increasing PROFIT, for which PROFIT IS NOT A REQUIREMENT TO DOING BUSINESS AND PROFIT IS NOT A REQUIREMENT FOR CONTINUING TO DO BUSINESS.   That's Business 101, and if you learned otherwise, you failed and they failed you.

I bet Honey Boo Boo is happy as a pig in #$%$ about this news.

THE UNION NEEDS TO GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

UNION? You are nothing but a money grubbing naysayer and have outlived your usefulness. Go away.

So not only is twinkies horrible to their employees they are racist too ? They didnt want the Mexicans to get it

Bloomberg will ban them!

Twinkie Co. sold to someone in North Korea.  I wonder who.

Twinkies, Ding Dongs, and Cupcakes...What is a Gay persons dream Alex.

Chris Christie wants the first five trailer loads delivered to his house.Yea!! Life without Twinkies is not life!

The union makes the workers go on strike, even when they have good jobs, and the workers end up with no jobs at all. Its time to fire the Unions!

Despite evidence upon evidence upon evidence that the unions were the only party trying to SAVE the company in the first place and the management were literally ROBBING the company and the pension funds blind, there are fools on this board that STILL blame the $13/hr workers.  Jesus F'in Christ people!

Bummer...there is enough junk food to purchase and consume.

Ya know what urrr saying about unions i was in one they suck

I can already hear Twinkie lovers' arteries hardening, in anticipation of the time they'll be able snarf down loads of these (admittedly) sinfully tasty treats again.

I really hope they use non-union bakers.

Keep those fat snacks away from America!

KILL THE PINK SNOWBALLS!!!

Thank God!!  Now start pumpin' 'em outto twink or not to twink , that is the question.

Yea! The return of the ultimate comfort/junk food! We should be able to eat all the twinks we want!

Let the deep fried twinkies begin!

I don't even like twinkies but I will eat them when they come back out. Forbidden twinkies taste better.

I remember the real old Twinkies and they changed something and were never as good.  They should sell a classic version for what is left of us that remember.

I can think of a few spokesmen for Twinkies. Woody Harelson or Dan Akroyd, Harold Ramis, and Ernie Hudson

Apollo Global Management and Metropoulos &amp; Co. should rename itself to Population Control, Inc.

Selling food products to a beer company? It wont be long before they have them cooked with beer too. What a waste. I was cheering for Little Debbie!

Which is a better chance to take:$.01/share dividend today, stock valuation $78/share, Union workers... 70yr existence...or$.80/share dividend today, stock valuation $12/share, Non-Union Workers... 7yr existence...Thumbs up for the $.01/share dividend.Same industry, which one is better?It's not the UNION that destroys, it's the GREED.

I LOVE IT when these alQaeda supporters (Anti-WORKER, Anti-UNION) place their ignorance, their tactics and/or strategy on impeding American progress, and outline the assumptions that they run on justifying their alQaeda-supportive position on record.Twinkies kill 20,000 Americans a year. I'm sick of working just to pay for you fat mid-westerners to have heart-attacks!

Ever think of what kind of liveing the minium wage worker makes, or dont you even care