He publically acknowledged the trip would not have any results, but went ahead and is spending the big bucks anyway. Waste of taxpayer money.

Did you know over this weekend that tens of thousands of unwitting little people  in Europe have had their bank accounts ripped off over the long weekend by their own government, in a fashion where their ripped off funds were already a fait accompli before word began to leak out over social media?  Yep, that's right.Mainstream media reports are already describing the robbery of ordinary depositor’s money as a “one-off levy”, and writing “the first time a deal has called for savers to sacrifice some of their cash holdings”.The European Union is run by mainly socialist politicians whose agenda is based on the redistribution of assets and goods.  America is now under the clutches of a Marxist president following the same playbook.  I'd get my $$ out of the banks if I were you.  I already have.

Thats ok  , we are not  enthusiastic  with him  either,,

Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visitguess they are watching the news in the United States

Welcome to the club, Palestinians.We here in America have the same problem. If you think Obama is for Israel, think again. He is all for Muslim Brotherhood. That woman in the picture next to the Obama's posters looks like she is giving him the Italian Salute( F----U )as she uses her purse to complete the salute. It seems people have more freedom to express themselves in the Middle East than we do.

President Barack Obama will find a disillusioned USA public, skeptical about his commitment to the USA.  Why should he help other countries?

Our country wanted to believe that Obama was going to make a difference. They dislike him just as much as Bush. The only difference is, usually the media doesn't report it

Wow- both sides don't like him.  Now tell us again how Obama is restoring our standing in the world.

hmmm......they feel the same way most of us here in USA feel

I'm unenthusiastic about Obama's return!

It means the administration could not hand pick the crowd to pose behind Obama!He won't stay long their golf course is now a mine field

As a group, many Americans are disappointed also, with Obama and the people in Congress

here comes that "hope and change" ,,would you keep him

Listen UP Obummer: STOP giving US taxpayer's money to freeloaders overseas!! End ALL foreign aid!! This is a DIRECT ORDER!!

They seem to feel the same way as we do about Obama!

The sequester did nothing to curb Obama's traveling, yet school children can't tour theWhitehouse. Our President is clueless.

How ironic, the Palestinians don`t want him either. To bad we can`t post those signs on every street in America.

I find this article irresistibly funny. The great, blessed St. Barrack discovered by even the Palestinians for the hollow man he is. Too bad Americans are the most naive people on the planet.

It is often said when someone makes everyone mad he is doing something right, but in this case Obama is doing everything wrong.

They may not like him there, but we're glad he's gone, we can open the White House while he's away and change the locks before he comes back.Gee, the Palestinians have more in common with us than I thought.

Mideast peace sounds like an oxymoron. The only peace I have heard interviews with people from those areas talking about as individuals is the peace that they develop within themselves. How can outsider people change centuries of their way of behaving toward each other.

I guess they like him as much as we do in the U.S.

King putz the two-bit community organizer will give what's left of the USTreasury courtesy of the raped tax payer.

He will apologisze about America's behaviour, give them money and all will be well.

So, if I understand the article Palestinians are smarter than Obama voters?

Americans are unenthusiastic about Obama returning.

Could this be a one-way trip ?

Unenthusiastic?welcome to our world!

So he insults Israel, ignores the Palestinians, turns his nose up at Americans, and scoffs at the British.  Yes, a great uniter indeed.  It seems everybody is equaly disillusioned with the man.Muslims can recognize a liar.

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit".... GET IN LINE PALESTINIANS. Half of America feels the same way!

Nobody ever learns.  Obama serves Obama.

The Palestinians also recognize that Obama is an empty suit, spouting empty words and offering empty promises.

If they kiss his ring, King Obama will send them millions of hard earned tax dollars.

The minute his plane lifts off we need to change the locks on America.

He hasn't kept any promises he made to get elected why would he keep his promise to Palestinianso

Maybe the gay palestinians will welcome him?

don't worry, americans hate him too.

Well......so much for talking the Palestinians into wanting to trade for himThey know trouble when they see it !

Put a poster up with his face crossed out and all hell will break loose from the lapdogs and there would cries of racist throughout the black communities.

hope they have better security for Obama than Obama had for the us ambassador in benghazi

I figured he'd be bowing down to Allah with them.

I assure you, Americans want obama here even less.

How dare they not honor the "chosen one" -- if they will just allow our "community organizer" a chance to use his teleprompters -- his minions will give him wonderful things to say --- we -- here in the United States are so blessed with his presence -- "Obama bin lyin" is a wonderful leader ---

United States unenthusiastic about Obama's return.

don't think for a second obama gives a rats as!@#$ what the palestinians think or the Israelis think ! obama is in the middle east to stir up hatered , peace is not his goal ! obamas goal is domainance over ISRAEL !

Hmmm, interesting. They are unenthusiastic about President Obama's visit, and WE are unenthusiastic about his return!

Unfortunately, this just proves Palestinians are smarter than Democrats (which make up half of our electorate)Damn, I was hoping they'd keep him! Mr Unity fails again.

We don't like him either....

This should be solved by the Brits. Only one problem. The are owned. So it's up to USA to be the mules.  Since ww 1. Why Brits ? Palestine for fake Israel Rothchild hostage bail out at ww`1. It 's no wonder a Hitler.

I like the "X" mark on Obama's face in the posters.  Very nice touch.

How safe will he be on the ride through the settlements? This requires a lot of security, one can only keep his fingers crossed.

When both sides dont like you, that means you dont do anything right. Which means you are a flim flam...Only his supporters are not willing or unable to see it but the rest of the world is seeing it clearly...

The Palestinians don't believe the President?  Nothing new here.  Heck, there aren't all that many in the US who believe him.

The Palestinians are disillusioned with Obama and he doesn't really have Israel's back.    Obviously, his leading from behind policy isn't working out too well.

You can't blame the Palestinians,he's like an incurable venereal disease.

The U.S. opposed Palestinian membership in the U.N. A lot of other countries did not.Why would the Palestinians be enthusiastic about the visit of the U.S. President?Finally something Americans and Palestinians can agree on

I don't think granting them citizenship to USA will make him popular.

What part of his foreign policy is working?

Yeah, we know how they feel. I cringe when he comes on the TV using up free air time to blame others and talk in generalities about what he wants to do. He's used so many distractions to keep from talking about the economy he's like a cheap Vegas magician, LOOK it's gay rights, LOOK it's Storm Sandy, LOOK it's gun control, LOOK it's green energy, to keep us from seeing his playing cards falling on the floor.

After promising Muslims all kinds of love at the beginning of his presidency and droning them to death thereafter, I would expect they would see the light.

Whoah,woah,woah !! Is it our job to stop you from killing each other ?We have our own problems to deal with.You want peace,figure it out yourselves.World peace went out with the buggy whip.

" Forget this barren land !   Come to America and I will give you a free cell phone , food stamps, Section 8 housing , free healthcare , education , and the right to vote -- Democratic , of course ! "  .........................................................

our politicians have ruined our national image to the world ---nobody like the US anymore--

Obama is a mug wump, sitting on the fence with his mug on one side and his wump on the other, before long he has to realize he cannot please everyone

Unenthusiastic? Disillusioned? Skeptical? Disappointed? -- Sound familiar to us, too.No kidding.Whats so bad is the lap dog media will puch more stories about how Israel is the bad guy.

Why should Palestine be different than any other country?  The whole world knows that Obama is not the man he purported to be.

I don't know why he's going there..He won't make a difference.

lets bring these signs here,can't do any worse

Trust Me,,,The Feeling's Mutual.

all they want is for him to bring the tax payers check book with him.

is it possible obama might want to just stay there and vacation for the next 4 years. I have no problem w/that.

They are not alone...

At least he only visits you ONCE a year!

Of course they don't want to hear his message about peace, tolerance, the fact that the US is broke now and won't be sending any money their way,...Wow! The AP printed this article? The truth? Go figure...

So Palestininines don't care for liers.  Go figure.

I'm unenthusiastic about his return....

be a man Barry and go walk the streets.

Maybe he will get more than a shoe thrown at his head.

Now they know how we feel.

Ah yes Obama the great uniter! lol

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit"So are Americans

Remember when Bush would go somewhere and protestors would be there.  And the Dem's would go "what a lousy President".  But now that Obama gets the same treatment and Iran, Afganistan, North Korea, Israel and the UK are doing it, the Dem's are not saying anything.  Comments anyone?

Ah, they must all be racists, isn't that right Chris Matthews?Have to agree with Palestine on this oneWe Americans are not too crazy about him either (well at least those with any common sense left)

So are we... I'd say WAY below enthusiastic. Hope he stays over there.

A lot of US citizens are unenthusiastic when Obama returns home too...

Obama will do anything to avoid fixing the united states.  he is wasting taxpayers money going to countries that see him for what he is a terrorist

After suffering disappointments during the first Obama administration, Americans see little reason for optimism in his new term either!

Finally, we have common ground with the Palestinians as half the country is unenthusiastic by him as well! By the way, how can he still travel with Sequestration under way? Now we all see why he says his is the party of choice! What he means is HIS choice!

Palestine people know Obama better than most americans. This drone ashkenazi gangster poodle pres has to be told what is unconstitutional by judges and the public. Pathetic.

For once, I can agree with Palestinians.

People in Palestine know an aysewhole scuzlim when they see one!America doesn't like him either!  Only the welfares and foodstamps like him in America.

does air force one have solar and wind power aboard? they aren't polluting the friendly skies are they?And the world laughs.

I told ya! They don't want him either. How about Kenya?

When your own ideological and co-religionist brothers turn on you,  you are truly a loser.

Guarantee they are not as disillusioned and or skeptical of his commitments to anything he talks about then the people here in America!

The only people who like Obama are the millions of illegalsinvading our country!

If they do not like Obama, they must be racist.

Aw shucks, We was hoping you would like Obama so much that you would keep him there...

Why wouldn’t Barack salute the American flag?It was ours.

Obama be a good poodle now.. Or else the spoiled zio war monger bully gangsters will demand more taxpayer hush money. By the way Clinton dumped enough money there already . As well as the Neocons...

could we put up posters of carter, Clinton and Obama.....see who is the most popular?maybe he will just stay there! he is of no use in america! and please take harry and nancy with you obama!

If there was a new episode of Honey Boo Boo I wouldn't have even read this article.

Obama is a fraud !!

And make sure the Marines have rubber bullets, and are told to stand down.

Obama neither one of those countrys wants you there. So why are you wasting our money and their's  by going to them

There are some things I have learned in my over 76 years on earth. Everybody that call themselves The Prophet ain't no prophet . Liar yes but no prophet. What I am disillusioned about is my tax dollars being spent on every country in the world . Then when we have a deficit the Republicans want to blame it on entitlements. Even Blind Lemon Johnson could have seen if you spent your tax money all over the world won't none be left for you. I am disillusioned alright at young whippersnappers trying to take a leak down my pants leg and then tell me it is raining. Who do these young folks think we are ? Being old don't make us crazy.

Man... as soon as Bush is gone... the world will love us.....

I suspect Obama will promise millions of dollars to the Palestinians while the Seret Service stands guard at the White house to insure that no school children gain entrance for their class day tour.

The world recognizes that Obama has absolutely no leadership skills. It's unfortunate that he is our US President!

"Obama will not present any new peace initiatives"  Why should this be a shocker? He hasn't had one new and original thought since he took office!!!After his "world-changing" Cairo speech, the Muslim world still doesn't trust Obama.  Neither does the Capitalist world!

We no how you feel, we hate him here again. Please keep him over there you can have him, watch out those he'll spend trillions in a week.

The Palestinians disillusionment, skepticism and disappointment in Obama are only surpassed by the American taxpayers.

Disillusionment is an obie trait and has always been so.

Stop "obstrucking" . News flash  OYWai . Netanyahu is a fascist . He has no interest in peace . Then there would be no reason for a fake Israel.

they don't want him?  we don't want him either!  perhaps Kenya will take back that piece of @#$%, after all he was born there to that harlot!

The good news, he's only visiting you. Eventually, he will return to continue to plague America.

Everybody is starting to see through this POS!

the Palestinian Authority have shown by their actions that they have no interest in peace.

im no politician but i know one thing and that is there will NEVER be peace in the middle east  neverWhy are we recognizing a terrorist state?

nobody but free schit getters welcome him here.

Let's see if Obama will send.. I take that back we are at war in Syria and a whole host of Obama poodle wars. Ie Libya, Baharain. Yemen, parts of africa...

Just how Americans feel!

guess what palestinian?  he's unwelcome in a lot of america too.

The trip is just another ploy so 0bama can give off an appearance of being some kind of world leader. When everyone except the US media knows better.

So are the Americans .

The only people who are enthusiastic about obama visiting anywhere outside the USA are Americans!

An AP article about BO that isn't all sunshine and flowers? What is this world coming to?  I have seen a few unposed, unflattering pictures lately as well.  Hmmmmmm.Speechifyer isn't going to change 1500 years of unrest in the Middle East anytime soon and definitely not change a Palestinians mind about anything.

The Palestinians aren't disillusioned. They see the reality of Obama's visit. Without the US playing Israel's bodyguard the entire world would be boycotting the Jewish state.status quo...

Dont you just hate pictures of Obama? The liberals always try to make him look so magnanimous. Its disgusting.

There is nothing Barack Obama can do to help them.  The peace will come when the others decide to leave Israel alone.

I am unenthusiastic about his return to the USA.

For once this American agrees with Palestinians.

They welcome a fellow terrorist with open arms. Do not trust the media.

The Palestinian behavior doesn't seem to match the headline; typical of Yahoo when writing about 0bama.

This is a waste of a trip and money. You look at every President since Carter trying to 'bring peace in this region' and it's the same #$%$. Here's Obama's chance to earn his Nobel Peace Prize, haha.

Perhaps when Dear Leader gets back, he can face impeachment on:* Fast and Furious and the following judicial obstruction* Murders and planned murders of US Citizens by drone* "Recess" appointments--when Congress was in session* Appointment of so called "Czars" without Senate approval* Suing Arizona for enforcing Federal laws* Illegal alien amnesty by executive order* Instituting Cap and Trade via the EPA after it failed in Congress* Refusal to prosecute Black Panthers for Voter intimidation* Refusal to enforce the Defense of Marriage Act* Illegally conducting war against Libya* The incredible ineptness and then cover-up of Bengazi* Gun Control Executive orders in direct conflict with the Second Amendment

Why dont stay home and do his JOB, nobody there wants that MUSLIM there, he will do more harm than good.why are there so many fools that think Israel is the problem when dealing with the sand jeggers in the Middle East ?

I think it's hilarious how Obama keeps bowing to Muslims, appeasing Muslims, and funding Muslim countries on taxpayer money, snubbing Israel.......and Muslim nations STILL can't stand him! LOL!!  Liberals, just face it: You're the most delusional fools in history........

Imagine that; this occupier is sinking America and thinks he has the solution for the middle East? And chickens have lips.

you can have him.

If he can't help the US, how is he going to "help" anyone else?

Israel and Palestinians are disillusioned with President Obama.  I guess that's what happens when you totally lack any sort of foreign policy.

Obama easy to hate if you don't drink his koolaid----Many of the American idiots love him even more as he F-----s up the world with his stupid ideas and tax payer expense

How can an article like this be written?  Barack is the cat's meow isn't he? I thought Hillary the Great had pointed out how much the Middle East had improved their views of America under our Nobel Peace Winner!

He's not fooling them. When are a majority of Americans going to wake up???

Israel is unenthusiastic too..wow....that looks like the same way people where I live  act when Obama is coming to town too!

Isreal isn't overjoyed by Obama's visit either

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit"....that's Ok, most of America (other than hollywood) feels the same way.

Palestinians in Israel recieve more foreign iad than does the entire non-Muslim population of Africa. But they still they cry "we don't have enoug.  we need more money".

Where's a good suicide bomber when you really, really need one?

the only ones in America that await his return are the illegals and handout and entitled "ones"

It's pretty pathetic when even Palestinians know Obama is a liar... and half of our country is too stupid to even care....

Sounds like he is campaigning to me. What office is he running for over there?

First I really dont care about either !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The emperor has no clothes.Wow even he bad guys don't like Obama.  How did 51% of Americans get so brainwashed?

lol.  I bet he even drums up gun and ammo sales there as well...

lawrence - "I tink Obama is going to surprise everyone. He is going to tell yahoo to freeze squatters or get cut off from his welfare check from the usa."  Well the terrorist fake Israel gangsters are not just going to "get cut off from his welfare check from the usa" It's free money ..

Obama has pretty much put the Kibosh on the meeting, by saying in a nutshell, nothing will come of it, but I'm showing my face over there.  WHOO HOO!!  Why waste our money then?

You mean there are people in this world unlike so many Americans where President Obama can't baffle them with Bull.

Palestine - PLEASE take him!  If you don't want to keep him, sell him to Iran.  They are good at holding hostages and democrats always treat them so nicely for the favor.  But make sure they agree to hold him for at least three and a half years.  They can sequester him in one of the bunkers where they are making nuclear medicine.  Or they can send him back to Kenya. Oh, and when you find out that he doesn't really think that the Muslim call to prayer is the most beautiful sound in the world, you will know with us that he is not only a congenital liar but a universal liar as well.  One word of advice though:  Don't let him organize any of your neighborhoods.  Just look at Syria.

Obama is a Wallstreet Ashkenazi gangster poodle . Nobody like the Asheknazi's  gangsters  and their stolen flag and apartheid .. ethnic cleaning .. Ashkenazi gangster Terrorist since ww1. From Russia mostly. Site of Holocaust 70 genocide.

Who paid for the hundreds of giant Obama posters?

No wonder the world thinks the US is so arrogant... We line their streets with images of our president's turned up nose! Sheesh!

How did obombo go about "buying" is Nobel Peace Prize.  That was a hoax if there ever was one.  He didn't and hasn't done anything good for America.  We are waiting for the next election and throwing a party because he is out of the picture.You think??????  We are and have been unenthusiastic about him for 4+ years,  And yes, the idiots re-elected him...go figure.

when you have Louis Farrakhan AND David Duke supporting palestinians, something's up

Obama can't fool the Palestinians, but had no problems with 47% of Americans.

Axelrod and Jarrett got their puppet Obama out of the country with all the dissention about taxes , illegal immigration , unemployment , gun owner's rights , the deficit , out of control spending , drones , sequestration , slashing the military , food stamp nation , the debt , etc.......

America is also unenthusiastic about his ability to lead his own Country.........

I am sure they'd be hyped to have Ol' Ahmadinejad pay them a visit. Maybe bring then a radioactive suitcase as a present... "not for military purposes of course"...

When the President does not really work on any issue, but wants to speak and lecture with charm, people will be dissolutioned since there is no benefit for any one whether Israeli or Palestinian. Obama has never executed anything be it N. Korea, Iran and Libya. In Libya, almost all democrats totally watched US ambassador and some US citizens get murdered and pretend it was a spontaneous act. Basically, he has given a go ahead to many countries that he is not going to act on anything and simply give speaches. This is a sign of a weak President and really history will judge him like that. He also does not know how to work with people with different opinions and therefore there is a stalemate in Washington on any issue. He cannot change as he has been very erratic in blasting Republicans on everything and no he wants to charm them. In a society, trust building is important which he sorely lacks. I understand the Palestinians about their dissolutionment about Obama going there. I sympathize with both Palestinians and Israelis for not getting that extra step of peace and homeland. Some times, it is not the fault of US, but their own leaders. If US does not want to do anything, they should say so. Today with a weak US and weak leadership, it is difficult for US to bring peace in the middle east.

In fact, Obama knows that there will never be peace between Palestinians and Israel, and Obama isn't going to invest political capital in that bankrupt notion.  Sure, Obama pays lip service, but Obama pays lip service to a lot of "progressive" notions.

well can't blame them!

The mother of all sand traps. He should just play onThe mother of all sand traps. He should just play on

So, is he going to borrow more money from China - that the taxpayers have to repay - and give it to the Palestinians?

President Barack Obama will find a disillusioned USA public, skeptical about his commitment to the USA. Why should other countries see him any differently? It's obvious to most honest people that he cares only about himself, his power and bringing down the USA. The world sees him for what he is: an incompetent, immature punk, a joke.

I thought everybody loved obama...they are so mad at him they are doing it in english !! how about that...

How can thes assjerk go there it will cost millions we are broke #$%$ is going on ,make this clown stay home fror christs sake.

Why does he want to go to Palestine, are there golf courses there?  Mmmmph, the god boy king is not like there?

you can have the liar in chief he's a good match for palestinians.

Is there a way to find out what world opinion is of Oloser? If the Palestinians think he sucks imagine what real Americans think.

They see right through him.Our illustrious "Campaigner-in-Chief"

the Palestinian sentiment is the same as ours here in AmericaWe're unenthusiastic about him coming back after the visit.

I don't understand the Palestinians. After all, Obama supports their Terrorist organization and is more than willing to help destroy Israel.

They ought to try having him around on a permanent basis.  He \\ man, he's slowly turning this place into "Palestine", economically.

Qu'ran 8:39   -  " Wage war on non-Muslims and kill them until they submit and the only religion is Islam . "

He best watch out for drones,he's fair game in the middle east.

Libs are learning that their gay bath houses are not ok with muslims.  Then you have abortion the libs love.  Muslims all know it's killing babies.   The immorality abounds in the dem party.Pass the popcorn.  I'm going to enjoy watching this fail.   LOLOL!!!

Not even the terrorists like him.   He will need to try harder at destroying the USA.

The Palestinians want their own country.  There's just one thing about that:  There are no Palestinians. It's a  made up word. Israel was called  Palestine for two thousand years. Like  'Wiccan,' 'Palestinian' sounds ancient but is really a modern invention.  Before the Israelis won the land in the 1967 war, Gaza was owned by Egypt, the West Bank was owned by  Jordan, and there were no  'Palestinians.'As soon as the Jews took over and  started growing oranges as big as basketballs, what do you know, say hello to the 'Palestinians,' weeping for their deep bond with their lost 'land' and  'nation.'So for the sake of honesty, let's not use the word 'Palestinian' any more to describe these delightful folks, who dance for joy at our deaths until someone points out they're being taped.  Instead, let's call them what they are:  'Other Arabs Who Can't  Accomplish Anything In Life And Would Rather Wrap Themselves In The Seductive  Melodrama Of Eternal Struggle And Death. ' I know that's a bit unwieldy to expect to see on CNN. How about this, then:  'Adjacent Jew-Haters.'  Okay, so the Adjacent Jew-Haters want their own country.  Oops, just one  more thing: No, they don't. They could have had their own country. Any time in the last thirty years, especially several years ago at Camp David . But if you have your own country, you have to have traffic lights and garbage trucks. And Chambers of Commerce, and, worse, you actually have to figure out some way to make a  living.That's no fun. No they want what all the other Jew-Haters in the region want: Israel . They  also want  a big pile of dead Jews, of course that's where the real fun  is -- but mostly they want Israel  .Why? For one thing, trying to destroy  Israel - or 'The Zionist Entity' as their textbooks call it - for the last  fifty years has allowed the rulers of Arab countries to divert the attention of their own people away from the fact that they're the blue-ribbon most  illiterate, poorest, and tribally backward on God's Earth, and if you've ever  been around God's Earth, you know that's really saying  something.It makes me roll my eyes every time one of our pundits waxes poetic about the great history and culture of the Muslim Mideast. Unless I'm missing something, the Arabs haven't given anything to the world since Algebra, and, by the way, thanks a hell of a lot for that  one.Chew this around and spit it out: Five  hundred million Arabs; five Million Jews.Think of all the Arab countries as a  football field, and Israel as a pack of  matches  sitting in the middle of it. And now these same folks swear that if  Israel gives them half of that pack  of matches, everyone will be pals.Really? Wow, what neat news. Hey, but what about the string of wars to obliterate the tiny country and the constant din of rabid blood oaths to drive every Jew into the sea? Oh, that? We were  just kidding.Just reverse the numbers. Imagine five hundred million  Jews and five million Arabs. I was stunned at the simple brilliance of it. Can anyone picture the Jews strapping belts of razor blades and dynamite to themselves?  Of course not. Or marshaling every fiber and force at their  disposal for generations to drive a tiny Arab State into the sea?  Nonsense.Or dancing for joy at the murder of  Innocents? Impossible.Or spreading and believing horrible lies about the Arabs baking their bread with the blood of children?   Disgusting.No, as you know, left to themselves in a world of peace, the worst Jews would ever do to people is debate them to death.

He can't even help Americans!

The poster picture of Obama says it all.   He even campaigned with this type of poster back in 2008.   Just Google Image "Lenin" or "Stalin" and you will see similar posters of Russia's past leaders.There was a time, not too long ago, when the word communism was a bad word in this country.  Anyone, particularly in govt, was lambasted for even remotely having such tendencies.  Today, while I suspect most don't even know the definition of the word "communism", would openly listen to its precepts.I don't agree with Palestinians on much, but I'll go with them on this one - I don't like him either

When the US gives the Abbas and the PLO $1 billion than really helps the economies of France, Germany, Italy and Austria because that is where it is spent.

How many Egyptians died for these phony palestinians? How many Jordanians" How many Syrians? How many Iraqis? And how many Jews? Palestinians represent Death and Suffering for whomever comes in contact with them.They are the people of "NO". No to Peace. No to Recognition of Israel. No to Negotiations. They only say "Yes' to war and pain while their so called leaders take US and Euro money which they hide away in foreign banks.Suha Arafat, the wife of the arch terrorist is a multi millionaire living the high life in Europe with US taxpayer money. And Abbas and the rest of his mafia all have their Swiss Bank accounts as well.Palestinians are masters of corruption and terrorism.

The Palestinians will have their hand out though!

Turn Out The Lights....The Party's ....OVER....You Dumped On The Jew's Long and HardNow You expect Them To Give You Hugs and Kiss's ...You are Truly a Dumb Arss....

First I really dont care about either !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

They don't have a country for him to hand over to them.

Will he be visiting Syria next?

obama is not looking for peace in the middle east, he's trying to pave the way for Islam to gain control of the entire region.

Hey Palestinians now you know how Americans feel about Obama. Keep him if you wanta douch translates a douch in any language

LOL, even they know he is an incompetent fraud.

Pres Obama should be unenthusiastic about Palestinians.

Read the artical and replace the word "Palestinian" with "American"

If ilberals knew how little conservatives really care about gay marriage they'd quit talking about it. Gay marriage is on the very bottem of my list of concerns.

It seems that the only people in the world who really like B.O. are the Obamabot drones at home and the domestic MSM. His "We have been arrogant" Apology Tour at the beginning of his reign apparently didn't have quite the effect he thought it would overseas.

I expect that Obama will only meet with the Palestinian Quisling, Abbas, not any ordinary Palestinians.

That's ok; I am unenthusiastic about anything he says or does.

Whats new.....He is an empty suit.....

Welcome to our world Palestinians. Obama is a fraud through and through and has been since he became President. Even before that when he was a Senator his only real claim to fame was being the postor boy for the Democratics because of his ethnicity and they had hand picked him to rise in power. He will never tryly do anything for anyone unless it helps him strengthen the US governments power over the people.I have gained respect for the Palestinians. They know all about Obama's hope and change BS.

Mr. President , why don't you travel on over to Syria and Egypt , and explain that you , Sir , are a Nobel Peace Prize recipient .  ( How's the Arab Spring working for you now , Sir ? ) ........

These people are very good snipers !! good luck bozo

Should have showed them moochies bangs!!!

Another group he lied to and let down. LOL. No 3G indeed. How about a bunch of bunker busters instead

Obama is an filthy, lying opportunist.  Whatever he does or doesn't do on his trip will be guided by that.

When you put a clown in a position of leadership who has never had a job this is what you get. An incompetent bafoon.

They know him all to well, to bad some of us didnt pay attention the first term.

Ever since the huge "victory" party was held in the West Bank and Gaza on the night of 9/11/01 - I could care less what the "palestinians" feel.  Build Baby Build!

Well! this is news to me!... the Palestinians share common misgivings of Obama as our Americans do....And Obama has been one of  Israels worest eneimes in America. I'm surpised Palestinians are upset about his visit to the area!

I'd be unenthusiastic too.  I know he's not bringing the beer.

Apparently Hollywood and the American Press have no influence over the people of Palestine. Obama is on his own!

barack hussein obama = National JOKE &amp; International EMBARRASSMENT

Wow both sided know what an arrogant and useless POS ODUMBO really is.  Why don't he keep his useless @44 in washington and work on something worthwhile once.  OH I forgot,  ODUMBO is a total failure and don't want to do anything for the american people.  He favors illegals and lazies.

We understand..

didn't vote for Obama neither time cause i saw through him and those who put him in officewill soon ee who he really is.

I don't usually find common ground with the Palestinians but I feel their pain as far as disappointment in Obama goes...

Seems NOone is Enthusiastic about 0webama !!!

He does anything he can to get out of Washington and play on Air Force 1 so he doesn't have to to perform as president here and deal with real issues.Obama already proved himself a Pathetic president...  Lost credibility with the World... Then what exactly is the purpose of the trip?  Another Nobel Peace Prize...LMAO

but when Obama leaves america this is a better place to be. wished he would be the first president to defect to another country, so that we may begin the healing and recovery this country truly needs.

Hmmm Israel doesn't like him, Palestine doesn't like him, we don't like him, Does three strikes  mean he's out?

Barack Hussein Obama - You are going to a part of the world where there are many Jackals ( like yourself )... Good Luck with that!

Obama, "The Great Misleader!"

Now you know how Arerican's feel - sorry... we bought Barry a one-way ticket... just deal with it as you normally would!

End all financial money sent to Israel. Keep our money, keep it in the U.S. for the American people not for Israel.

there is all of Obamas aid money. posters of himself...

Please keep him over there, we don't want hem back

.HEY OBOZO......./´¯/)............................,/¯../............................/..../........................../´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸.................../'/.../..../......./¨¯\.................('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...')..................\.................'...../....................\.............. _.·´.....................\..............(.......................\.............\...They need a leader like Obama over the palistinians. an actor a liar , (fits right in) and someone who will destroy the country. I vote he stays there forever.

Obama is just a hand puppet for the liberals, he's president by title ONLY!

cannot understand why Israel would be happy with this POS either!

Good for the Palestinians!!!!! Note to them: we dont care for the most INEPT leader in the past 50 years either!!!!! We got forced to have this clown elected thanks to the liberal media who can control the fourth grae educated america voter!!!! PATHETIC!!!!!!

Well finally the Palestinians and 1/2 of America can agree on something : we both are very unetnhusiastic about Obama.

unenthusiastic??? Oh spare me. They HATE HIM, Israel doesn't trust him (and they shouldn't)The Arabs threatened WAR if his highness even steps on the Temple Mount. The media is so bought and paid for, its repulsive.  Like telling us N Korea is some poor starving little place. Oh No its not, in fact they are listed as being absolutely able to conduct war against the US. The defenses Obama took down, now are NEEDED, but wont even be back together till 2017. What a joke. The guy he placed as head of the Navy, when asked about N. Korea and their very real threats, said 'global warming' is the greatest danger to the planet. OH MY WORD. A tinker toy for commander. we're toast

America is also unenthusiastic about him.....so we are even with Palestinians.....Who likes this guy other than the Media, Hollywood and the Deems?

Could have taken Michelle and consolidated some vacation time and expense....................

If he goes, It will just be a symbolic trip. just to say he went. He does little here but deliver empty promises and false accusations. Don't expect this trip to produce anything new.Gonna be like his first 4 years, a lot of nothing.

Any Book Depositories over there?a lot of us here don't care for obumma either! i guess he has that effect on people!

It's comforting to know that other countries don't acknowledge this loser...

President Obama is selling America out to support the Muslim countries.  They should think he is great.

Gee they feel like we do .

I'm unenthusiastic about his return.

i wish the palestinians would keep him...he belongs in the middle east

A twenty minute drive in Isreal is not like a twenty minute drive in the U.S. and in that part of the world they act on their feelings not just talk. They have riots over the simplist transgression or insult. We will have to watch foreign news reports because our liberal media will not give us a true picture of how the growds react.

the pa may be disollutioned because they never wanted to sit down to negotiate without preconditions and expected obama to deliver israel on a sacrificial plate. obamas cairo speech should have been the signal for the pa to sit down to negotiate but as usual the pa snapped defeat from the jaws of victory  now they want an imposition on tsrael but only with their demands

That makes two of us.

Chris Matthews isn't going to like this ! ( the tingle in his leg is waning ) ..........................he sucks at running this country. why does he, or any president, need to stick their nose in any other country's business.

THE SECRET SERVICE SHOULD DRIVE HUSSEIN DOWN THAT STREETand let him enjoy each &amp; every spray painted poster announcing his rejection

They don't want him,just the money from foreign aid.

When half this country tells you your a fool and rest of the whole word tells you your a fool for supporting this pathetic pos than it ought to become evident your a fool.

Obama must be taking a small army along for this trip, he is so unpopular there.  How much will that cost?  Why can't the white house be open for tours, I mean really.  Why doesn't Obama get serious about a budget, I mean really.

if we are lucky the palestinians will keep obama, but then that would mean we would be stuck with biden, what mess

poor Obama and he thought it would be as easy as having tea and jive talking.

why hasnt the US figgerd out there is no hope of peace in the middle east and surounding countrys, we need to pull every amercan out of these countrys stop all aid arms money and stop all travel to and from cut all ties with them we would save billions and millitary lives , if they do any kind of attack on the US make a swift and brutle air assalt

The Palestinians will be chanting:  "Hugo Chavez - SI.  Yanqui - NO."Then they'll ask Obama for $350 million in "spending money."

Palestinians and Americans finally find..... Common Ground...  We don't want him Either."Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit".....his own relatives know hes a fraud

See, even the Palestinians don't trust Oduma, why do we in the US do.  He does not care about them, nor does he care about the US.  Be best if he stayed over there while we try to actual get some real work done on the deficit.  Just don't let him give them any money.

Jesus is our Lord and Savior.

The whole world wants the US to give them something.And Obama wants everyone to believe that He will give them something..

America is unenthusiastic about the fool too.

How does a man that is destroying his own country expect to be respected abroad?

" ...  Palestinians, who accuse him (Obama) of unfairly favoring Israel ... "----ANYONE who calls for negotiation and calls for COMPROMISE, is accused of favoring Israel.What the Arab Palestinians want is UNILATERAL concessions ... they want it all.Again, anyone asking otherwise "accused of favoring Israel".

What a dilemma, The Palestinians are unenthusiastic about Obama visiting, and a lotof us in the U.S., are unenthusiastic about him staying here.

Count of the biased reporting of Mohammed DARAGHMEH to interject this little nugget: "The Palestinians claim both areas, captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war, as parts of a future state, a position that is widely backed internationally."Except that the international backers are mostly the other Arab states. The same states that have refused to take in their brothers the #$%$. Instead it is more politically advantageous for the Arabs to keep the Palis as perpetual refugees. All the better for their propaganda machine.

Isn't he due for another vacation?He is a fellow Muslim so you should be excited about his visit. He hates Jews and so do you.

Slow the rise of the ocean, heal the planet, and restore the image of the US in the eyes of the world.  Please check off any other nebulous promises made that were never meant to be kept.

Heck his supporter's are unenthusiastic about him now so, SO WHAT!

guess even his brothers have lost faith in him.

I thought they loved him. I saw people smiling and waving posters with a picture of BO with the foreign word SCHMUCK below it.

Israel isn't dancing in the streets either, Apparently they live in the real world and are not as star struck at the Europeans!

Are they coming out of their coma's before Americans?

do the philistines have another goliath for davebama to kill?

Nobody likes a lair. nobody.

Gee...The Nobel Peace Prize winner sure isn't getting anything done in the way of peace. How many countries has Obama placed us in since he took office?Americans can not stand PalisteninaWHINER PUnck #$%$ POS either.   Stop sending these pOS es monty

Nobody is enthusiastic about an Obama visit.

Hey, at least he's not campaigning or entertaining his fans in Hollyweird. Then again, he's also still adding to the national debt, not creating jobs, raising taxes on the middle class, and owner of the worst enonomy ever. Yup, that's our president. Once he arrives there, please keep him.

Anybody wonder why they would put up pics down Main Street of Obama?

can an obama supported please reply to my comment and tell me what he is doing to make things better.  i do have an open mind and would like to know.  i have voted for both sides of the aisle in pres elections.  i'm just not seeing any good from him.

About Erekat's statement, "We really hope that President Obama and Secretary Kerry can succeed in reviving a meaningful peace process, succeed in having Netanyahu saying the sentence that he accepts the two states in the 1967 borders," what really needs to be spoken is a statement by Abbass that he accepts two states in the 1967 borders.  Abbass has consistently refused to make such a statement in a meaningful manner (i.e., include that one of the states is the Jewish homeland, that it wasn't built on Arab land, and that it has no obligation to allow Arab immigration).

I like the Red X.

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit" -- Ha! Ha! If you don't behave yourselves, you get to keep The Obumstead.

Palestinians should love Obama, he let four American's die in Benghazi just to get re-elected.95% of the blacks voted for him because he's 1/2 black and many to just to get free stuff paid for by working taxpayers. A black woman in Ohio ADDMITTED that she voted for him in the last election SIX times.

Gaza is in the land which was given to the tribe of Judah (Joshua 15:1-12), and one of Messiah's titles is "The Lion of the Tribe of Judah."  The Bible links the forsaking of Gaza to the coming 'Apocalypse,' which is also called 'The Day of Wrath' and the 'Day of the Lord's Anger."There are a lot of Americans unenthusiastic about him being President. Here's hoping that Obama says "You guys settle this. I have people at home, in my Country, that need money and jobs, and I can't keep giving money to the jews who want to fight with you. So I'll say America will back out of your business and let you two at it."

Obama Need To Stop The 4.9 BILLION GOING TO PAKISTAN Since 2002

Lots of pots calling the kettles black today.

WHY DOESN'T ANYBODY LIKE THAT ARROGANT CHIN IN THE AIR PHOTOof my precious son, the messiah, barak hussein obama ???

Obama is The duly elected President of The United States of America, on a state visitwith an important ally, to discuss serious topics. Disrespectful comments from Americancitizens not only do not make his job any easier, but they encourage our enemies.(And, NO, I didn't vote for him either time but enough of my fellow American citizens didto put him where he is now, twice, so why not suck it up, pull together, and see if we canget our guy in next time. - of course the libs don't show Republican presidents, orcandidates any respect, but why mimic their bad behavior. - I'm well aware that thesecomments may get me a record number of TD's, but, what the heck, I can deal with it)

He's not liked anywhere even in Israel and Palestine. He's certainly doing a bang up job with regards to Foreign Relations

Were can i get one of those really nice Posters.

I don't blame them, but I blame Obama for giving them money and when his own country is failing with all the debt.  Why do they give those countries our money and fail us here at home?

Only Israel God and Palitanian Allah agreeing to sit side by side can negatiate a deal for their own people. Anyone else is just powerless.

Obama has divided the American people more than any other president in history...So how is it he will help Israel and Palestine...?They should be about Zionist Obama.

America isn't too optimistic about Obama either.

he just needs to pack more free stuff to give away.

Oh!  They don't like him either.

I'm not particularly enthused about Obamuslim, either. If I got a call saying he would be in my town, I am positive I'd have other, out of town, plans for that day.

Obama more popular than ever for being stupid------

I hope they keep him!

We would be more than enthusiastic if you keep the lying weasel in chief!

But folks, trust him.  He a Nobel Peace prize winner. He followed the US exit agreement from Iraq signed in Bush's last term (August, 2008), he has presided over 75% of the US war deaths in Afghanistan, he has presided over Egypt's power shift to the Muslim Brotherhood, he has presided over the killing of 4 US ambassador employees in Libya, he has presided over the Justice Department's "Fast and Furious" debacle that killed a US border agent, he has presided over the killing (not capture) of Osama Bin Ladin, and he has determined that killing americans overseas via drone strike is constitutional. Yes, trust him. He is a Nobel Peace prize winner.

the Romney team has suddenly been missing......are they in gaza?you wonder how he got elected... oh yes dems get to vote 6 to our 1 vote

I'm certain Obamas truthfulness or lack of preceded him .I don't see how anyone can believe ahabitual liar .

Let us hope that the Gazan people will embrace religious tolerance and refrain from future rocket attacks. Then and only then, one would think that Israel may be willing to give them back some of the buffer zone land, which is necessary to protect Israel from the Gazan's rocket attacks.

I glad he is making the trip, I didn't want to think that he only lies to Americans.

Too bad he can't go stay in Russia or China. He fits in there more than he does in the US.

he'll be handing out obamaphones and cash, this will get them enthused.

What is it with US government, Presidents wanting a peace award for keeping the Arabs and Israel from fighting?  I suggest we allow the battle and clean up afterwards.

I'll give you $100 to keep him, thats all I got, the rest of my money went toward Obama Care.

I was thinking of a trade, will trade one Obama for a camel...it doesn't even have to be a good camel for that matter.

Why Hussain Barak would like to put pressure on Israel??Israelis won the six day war fair and square against the Arab aggressors, therefore the land conquered belongs to Israel. Arabs should go back to their ancestral land of ArabiaI hope he visits the capital of Israel - Jerusalem.

Leave him in Gaza.

I don't like him either!!!!

Watch all the left wing nuts cry out it's the JEWS, it's the JEWS. lol then watch all the can't win a war muslims cry out it's the JEWS, it's the JEWS lol. Sad isn't it to blame others for your failings. Arab muslims are like the left wing nuts in this country. They blame others for their failings in this case it's the JEWS keeping them down.

Why is he wasting money traveling to the Middle East?  How much will this cost?  Israel gets far too much United States money and attention. They have no intentions of peace and want only to grab more land. Obama needs to stay home and use that travel and foreign aid to Israel money for jobs and the United States economy.

Too bad for Obama.  Now let's stop supporting the Palistines.

Ahhh that's a shame, we were hoping they liked him so much they would keep him....FOREVER!!!!

Can't understand the Palestitian reaction hell its only been about 70 years of our presidents and government #$%$ running to the middle east all favoring the Zionists !! Guess the Arabs are just  to impatient!!!! No matter what the jews do ,say or wish good old Uncle Sugar is there to help!!  And we wonder why there is a hole in the ground where the Twin Towers stood etc!!!!

Wow...Obama take note, nobody seems to approve of your current administration.Thanks for the "change".   Just another politician.

How can there be peace when Israel keeps building land settlements that is suppose to go to the Palestinians.They should feel excited, he's one of their comrades returning home to claim awards for his successes in destroying America, I hope they keep the lying illegal!

Maybe one or more of them will throw their shoes at Obama and his entourage. I wonder if he can duck, dodge and weave as well as GW Bush?

gosh they x-ed out his face... hmm I wonder what Miley Cyrus is up to?

Since islamics hate anything that is not islamic,why are we surprised?The only civilized country in the middle east is Israel.Luckily they are are our friend.Also luckily they are better at staying alive than the muslime terrorists who constantly bombard them with rockets and acts of terrorism.It's unbelievable we still have people in America that still espouse hatred for the Jews.

I do not surprise that  Palestinians hate Obama. Muslims always cry wolf while hating the rest of mankind and murdering innocent.

Let's see what kind of garbage he spews. He won't get away with it over there. obama is a disgrace to the people of the United States.

You mean Obama's words dont match his actions. He lies to Americans ,why not lie to the reat of the world AMERICA NO LONGER LEADS. Egypt,Syria,West Bank, Libya......Obama watches and waits until he can find political gain in those situations.

Obama and Tiger Woods will tell the Israelis and the Palestinians that if they just intermarry each other like their parents did, anything is possible.  Should go over well.

my wifes company just gathered all the mangers together and  informed the employes that next year 29 hours a week. and layoffs are coming. yah obama is really  looking out for  the united states.cant wait,

weird how arafat was offered a peace deal WITHOUT A SETTLEMENT FREEZE. But that didnt lead to peace.  And certainly in the 1948 when the palis were originally offered a state the settlements were CERTAINLY not an issue and there was not peace.  But out of nowhere, all of a sudden, the world believes the single largest impediment to middle east peace MUST be israeli settlements..what a crock.The response would be the same here in AMERICA, IF those large poster went up in our city, small town and rural areas...... But here, Obama could secretly classify us as enemy of the state and justify using drones on us.

don't blame me i voted for romney!

other than the ap or the us bootlicking obama media who happy the worst president in U.S. history is back

What! They don't see hope and change either?! Shocking.

"For I am God, and there is no other.for I am God, and there is none like me -Declaring the end from the beginning,and from ancient timesthings that are not yet done."(Isaiah 46:9-10)"Search from the book of the LORD, and read:not one of these (prophecies) shall fail;not one shall lack her mate.For My mouth has commanded it,and His Spirit has gathered them."(Isaiah 34:16)"Indeed I (God) have spoken it;I will also bring it to pass.I have purposed it;I will also do it.Listen to Me, you stubborn-hearted,who are far from righteousness --"(Isaiah 46:11-12)"Before the decree is issued, before day passes like chaff,before the LORD'S fierce anger comes upon you,before the day of the LORD'S anger comes upon you!Seek the LORD,all you meek of the Earth, who have upheld His justice.Seek righteousness, seek humility.It may be that you will be hiddenin the day of the LORD'S anger."(Zephaniah 2:2-3)Have a hard time believing in God?  Just watch the news.   We are living in dangerous times.  The above verses are clear.Why?   God is warning us.   God says He is doing these things both as a warning sign to the world and as verifiable evidence the Bible is true

I`ll kick in 20 bucks if you guys keep the SOB there!!!!

It obvious to anyone, even the Palestinians, that the majority of the American public want Israel to occupy all of the West Bank.  There is no hope for a 2 state solution.  Israel will eventually push all of the Palestinians out of their homes, even those who families have held land for over a thousand years now.  But it's what the majority of Americans want so what the Palestinians want is of no import.Obama is well aware that the majority of Americans who support him are not supportive of the Palestinians to the degree the conservatives are supportive of Zionist.  For the left the only reason to support a Palestinian state was that would lead to less terror threat and less government spending on homeland security and military, hence less deficit.But the conservatives are willing to spend every tax dollar on Homeland Security and Defense as long as you don't raise taxes a dime.  My take, right or wrong.

When will someone charge dabama with his Benghazi murders ?

Now that is a poster I can agree with!

President Obama shouldn't go on this trip. There are too many terrorists. Too many that want him dead. He shouldn't put himself in harm's way so easily.Israelis are building in West Bank planning to give PA back inch-for-inch their land along the Negev border. Since PA doesn't build anyway, to them this is a sand-4-sand swap.

I guess they do'nt care for Muslims.

Hey, I saw a sign like that just down the road from my house!!!

WAIT UNTIL PALESTINIANS FIGURE OUT OBAMA HAS UNLIMITED DRONE POWERSand that obama will use drones on any palestinian who is caught spray painting his posters

He'll give them some F-16 fighters, and toss in a couple of billion dollars, they'll like him again.

So give the hypocrits a few more million,they'll lie about being our friends again.

oh.........the tilted head.......................madness

It seems that the removal of Hamas would be a step in the right direction!!

Is jay-z and Beyoncé going too?

No 3g in Palestine, eh?  Well omama will remedy that, like he has done for his supporters in the US.  Hussein will provide.I seriously doubt Obama garners enough respect from either side for them to give a rip what he says or thinks.

Damn never thought I had anything in comment with the #$%$ of the earth Palestinians.

Netanyahu would rather talk to Obama about the Iran situation  than the Palestinian question.

I love the giant X thru his face. AWESOME

Now they know how WE feel.

Evidently Israel and Palestinians don't like Mr Obama style of doing things..

I hate Obama more than anyone and I didn't even realize I was a Palstinian

even Iran is all about Death to Obama

&lt;--Is not wanted ANYWHERE !

Why aren't they enthuasitic? If I wanted to destroy America I would keep doing everything Obama is doing.No matter what he does one side will yell hes favoring the one over the other. This is a cant win deal. Just drop both and be done with it.

PALESTINIANS, JEWS, AND AMERICANS  ALL AGREE ON ONE SUBJECTmy arrogant son barak hussein obama is the problem...

"Palestine" is not a country.  "Palestinians" are not a "people".  They need to go back to Jordan where they came from.

They aren't the only ones "unenthusiastic" about Obama.

AMERICA, look at the pictures the 'Palestinians' proudly hang up around their cities.... now ask yourself, do you really want to help out these people?....Israel is America's ONLY ALLY in that part of the Middle East.

Obama's plan is to betray Israel by having the UN impose Palestine as a state without Israel's agreement.  With "luck," the UN will redraw Israel's borders back to the 1967 lines where the Arabs can then just blow up the Israelis--and Obama can "innocently" say, "oops."

I can't believe it--I have something in common with the Palistinians. I'm non too thrilled when he comes to my town either.

I will say it again .that poster is a work of Art.

Hey Palestinians, if ur looking for ur shovel ready jobs... I hate to be a spoiler but...... they B  none

It is about time somebody told the truth about Obama.This time i agree YANKEE GO HOME.wish he was back in Chicago helping to build a youth center, he is very sorry individual.

How can that be? Obama &amp; friends had sent a huge check over to the Palestinians after they were recognized as a state by the UN. Surely that would win their friendship. It has worked so well in Afghanistan &amp; the rest of the middle east. NOT!!!!Hey keep the clown &amp; we'll send over Biden, Pelosi, Reid, &amp; Feinstein to keep him company.

Amazing how even the Palestinians know he is inept as a so-called leader but most of the alleged media in this country does not. This must have been a very painful article to write.

Obama is an even more worthless turd that the Palestinians are.Thanks for nothing....once again....you stupid friggin' liberals.

lol...nobody beleives the creep anymore...even ignorant camel jockies

Everybody keep your fingers crossed

Obama Mission Plan "Officials now see the lowered expectations"

Isn't it amazing that some people continue even today to try to defend barry benghazi's complete incompetence by citing names of others, as if anyone but barry is to blame for the harm he's inflicting on everyone with everything he touches?

The Palestinians and Americans are thoroughly disgusted with this phony Chicago thug.

It's an apartheid state . Even Einstein was against it. Bad location choice. However it was always about money . From ignorant jews and christians as well.Terrorist since WW1.  Obama the poodle. Treat ? How about some Howard Schultz Starbucks. $$$$$$$$ or koolaide  Obama.if George would have treated the Palestinians better none of this negative stuff towards potus Obama would be happening!

just give the people of gaza some fighter jets and tanks, they will take down the posters......

We don't want him here either. Keep him!

Oh how the world just loves Obama!!!

The Palestinians already know the man is nothing but full of broken promises.

Remember when the left wing nuts told us it was only Bush they hated. DOPES

Obama Cancels Ballistic Missile-Defense System In Europe That Russia Opposed --

Why is it acceptable for Israel to build towns on land that they don't own?  The settlements are built on land that is a barrier to stop rocket attacks from Palestinians.  Isn't building towns on that land just recreating the same problem over and over again?  It's a pretty arrogant thing to do.

did you know that gw bush has been sighted in gaza with paint cans?

we are not too enthusiastic about him eitherthe u.s. Israel and now the palestanians know what a liar he is and can't be trusted.

i really hope they dont kill Obama like they did Robert Kennedy. can you see Biden as president?

who really cares about what these palastinkians think, their top boss Arafat was a total loser not interested in peace at all.

Americans hate him and now they hate him-----he learning very slowly he cannot be fire and ice----Obama the biggest dumb A__ and liar to ever serve as leader of the free world

Obama is first US President who told Israel to return to the post war 1967 borders. No US President has even said that becasue those borders are essentially the 1948 ceasefire borders and give Israel very little safety.Yet for these palestinians that is nothing. For them only a US President who demands Israel pack up and leave will satisfy their blood lust. The Arabs of Israel are the most pathetic losers in the world. No group of illegals have been given so much by the UN, the EU, the Communist Blocs, the Arab bloc, NGO's and the US. Still they are hateful and ungrateful. Palestinians are garbage.

When I imagine Palestinians ONE image comes to mind: they danced in the streets as the World Trade Center Towers came crashing down along with the 20th Century. That image will ALWAYS remain with me: their joy at our destruction.

They don't drink Kool-aid either.

how much is an acre should be able to get it cheap from plalastine befor isreal just takes the land and builds apartments

Most of America is unenthusiastic about Obama in general....wish he would seek (actual) citizenship over there somewhere and do us here a real favor.

Where can I get one of those posters?How can this be everyone loves Obama?

OMG...he's missing college hoops for this!  His poll numbers must really suck...Gotta get out of DC after the SEQUESTER debacle...

Of course ,   Their muslim brother is planning to visit in Israel, Their not happy.

Any of you ever try to please a Palestinian????

Imagine this, . . . Many Israelis aren't overly enthusiastic about Obama. Could the Likudniks use a deranged Palestinian as a "lone nut assassin", and blame the horrific deed on the Palestinians? This would remove Obama, and install a more pro-war Biden into the Oval Office. The Likudniks desperately want an American assault on Iran, and Biden would acquiesce.

Now they know how we feel.

There was no 'Palestine' in the days of Jesus ---  the Romans still called it 'Judea' (Judah) ... just look at their maps and their coins --- it wasn't until after the second Jewish revolt against the Romans (over 100 years after Jesus (Yeshua in Hebrew) was Crucified and Resurrected) the Romans changed the name from Judea (Judah) to 'Palestinia' (Palestine).  The Roman rulers re-named it after Israel's ancient enemy the Philistines in order to try to break the Jews away from their relationship and bond to their Land of Israel.  The Bible has much to say about the land of Judah and it has a lot to say about the terrible time we are now moving into---

We know what they mean.

Now they know how we feel in America!  This joker is the biggest puppet ever in the history of US Politics..

Obama is all about changing world thru "fundamental change , income redistribution and class warfare" that culminates in the United Nations  "One World Government".  When it actually comes to doing something, saying something or committing to something, he's a fence setter at best and waits for other to "do", so he can't be blamed directly for anything.  Re Israel &amp; Palestine, he needs to publicly tell Palestine to state Israel has a right to exist too and Israel would stop the building.  Once that happens, peace could be negotiated by two neighboring countries.  EVERYONE ELSE STAY OUT, including UN/Iran/al-Qaeda, the US, Russia, etc. The Palestinians need to dump the Muslin jehad BS and start thinking about their families &amp; future,  ... think about PEACE.Obama is all about changing world thru "fundamental change , income redistribution and class warfare" that culminates in the United Nations  "One World Government".  When it actually comes to doing something, saying something or committing to something, he's a fence setter at best and waits for other to "do", so he can't be blamed directly for anything.  Re Israel &amp; Palestine, he needs to publicly tell Palestine to state Israel has a right to exist too and Israel would stop the building.  Once that happens, peace could be negotiated by two neighboring countries.  EVERYONE ELSE STAY OUT, including UN/Iran/al-Qaeda, the US, Russia, etc. The Palestinians need to dump the Muslin jehad BS and start thinking about their families &amp; future,  ... think about PEACE.

So not to be outdone by the Republicans, the president  will be on his "who can kiss a Zionist butt more" tour. No respect for oneself or the country at all for both parties.

'Obama persuaded Netanyahu to impose a 10-month slowdown, but Palestinians did not agree to restart talks until the period was nearly over. 'The Palestinians never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity.  It was like that under Arafat as well.  They really are their own worst enemy.

Nobody seems enthusiastic about this visit.  Not the Israelis, certainly not Netanyahu, not the Palestinians, nor the Evangelicans and Conheads back home, and frankly as a liberal I have to say it seems a big waist.And I am thinking of the billions spent over there.

The Palestinians are merely a pathetic vanguard force for surrounding armies- raising bloodthirsty families for jihad against Israel - as their decades-old war-plans and mandates dictate!

Not hard for a Palestinians and a Jew not to like you. If you don,t give them what they want and money to go with it then they don,t like you. You have to agree with their BS.

They hate us but will take our money (eventually killing us with our own arms one day).

If Palestinians want support from Obama or any American President what they need is to become a major voting block in some key states. If could effect outcome of a election then watch offical try to keep them and Jewish voting block happy. Shoud be good for laughs

hes just dropping off a big check to them ...

Hey.... wait a minute..... those Palestinians don't like Obama because he's BLACK.... bunch of racists....Yeah, sure they're happy!  They want some of our money, too.  Hell, everybody else getting some.

Let's offer them $250 million and maybe they'll keep him.

Well I must sympathize with the Palestinians. I dont wan't him here, and I too think he is nothing more than a liar.

obama == nation killer

Palestine is rolling out  ' The Red X's '  for the Messiah..................................

I see no reason for the U.S. to do anything for them.  Let Jordan take them back in.  Even so, I bet he is more popular in Palestine than in the U.S.

Who would want the trust of the Palestinians?  To begin, they have absolutely nothing to offer the world

The Israelis keep kicking the can down the road and every US President eventually comes round to letting them have their way, no matter the cost to the US. This trip will prove no different. Why isn't Obama visiting the refugee camps and the walled off villages and checkpoints set up that cause the Palestinians  to wait hours each day in all kinds of weather to be allowed to pass through to go to work or take their kids to the doctor.For all his speechifying, Obama, as the Holy Book says, has "fallen by the wayside".

Israeli has every right to kick squatters off it's land by any means it has to !!

Funny, thats exactly how we feel about him here.AAAAAHHHHHH,finally the world is waking up. He is running out of subjects that will listen. Of course the most immediate problem is that we, the US, have to put up with him for 3.5 more years.

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit"Don't feel bad mates, even the yanks are unimpressed with his visits. He really is a #$%$....

When will ObamaNation and Congress, stop helping those Nasty Sand Monkeys?The UN and ObamaNation should allow Israel deal with them, and not interfere:O)

Can I get one of those signs???

no golfcourses no black celebs... obama not interested

The Palestinians see him for who he is just like the Egyptian people. Obama has no interest in hope or peace or justice. He is a promoter of discord and the Middle East doesn't need anymore of that than we do. However, they are welcomed to keep him.

I hope Netanyahu puts his foot in the Muslims #$%$,

How many Federal Employees Jobs would be saved if Obama didn't take this trip ?

Just hold on Palestine, he will help you out just like he is helping Egypt and all the lacky lay about socialists that are posioning our country!!

Hey Palestine, we dont like him either.  In fact, you can have him.  Been great fun watching Palin call him a liar.  LOLthey know he is a joke too

Hope he in stays in Ramallah &amp; doesn't come back here.

hey, Palestine...join the club.

dabama will try to get his mooslems more money and weapons . dabama says sc%^^ Israel but he will try to help the pisantes wage their war of HATE &amp; terrorism

What, Obama's brotherhood of Muslims don't like him?I guess everyone feels lied to, no surprise here.

there goes to show u.s politicians from president down they all work in favor of the devil  , everyone of them get the AIPAC spelled until they leave office.  Then again them Muslim Arab are as evil as devil themselves.

He got their leader killed-------BIN LODEN

By pass them both .

wow ,they see him for what he really is, lol he fooled millions here into reelecting him.

He dissed Israel big time but it is refreshing to know the Palestinians hate him as well.I wouldn't be excited if he were coming to my neighborhood either. In fact they would have to pay me to cross the street and see him.

Too bad americans did not elect a leader. A Ashkenazi gangster ie Obama , a poodle is not a leader. You might as well elect Tony Blair. Now someone say gun ban disarmed Britain is are conquered mules ?

Advice to the Palestinians - join the muslim brotherhood.  then expect big presents from obama

Even Muslims are unenthusiastic about this guy. That says quite a lot.

According to right wing media the Muslims love him.  Funny how if you listen to right wing media you get all the false news.

oh what a tangled web he weaves when he practices yo decieve

YOU HAVE A CHOICE AMERICA...let my son barak hussein obama back into your nation after his trip &amp; then suffer pure evilor exile my son hussein obama to the arab country of his choice &amp; then enjoy goodness.

Remember when liberals thought Obama would change the perception of USA in the world.  Naivety has never been so apparent.

The people are finally realizing what Mr. 0 really is the world over.

I'm kinda starting to think the Palestinians really aren't all that stupid.....That's a huge achievement for this administration's foreign affairs policies !! Not !! After bowing to Arab leaders , after encouraging and supporting the Arab spring, after apologizing for one week for an anti-muslim video that had nothing to do with the Benghazi terror attack, look at the brilliant results in the muslim world. They still hate him as much as they did Bush.

LOL Palestinians are murderous muslim garbage but at least they have one thing in common with us, they can't stand Obummer either. Too bad they hate America in general and will blow you up for not worshiping Allah.

i'll have remember the black ballon thing when comes to cali...AGAIN..next week

So how is the butt master going to save the world when that world over there hates him as much as we do over here , man this guy is on one big ego trip and believes it's all true.

who wants a visit from Obama in your town?

If we double their foreign aid will they promise to keep him? And as a Special Bonus, just for tuning in, we'll throw in Joe Biden (with his shotgun). We have more we can send you.

I thought about making one of those around election time, but then I wasnt sure if I would go to jail LOL

Obama was supposed to make the world love us.  They hate him as much as they did Bush.  Where  are all you libs saying he is making the world hate us.

It's hilarious now that the liberals are in charge and they are trying to deal with terrorists.  Dems hate America and thought they had an ally in Islam.   Problem is, Islamic extremists hate the liberal mindset most of all.   This is so funny.   I will enjoy watching the libs continue to fail miserably and see their foreign policy fail.

Palestinians are idiots...What WILL he do ,the Palestinians have left the cheeerleading ?

Me too.  I would think Obama would be happier visiting the land of the Squatters instead of Israel.  Actually, I'd prefer it.

Please keep Him that will start Americas recovery process!

never thought i would agree with those maggots about anything, but i guess everyone hates Obama -except knee grows

He will give good American Money to them like he did the "low informed" Americans to like him!!

Stop ALL aid to both the Israelis and Palestinians. Walk away. Let them figure it out themselves. We clearly haven't been able to accomplish anything worthwhile, and let's face it: We haven't been an honest broker.

Can we rescind his visitor work Visa when he tries to get back into the country?

Good.  Hopefully who-sane won't waste a bow to them.

Please keep him, we do not want him either, by the way, this guy is the invisible man, what has he done since taking office, can someone please give me a straight answer without putting your bias into it. Yep, that is what I thought as well.

Maybe the Palestinians will "take care of him"."...A senior Hamas official in Gaza, told the pro-Hamas "Felesteen" newspaper the Obama visit was meant to "cool down" the Palestinians "by giving empty promises."  Empty promises?  Gee, just like at home, only costlier.

i wish he would stay in palestine. he is a better fit over there. he has more in common with the palestinians anyway. even his name fits better. maybe they could grow to like him.

Keep him.

He is  going to his homeland?

Palestinians should be unenthusiastic about Obama's visit.  It is common knowledge that the Jewish lobby in Washington has our leaders by the genitals so whenever Israel says #$@&amp;^%, our leaders will squat and say how much.

hey liberals looks like the palestinians are diss'n ur boy. how does that make u feel? perhaps fox news put 'em up to it.

GOD wants all in Israel and on Earth to know what will help trigger this fierce and terrible anger:  Gaza!!   He warns, 'Gaza will be forsaken' ---  her inhabitants (the children of Israel) 'uprooted' and 'driven out'Zephaniah 2:1-10"For Gaza shall be forsaken,And Ashkelon desolate;They shall drive out Ashdod at noonday,And Ekron shall be uprooted.Woe to the inhabitants of the seacoast,The nation of the Cherethites!The word of the Lord is against you,O Canaan, land of the Philistines (Palestinians):"I [God] will destroy youSo there shall be no inhabitant."

This lil fence post turtle has a growing popularity of being dislikedthru out the world. At least he's good at accomplishing something.

The muzzys were expecting Obama to do something?  Sorry, unless you have any campaign spots for him he won't do anything.

Hell, we can't give him to anyone....The only thing that will move the Peace process forward is the Palestinians themselves! No one can push Israel to do what the Palestinians want. The Palestinians are the only ones who can show commitment to peace and show the capacity to be responsible and live up to their word. A deal that gives the Palestinians land of their own and control over their borders means that they guarantee that Israel and it's people won't be attacked. That's all they really have to do, because that is all that Israel wants! If the Israeli's don't have to worry about security, that reduces their costs. That alone is enough of a reason for a deal. Just agree on borders and being responsible for their own affairs is all the Palestinians have to do. They don't need the US, Russia, Europe or anyone else. They just have to be responsible and realistic.

MUSLIMS WHO RECEIVE BILLIONS OF AMERICAN TAXPAYER $$$ FROM OBAMAhate obama just as much asAmerican tax payers who are ripped off by obama to pay for the muslim benefits

Palestine is disillusioned and it gets a huge report, many Americans are disillusioned with him and his lies and we get called racist! Well, call me racist then, I couldn't care less, I hate that poor excuse for a president, he's is all wrong for America and so are all you morons that voted for him again! Go back to your own country Obama, we all know you aren't a real citizen of this country. Oh, that's right, you have that fake birth certificate that for some reason people believe is real.

He should ask hillary how to fake an injury so he can call in sick.

YOU SHOULD SEE THE ANTI-OBAMA POSTERS IN ALL THE MIDDLE EAST.sasha, malia, &amp; michelle are portrayed as my harem in iran, syria, saudi arabia,and so on. barak hussein obama is a chameleon who pleases no one but mindless sheep.

Since 1948, Israel has been successfully at war with the Palestinians, and other Muslim Nations.  Since Israel wages war to exist, and has done it for its entire history as a nation, I propose that war with Palestinians (and others) is the Israeli norm, and it will continue for at least another 50 years.War with Palestinians is less risky than peace.

Hey, Palestinians– How do you think WE feel, huh?  We have to live with The Fraud...!

We don't like him either.

Heck, we're unenthusiastic about his visit to the white house.

Does anyone other than Yahoo and the American media like Obozo ????I hope that the Palestinians and Hamas rocket Israel while he's there. It would save us a lot of grief if they finally hit their target.

They know he hates Israel as much as them.

Israel cannot push the US into another disasterous war.  Israel manipuled the US into Iraq, and then watched from safety as thousands of Americans died, and we borrowed $2 trillion.  Now Israel wants more US blood and money for an attack on Iran.  NEVER AGAIN!

Palestinians and Israelis KNOW that obama SUCKS.......no news here

Maybe the Palestinians will see who the real terrorist is. Can we get that lucky?

this is more of a vacation than anything else.  Maybe he will spend some more taxpayer money to prop up the Religion of Peace Tolerance and Love.

This is GREAT news. If the Palestinians welcomed him, like they welcomed the attacks on 9/11, that would be a serious problem.

The Cult of the Devil Islam will never like, or love anybody or anything, it only love to hate and love to die.

There are some here in  USA not so enthusiastic too .. People are just afraid to say anything over here we might get blown up by a drone..

May he get many shoes pitched at his head.lolKeep him! We dont like him here either!!

What those cockroach muslims really want is a bigger EBT card from Obama.

Yeah, that how we feel about him too!

they caught on to his lies faster than the dumocrats in america, but they will turn soon when their cash evaporates

I think he'll  find a disillusioned American public, skeptical about his commitment to promoting the economy and creating jobs when he returns....

Now only if we could get him to stay there. One can only dream.

Don't they know that Obama stands for those who don't work, and is against those who dare to work.  In your face middle class.

It's probably best if Obozo stays there and smooths things over for a few years.

Has anyone ever been enthusiastic about an obama visit?

Obamashit would do better going to hell...better liked there.what do you call a bus full of Congress members going over a cliff with two empty seats?....Poor planning.

dabama wants sharia law world-wide

They finally get it...Obummer will tell them (like everyone else) what they want to hear and then do what he wants to do......

Where in our world would Obama be welcomed with enthusiasim?

yeah, we here are a bit disillusioned that Palestinians and Israelites want peace too.

My hopes are up that he won't be returning.

Well I have to hand it to the Palestinians, their assessment of bongo is accurate.

It was a bad Idea for Mr.Bojangles to dance over to Israel to deliver some more offensive charm.As avenues to foreign influence in innumerable ways, such attachments are particularly alarming to the truly enlightened and independent patriot. How many opportunities do they afford to tamper with domestic factions, to practice the arts of seduction, to mislead public opinion, to influence or awe the public councils. Such an attachment of a small or weak towards a great and powerful nation dooms the former to be the satellite of the latter.Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the instrument of the very influence to be avoided, instead of a defense against it. Excessive partiality for one foreign nation and excessive dislike of another cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil and even second the arts of influence on the other. Real patriots who may resist the intrigues of the favorite are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the people, to surrender their interests.The great rule of conduct for us in regard to foreign nations is in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements, let them be fulfilled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop. Europe has a set of primary interests which to us have none; or a very remote relation. Hence she must be engaged in frequent controversies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence, therefore, it must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves by artificial ties in the ordinary vicissitudes of her politics, or the ordinary combinations and collisions of her friendships or enmities.Our detached and distant situation invites and enables us to pursue a different course. If we remain one people under an efficient government. the period is not far off when we may defy material injury from external annoyance; when we may take such an attitude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously respected; when belligerent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provocation; when we may choose peace or war, as our interest, guided by justice, shall counsel.Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a situation? Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, rivalship, interest, humor or caprice?It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world; so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it; for let me not be understood as capable of patronizing infidelity to existing engagements.An excerpt of George Washington's Farewell Address to Congress something every citizen should read in High School, College and evidently in the White House and Legislature as well.

Amazing... Obama is one of the most anti-Israel president in US history and they STILL complain.

If I were Palestinian I would be angry and upset too. Have my Land Stolen because a Holocaust happened half way around the world. Yeah I would find it hard to make Peace with the Zionist Trespassers.barry is only going there to "check the box" on his must do list, for his legacy.

I know what I am going to hope happens while he is there..Fingers crossed here.

Gee,I thought the Palestinians would be delighted to have a fellow radical Muslim from Africa visit them ! Sorry Barry !!!!!!

What's really sad is that more Muslims kill each other in their crazy Arab countries then anywhere else

Unfair, are you joking ??  Palestinians, you are getting so much money from our country. We should cut you off, if you want to screw with us. Obama has every right to visit Israel. You sound like a jealous child. There's a lot to be worked out on both sides if you were serious about peace. Of course, I doubt peace is what you want. Israel is the only one who tried to talk peace and a 2 state solution. Yes, it's true, but you want it all. Chill out !!!!!!

YOU SEE DEMOCRATS... YOU CAN GIVE AWAY AS MUCH MONEY AS YOU WANTto my islamic brown tide which hates you for being infidels...and you will still gain zero respect or honor in the muslim world...so give them more weapons.

"palestinians" can emigrate back to their homeland of Jordon.

They are unenthusiastic about his arrival.  We are enthusiastic about his leaving.  Too bad it is going to cost the American public millions for a useless visit to a country (another one) that can't stand him. I hope he takes Jimmy Carter with him.  A dream team.

I am sure with a welcome like this they will get really, really far.

"Obama will come and go as his predecessors did, without doing anything."Sound familiar?The Palestinians are possibly more perceptive than our electorate?

Hopefully he wont make it back alive

Netanyahu can read right through Obama.  He was shunned by obama when the PM visited last.  Bad karma for "O".

Two terrorist groups unable to compromise.Gee,  the middle east sounds like Congress

"Palestinians see little reason for optimism in his new term", I never thought I would say this but I am in agreement with the Palestinians. I too have little reason for optimism in his new term.

Fork tongued Obama is trying to play both sides of the street...Sheople is sheeple

Stay over there Oblameo you have things so screwed up here we dont need you

Hay Barry...Jew's Don't Like Muslims....Yo Is in Fo a Arss Chewing.....

Would You like To be a Fly...on the Wall when Netanyho Rips Into Barry Barak Husain Obama

At some point USA will have to face the Israeli terrorist from ww1. Or die.HIS commitment to Mideast Peace? This coming from Palestinians, Egyptians, Libyans, Yemenis, Iranians, Syrians, etc etc that have made no serious efforts at building a lasting peace; they're far more interested in Sharia law, beheadings, subjugating women, driving out or killing Jews and Infidels, etc than working toward peace.

we are unentusiastic about Obama comming back to the US&gt; You guys keep that traitor we don't want him!

they know nothing will change

It's true; the settlements have to stop - now. Several times over the last twenty years or so, Israel has said that the West Bank and Gaza would be for a Palestinian state. So stop building Jewish settlements on that land, fer cryin' out loud! Of course, the Palestinians have to commit to an end to the violence. No more suicide bombings, and no more honoring dead suicide bombers. No more payments from the Palestinian Authority to the families of dead suicide bombers. And get Hamas to quit firing the #$%$ rockets and mortars out of Gaza!

Thought they liked wannabe dictators.

Mr. President , are you going to talk about trading guns and rockets for cell phones ? ...............

Remember Obama trying to talk  black accent when addressing the NAACP, I wonder if he's got a special accent for the Palestinians ?

Well, I am not enthusiastic either about him! Especially him coming back! Why can't this chump go and rule some Island somewhere full of village idiots?

no surprise there , the only fools that fawn over king obuma are libtards and american media dopes ! the smart half of this country hates his frickin guts , he is a commie

Peace = Stop harassing Israel. Very Simple. The land belongs to Israel. You will never own it. It will be WWIII if it ever got that close and you will lose.remind erakat that the statement was that the " 1967 borders with modifications" were the starting point and not just the 1967 borders as the pa purposely forget conveniently

I am surprised Obama isn't visiting the Palestinians since he is Muslim.

They don't want him either! Must be something in the water....

I will donate to long range sniper rifles !! I hear the palestininians are pretty good shots !!

The only thing he's doing for the palestinians is giving Israel better weapons to kill them with and I for one am Thankful for this.

Why are they unhappy???  Two weeks ago I heard that B. O. had signed an Executive Order to give $??? to the Palestinians.  Wasn't the amount enough?

SEEMS THE COMMON ENEMY OF PALESTINIANS &amp; AMERICANSis my son the great messiah media marketing puppet... barak hussein obama

LOL, even the Palestinians know our president is nothing but a liar.  The liberals in this country are literally dumber than your average Palestinian.   Classic!

are the jews going to shoot down the black balloons?

Instead of visiting the middle east he should visit the US media. They adore and fawn all over him, they would welcome him with open arms.We are not enthusiastic when Obama is in the states either!!

Maybe we can have a support group for all the unenthused.  Seems it's contagious, and not just in this country...

the palestinian dancers who celebrated 9/11 will be performing for obama

1st off this is no biggy, they had hate signs about Bush, and blah,and blah and anti U.S. and drag our corpses through streets. 2nd Obama is very anti Israel in reality. 3rd only a fool or idiot is pro palestine, animals.

If I claimed I wanted to end a dispute with my neighbor concerning where his parcel of land ends and mine begins I wouldn't be building additions to my house on it until it was finally settled between us. Some things are just that simple.

ACCORDING TO SENIOR ISRAELI OFFICIALS,  preparing for Barack Obama's three-day ballyhooed-state-visit to the region starting this coming Wednesday March 20th...... According to ISRAELI Government Officials;... the 'buffoonish IDIOT-Bonzo-Obama,'  has apparently; really;. and 'Absurdly; Stupidly; and Ridiculously'...  in a pre-visit missive..."DEMANDED from ISRAEL'S Leaders, a Committed-Timetable to Which The Jewish State of ISRAEL will soon promise---'UNConditionally and Unilaterally' to WITHDRAW FROM; REMOVE Jewish Citizens; and VACATE ISRAEL'S Entire West Bank Territory Land, including Half of ISRAEL'S CAPITAL JERUSALEM,,, and hand-it-over to Obama's-arab-cousins; the PTO/PA terror organization...... IT must have taken over five minutes for everyone here to actually stop Laughing at the NAIVE-Chutzpah and full-Absurdity of this new (stupid OBama's) New DEMAND from ISRAEL..Here's what's going to really HAPPEN.  "Obonzo isn't going to get a concrete timetable regarding ISRAEL'S timetable for West Bank withdrawals. Not now. Not later.THAT'S NOT Going to ever happen.  But what Obama will get is an earful of hard truths about the region that Contradict everything he thinks. Obama can stick that in his assse;  so he has Something to occupy himself with, on his long way home EMPTYHANDED.

guess he's not muslim enough.

This is why USA has no credibility . Like Netanyahu. Not trustable.

There is no both sides. Obama is a Ashkenazi treasury gangster poodle. The only people who don't see that are americans. Mosty zionist and the ignorant jew and christian ..

Just means they're low on RPGs.The U.S. is pro-Israel.  Deal with it!

So the Palestinian's do not only want an free Palestine, but it should also be Jews free.The gentlemen have high desires, now they got the bill. No continuation of "peace plan"

Thats ok , we are not enthusiastic with the Emperor or the Palestinians.

All the Jews do is delay, lie, misdirect, while killing, terrorizing, and stealing from a mostly unarmed people while they claim to be the victims. They have never or do they want any any real peace. Peace is not in their master plan. Delay by any means 60 to 80 years and the world will forget what they did

All the posters are defaced and they are going to release black balloons in the air when he arrives??  Classic!

If Obama had any smarts, he would be unenthusiastic about dealing with the terrorist Palestinians.

remember arabs, you got to get down on your knees and suck his xxxxxxx, like all of the arabs do to each other,

Muslim women just need to get with the program and buy more Michelle Obama Let's Move tapes.

I am with them, wherever that muslim comes to town he creates a many hours long traffic jam.

We're with you, Palestine.  We're gonna feel the same way about Obama when he comes back.  Hey, if we make Isreal give you some land, would you keep Obama over there?  Nah, I don't think it would be worth it either.'Obama is expected to tell both sides to "go home already because there is no God!"'

Obama worship? No. NO NEW WORLD ORDER!

I'm surprised, I thought they liked muslims.

I know how they feel, its the same for me in California. Never excited about his visit, if our economy was as good as the Obama Press states it is, he'd have a happier country.

So in other words,it's just a vacation.

I wish he would just stay there,,

nobody likes criminals...

see muslem do hate each other

The mistake the Palestinians make is that the land belongs to them. The Israeli's took the land by force , control the land by force, and will continue to do so. Only negotiations that are backed by strength have any meaning , the Palestinians have nothing to back their claims with. The Israels control the west bank not the Palestinians. Un til the Palestinians can back their claim with force they are SOL. The israel's will never allow them a state. If palestine becomes a free state there will be a war.

I am also disillusioned with President Obama and I am an AmericanThere is no secret that a successful peace process needs a complete settlement freeze.

Obama is trying to change the rule right now, so he can run for a third term.  Weasel!

You notice how they always bury the unfavorable Obama stories here at the bottom?

Don't worry Obaboona. Joey "the brains" Biden will be right behind you with his doublebarrel shotgun.

Palestine doesn't look bad there, far better than Egypt after Obama got done with it.  Can't say I blame them for wanting him to stay away.

He's been in office what almost 6 years and what has he done to resolve the Palestinian issue?  Not a damn thing!  While Bush gave the isralis the green light to do anything they wanted to the Palestinians.  Obama has simply paid lip service.  This is one are where Obama has been totally useless.

Maybe he will stay over there, and everyone will be happy...

that's what i don't understand we our country give aid to palestinian and they treat the president like dirt this is wrong.

"Obama is coming for Israel, not for us," said Mohammed Albouz, a 55-year-old Palestinian farmer. "Obama will come and go as his predecessors did, without doing anything."That's EXACTLY what Iran is hoping!   come and go, without doing anything

Others nations think USA is perfect while is not. United States had became Communist nation where our Government use spy agencies and military to hurt our citizen, our veterans, and innocent civilians and children around the world. I know we have Justice system in America for our citizens.Others nations think USA is perfect while is not. United States had became Communist nation where our Government use spy agencies and military to hurt our citizen, our veterans, and innocent civilians and children around the world. I know we have Justice system in America for our citizens.

The prime minister of israel got a standing ovation in congress from dems and repubs after he insulted the president. obama has no chance in changing any israeli behavior if the prime minister knows he has congess in his back pocket.

At least we have a budget before he skips town for a useless trip on our dime...oops! No budget!  He is such a loser!

First of all if you believe this Liberal #$%$ article, you are a liberal, second, I didn't think the country had any money and this bogus trip will cost the taxpayers millions of dollars odummber claims we don't have, so, if you believe him, you've got to be a dumb-a___ liberal, enough said!!!!

Welcome to our world, lol..... Hope they treat him great and shower him with Riches!!!!!!So great in fact, that he decides to stay!!!!!!!!

Even the Palestinians recognize a lying POS when they see it. He's a show puppet and nothing more.

Muslims have not liked an American President for over 200 years.  Who the hell cares.  They are supposed to be filled with Love and Tolerance.

What gives here,Obummer was to bring peace and love to the mideast,sit down and have a beer togeather..lol

well here goes another few billion tax dollars down the drain to buy them some friends!

keep him there pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeze we dont care how just keep himDisillusioned and skeptical ?  That perfectly describes most US voters - other than the rabid liberals who fawn over Obama no matter how demogoguery and dissembling he vomits up.

If this is the truly the holy land. What is God thinking as he watch's people killing people over the same land he had his son die in.. To save mankind for its sins. Bet you one of them is going see I told you it was a watse of our time.

Palestinian parasites are a lot like democrat parasites.

Dear President Peres and P.M. Netanyahu,If the US has ever done anything for Israel; please detaining and try Obama for crimes against Humanity and Human Rights Violations for drone strikes on 4,700 people including innocent men, women, and children; killing "suspects" on "allegations" violating International Declaration of Human Rights Article 10 "Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him."

"Barack Obama will find a disillusioned Palestinian public". As do we Americans.

Israel and America's refusal to comply with...and blocking of....repeated U.N. peace resolutions/peace diplomacy over the years concerning Israel/the Palestinian Territories....is highly disturbing. International law concerning land rights...lies heavily in favor of the Palestinians concerning Jewish settlements in the West Bank etc. When other nations refuse to comply with these U.N. resolutions...we threaten trade sanctions/war. Yet we reward Israel with foreign aid/armaments for their obstinance. The U.N. is one of the largest non-profit/charitable PEACEMAKING organizations on earth. 116 of the 193 member nations in the U.N....have voting populations which are over 50% Christian. Jesus said "blessed are the peacemakers"...I guess many on the far-right in the American and Israeli governments....who claim to be Christians....don't agree with Jesus on this point. They seem to favor the phrase "blessed are the hundreds of billions we spend on jet-fighters, tanks, drones, nuclear warheads and barbed-wire clad border walls.". (there is now a 420 mile long cement/barbed wire border-wall between Israel and the Palestinian Territory of the West Bank).

Note to abu mazen:  Say yes already.    Then you'll see Obama is a true friend.

Keeping with  tradition,  AIPAC bought Obama. He's an invertebrate coward!!!

good, maybe you palestinians can help us out. get rid of B.O. and kerry permanently! after that we can talk-maybe.

Hate to tell Eekrat this, but you guys blew it back in 1948, when the arabs wouldn't go for a partitioned Israel...now he wants Israel to give up what land they rightfully won in battle? Lots of luck...when you keep blowing up children instead of teaching them ABCs...Let's see. To boost his poll numbers, he will make a speech surrounded by  a group of Hamas wearing  keffiyeh and say " If Israel gets it's way, these upstanding, peace loving people of Gaza will be vaporized."

Seems like the majority of people around the planet are unenthusiastic about this guy...unfortunately...our voting system is littered with fraud (see Chicago politics) and WE THE PEOPLE got stuck with this Barack#$%$!!!

The Israeli's and the Palestinians both knew Obama Was a Liar Even before he Was ElectedNo Matter how many times you Polish a turd it's still a turd!

HEY!  See if you can spot Michelle anywhere in the crowd when he goesto these Muslim countries.  NO, because those Muslims do not likeanother Muslim (Obama) showcasing their wives (Michelle) in public.

Apparently both the Israeli's and the Palestinians can agree on this point. What does that say about Obama and his foreign policy? Not much I would say.

HEADLINE: "Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit"Yeah, we're pretty unenthusiastic about him here, too.

If only the Obama and Biden planes exploded while on overseas trips...

Time to brown-nose Israel and the Jewish lobby once again.

you guys go on your schools website and see if they are emplementing  c-scope and core system curriculum! Obama and the government is taking over control of what they teach our kids. they are impementing this in2014. I went on our website and sure enough it was on there. The kids will be wearing wristbands and they will be looking at their facial expressions, they want to know what religious afiliation you are with, how much money you have ect. Americans we need to stand against this. If your child is taught this way it is wrong. they are changing the psat's and sat's. If you take them out of school to home school you have to teach them this way. If you don't they can't get into college.This is nothing more than government control over our children and our lives. Impeach Obama now or have him tried for treason. Call your school board. the states will no longer have a say in school decisions and you won't either.

We have those same signs on my street in Philly.He's "promoting Mideast peace" by attacking everyone so that they will all have a common enemy and they will join together to stop our global militaristic expansion for the Military Industrial Complex. It's really going to suck for us when the rest of the world finally gets fed up with our government's warmongering ways.

But he has a Muslim name, how could they not like him? Thats right. He is an Israeli lap dog thats how he got reelected. Oh those zany Zionist did it again. Thanks AIPAC.

Well, I guess we'll have to take your word for it Mr. Pakistani writer. I mean, it's not like you provided any real support for your opinion.The President has said OVER AND OVER that he seeks peace and a two-state solution. And don't forget, our President is an American...not a Palestinian and not an Israeli. Take care of your own freaking house.

everyone in the mideast looking for surface to air missles -all trying to give obama the gift HE Deserves......remember Benghazi ?

You better check yourself and worship the king says the media.

They don’t want him…we don’t want him…Who does want him?

USA has it's own version of Netanyahoo Ashkenazi gangsters. with a stolen flag . Feinstein, Lindsey Grahm .. this list goes on...

Israel is an enemy of the USA.  Hamas is an enemy of the USA.  So what if Hamas isn't happy with our president visiting?  Tough #$%$ for them!

Wow - we here in the United States have more in common with the Palestinian's than I thought!

Sand monkey population just went up over there.Unlike the idiots who voted him into office, these people know Obama is a deceiving two faced hood rat and only cares about himself.

According to the tea party, he's one of them. Dopes.

None of our passed Presidents would have the audacity to place their own poster up in another country.  Lets analyze this one some deeper.

"Meanwhile we are living in a state that has absolutely nothing to do with democracy. We who have not grown up with democracy and whom no one taught the values of democracy, who have been educated to think that exploitation, plunder, lies, discrimination and slaughter are the very essence of democracy, need to admit openly that we are living and have always lived in an apartheid state that is a danger to all of us. A state that educates its boys and girls to unlimited violence and indifference to the agonies of children trapped in a burning bus."Racist Israel:"Absolutely nothing to do with democracy" ~Nurit Peled-Elhanan, Israeli peace activist, granddaughter of one of the original signers of Israel's DOI, daughter of one of Israel's greatest generals and mother of a daughter who was murdered by a Palestinian suicide bomber.

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit"~at least they have one thing in common with Israel....the Jews seem to be a bit underwhelmed with Obamama as well...............

Are those signs available in the U.S. ?

Yeah, I'm not impressed when he comes to my home state either. I feel for you guys...

I'm pretty disappointed with Obama myself. We all know he can't be trusted, even the Palestinians and Isreal.

In a large portion of this country Obama's posters would also be given the red X.

They are "less then enthusiastic"????  How do YOU think WE feel???Try living with him all the time, Palestinians.

Obama wants to do the worst thing possible to Israel, and that is to give them black neighbors, that's why he sent  a big /Vi99er army to take over and kill all the palestinians.

Proof Muslin's do not like other Muslin.

Is meaningless going to bow, to israel. Pace never work out, due to US are too favourableisrael. US Obama say in this second terms,  No war, but to achieve democracy ??Are Obama willingly give this Palestinians democracy ?? The world had seen these peopleshad been suffering under the rules of Israel for 60 years. Do Obama know how manypeoples died for this 60 years.?? If You cannot do the job. Let the world to vote for it.

I don't blame the Palestinians who are unenthusiastic about Obama. Even US population are unenthusiastic about Obama.

A disillusioned Obama will return to an unenthusiastic American public once he faces the defaced posters and black balloon releasing from the Palestinian public.  This guy is a clown!

It seems the only people who don't like Obama are either muslim or conservatives. Interesting...

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about the KENYAN's visit"FAIL.

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit".  Why he is one of them....

Other news agencies are all ready reporting that his visit will not do or prove any new break through  for peace. Nothing will be done or accomplished on his visit. I could have already told you that. Hey mr. Ob read some of these comments and think before you act. What a waste of money, resources and other people's time. Next time stay home and go play golf. I don't think people would have cared if you did this time.You would think as much as the POTUS has disrespected one the US's strongest and greatest allies the Palestinians would be more appreciative, which just goes to show some folks just can't be satisifed no matter what.

Bail out GM- They move to CHINA, Give billions to countries that hate us- They plot against us, Give N. Korea 400 Tons of food to stop the Nuke program... They have more Nuke powers...Are you SURE you represent this country Big O?

his ineptness as a leader is evident where ever he goes

OBAMA IS A WORTHLESS LYING BAG OF PIG MANURE

Maybe someone should play the Stevie Wonder song that says if you really want to hear our views you haven't done nothing.

Gee, there's not just one Palestinian that will end OUR misery? Just one!

Nice to hear good news for a change.

If they want him they can have him we dont want or need him back here in the us. when obama leaves the us does that mean that he cant get back in.  Close off all air traffic ifhe comes back put him in jail.

They know a loooooooooooooooser when they see one.

unenthusiastic!!!  That means he will not stay with the Palestinians!Netanyahu's government, which takes office this week, is sending mixed signals.Some mumbling and some rejecting outright any attempts to freeze construction, much less hand over West Bank territory to the Palestinians.

I am unenthusiastic about obama visiting the U. S.

Hey Palestinians: Obama will tell you he is one of you, yes, Muslim...Then he'll visit Israle and he'll tell them he is a half Jew...  Don't worry, he will tell you stories.

Yeah, we know how you feel

Seems they'd be happy. He told Israel to stop building...Israel hear THE LORD GOD, hold on to your land. You've already let too much of it go for "Peace sake".

The Palestinians are far to realistic to expect Pres. Obama to echo Pres. Reagan and say: Mr. Netanyahu, take down those walls! I

We Don't Like Him Here In America Either!  (:-(

Ya know obama is against checking for citizenship here when it comes to voting sot they can come here and vote next election.  Aren't those sign of discrimination, not favoring this half white president?

First time I admired the Palestinians.

I'm not enthusiastic about the guy, either.Why would they be unenthusiastic? Because anything the USA does in the middle east is maybe, like one sided?

Thank G-d for us, the Israelis, that the Palestinian Arabs are in disarray and there is no unity amongst them. Unity is strength, but they are a people divided amongst themselves.

"President Barack Obama will find a disillusioned Palestinian public, skeptical about his commitment to promoting Mideast peace"---What kind of nonsense is that - there is a peace, what else do you want.

And Iran should acquire nukes ASAP. Given the erratic, dangerous and violent US, that attacks sovereign nations that are absolutely no threat to it (think Korea, Vietnam,Iraq), having nukes is their best insurance against them being next on the US hit list. Perhaps also, if Israel would come clean and eliminate their own nukes, Iran would be more open to discussions.

And so is Americans.

israel is God choosen people  the only true God of abraham and isaac, God blesses those who bless Israel and curse those who curse israel. islam is a satanic cult and mohamed is afalse profit .  Jesus is the only Way to salvation!!!

Stay home and do your job!  You have problems to fix!

i don't him in my town either...

Smart Americans are not enthusiastic about him either,  btw eff you Obama that's all

It is absolutely hilarious to see the flock of GOPers hanging out in a story that they do not even care about.  The only reason for being here is an agenda of hate and the fact all the other stories they could find today leave them a bloody mess.While your party continues to erode you all still do not understand that stories like this are not going to get you back in the game.  But keep following the flock over the cliff.  It is fun to watch.We dont want him here either!

Lets see, Netanyahu is a lying psychopath who has no intention of giving back any Palestinian land&gt; Proof is the Israelis would not had done paving of streets, electrical grid, water and sewer in the areas they want if they intended to give it back. The more frequent Hamas resists, the more the Israelis use that as a justifiable excuse to seize more land. Obama, he is the typical failed politician who will state any position depending on which way the wind is blowing, and right now the Jewish lobby is blowing pretty hard. And, it doesn't matter what the rest of these bigots out there say, they are ignorant and foolish anyway.

Wow. The Palestinians don't like him either.

obamination is NOT going there for Israel; he's NOT going there for Palestine; He's going there for himself. That's why he does everything, for obamination!

Many Americans feel just as unenthusiastic about President Obama as do the Palestinians!

Where can I get one of those signs?

I don't blame em, we Americans are not enthusiastic about having Obimbo as our President, in fact a lot of Americans don't even like Obimbo or TRUST him now!

GEE WHIZ DEMOCRATS... HOW MUCH MORE MONEY IS IT GOING TO TAKEto buy palestinians, jews, catholics, hindus, buddhists, muslims, christians, atheists,scientologists, darwinists, and make them all realize barak hussein obama is the messiah ??

How about this for a palestian anthemwe are from other arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our arabs brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and shoutLets kill the jews and take their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called palestine.

America feels the same way. If only he would go home to kenyaHold on a minute. I thought the guy was rock star to the world. We were told 4 years ago how much the world loved him. So what happened? Oh yea......NOW HE HAS A RECORD!

They can't be as disillusioned as the PEOPLE of the USA. We are hoping that they will keep him, and we can find a way of closing the borders while Obama and Biden are out of the country at the same time!

Why would they like him, he's on Israels side.

Just curious...Is anyone ever enthusiastic about an Obama visit?

This back-slappin', Israeli boot-licker - gives cowardly Uncle Toms everywhere - a bad name ! My apologies to the heroic Palestinian people and the heroic Palestinian Resistance - that this cowardly Israeli puppet doesn't have the nerve or guts to go the occupied West Bank to actually see first-hand the apartheid crimes comitted by Israel, that are financed by the American tax-payers.

Why is Israel creating bus lines that are exclusively Palestinian?Why are Palestinians allowed to ride in any bus they want, but Israelis are not allowed to ride in the exclusively-Palestinian buses?

Netanyahu maintains that negotiations must resume without preconditions. He demands negotiations have to go forward without a construction freeze.

---they know about the worm in the white house---more than some of you who voted for the nut----

The Palestinians are probably wondering why Obama (being a Muslim himself)is even talking to Israel.

Proof regardless how much Obama slams Israel that Islam will still hate us.Consider your ties ObamaObama: Tell the Israeli's and the Palestinians that "I'm the President of the United States of America.  My heart and soul are one with the USA!  So, don't take it personally that I don't give a damn if you don't like me or you do.  O, There is no-way that Jonathon Pollard, the USAer that betrayed his nation - shall escape dying in federal prison for his betrayal.

WILL OBAMA ACKNOWLEDGE THE PALESTINIAN HOLOCAUST?

I dont know anybody thats enthusiastic about an Obama visit!!

"... But winning the trust of the Palestinians, who accuse him of unfairly favoring Israel, could be a far more difficult task."---Are you kidding, who told you that Obama has gained trust of Israelis.

Me too!

I CONVINCED MUSLIMS THAT BUILDING THEIR DOME OF THE ROCKon top of the jewish temple which was there firstwould fool everyone else into believing the dome was there first... it worked on democrats

We are not to enthusiastic about him coming back to the US either.

You Sheeps voted for that trash!

how much of our tax dollars is he going to give these muslim terrorists?

Air Force One at $235 thousand a air hour plus the backup plane in case of problems then throw in the C-17's, air to air refueling KC 135 the Air Force command and control 747 and numerous support planes for what ?  The rock tour needs to stop we could fund the White house tours, border detention of illegals and give everyone in the country a tax refundi guess thier media is different than ours....

'Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit'As they well should be. Obama only has lips for zionist $hytbags and global central bankers. If Obama doesn't listen to and help the American people get free from the terrorist central banks or the zioNAZIs, why should anyone believe he will hear the cries of the Palestinians.

Does anyone trust this guy ????????????????

Refusal to negotiate until the other party has given up their important interests is not the western meaning of negotiation.  That is up to the parties to work out.

Muslims are experts at 1 thing....murdering people in the most barbaric ways possible!

"Obama trying to prpomote peace in the Mid. East?"Really, is that why he has attacked and or sent troops into more Musilm countries than Bush I or Bush II combined.

Obama ~ Zionists PuppetWho in the right mind could trust him...

We are JUST as unenthusiastic regarding his return.

The arabs cheered when the planes hit the word trade center, thats a fact

CROOKS .... CROOKS ...CROOKSIsrael has the right to steal any territory it wants to from neighboring states.  It's our duty, as Americans, to support Israel's territorial appropriations, even if means that we end up becoming the target of terrorists.  God bless!

Bush was a horrible president. His warmongering, disrespect for civil liberties, redistribution of wealth from the poor and middle class to the super-elite, and obsession for secrecy were all abysmal.

What does "No 3C in Palestine" mean?

Obama should be in Israel forming an alliance,but no!  This shows where our president stands.

To bad they wont kidnap him and threaten to kill him if we don't give in to their demands, wait a minute they know we'd just laugh, sorry wasted dream.

no dancing in the streets for the kenyan dictator???

Wow, even the Palestinians have recognized what Obama really is.I don't blame them, he is hurting both American citizens and Palestinians when he continues to send $3 billion from our tax money to Israel, which uses the weapons to blow up Palestinian babies to charcoal.

Conservatives should be happy that Obama is hated by some Palestinians.  I wonder if they'll do another hypocritical about face on this.

Is that a Coach bag that chick on the photo is carrying? I guess they're not suffer after all :)..

Isn't America great..We give you money then F  You. Palistien. Well except Isreal, we give them money and they F us......   As for Obama and the rest of them... They simply say thank for your tax dollars Free trips, free gifts oh and thank you #$%$The Arabs never used to like the 1967 borders with Israel, until they started, and lost, the 1967 War.  Now those old borders are looking pretty good to them.  They don't understand history, but they do understand buyer's remorse.

Hey Daza...can we borrow some of those signs?

why would anyone want to visit one of these places run by fanatics

ahahahaha........"he will come and go like his predecessors, without doing a thing"........even Palestines farmers have him figured out......no offense farmers

You Arab-haters just don't get it. Obama is ridiculously pro-Israel, just like every other American president. The Palestinians were docile peasants a few generations ago. Israel has maddened them, intentionally, and then blames them for being mad.

Biblically speaking there wil be a Palestinian State, and it wil be a sign for the "Last Days"

He has done nothing for the America and you think he's going to do for the Jews...

Unfortunately I think Mohammed Albouz said it accurately "Obama will come and go as his predecessors did, without doing anything."  Our govenrment is the biggest joke out there.  It does not matter what stupid party one is affiliated with.  Its all a waste of time to hope and/or believe the government will accomplish anything.  The only thing they are accomplishing is the destruction of this great nation.   I hope I am wrong on this one.

Lead to a movement as in bowel movement!

Join the club.Would it be to much to ask the Arabs over there to take care of our "un-American, Anti-American, Arab, Socialist, Muslim" leader while he is over there. Oh, by the way, we do not want him back, you make keep him in any shape you want him.

Palestinians apparently already realize that Obama talks out of both sides of his mouth.

WHAT!!!!???? I thought they were gonna love him. Would be a new day in foreign relations when he took office. He understands them. Would repair relations with the Muslim world. WHAT? Not so much, huh?

His own people don't even like him.

maybe he wont return like he arrived  maybe horizontal.

Pucking Israel has no intentions to have peace with Palestine, only thing they know is to kill innocent women and children.

BWAAA-HHHAAA-HHHAAA-HHHAAA-HHHAAA!!!

A new Sharia Loving Terror State on the borders of Israel? I don't think so. Only Leftist Lunatics who work for the Manchester Guardian, Ms.nbc or the NY/LA TIMES could dream of that nonsense and put the front-line state of our civilization at risk. I'd rather have one Israeli citizen protecting our front lines against the Islami-Savages than every Leftist Lunatic reporter in Europe and America trying to protect me against a fly on my terrace.

The only "peace" that interests the Palestinians ( Fatah, Hamas, and Islamic Jihad)  is the piece by piece liquidation of Israel . So, they want Obama to reintroduce his land for nothing plan - basically, they want him to shove it down Israel's throat. Anything short of this is - to them - disappointing. Tod Zuckerman.

But-but, he's one of them! OMG!Does this come as a surprise to anyone? The US voted no for Palestine to become a member of the UN becasue Israel doesn't like it.  If anyone doesn't see it that way then they are just being biased.

Question for you Mr. President, since you're nothing going to pay homage to our Mother Country Israel until Wednesday why could you not leave earlier and attend the Pope's Inaugural Mass instead of sending Biden and Pelosi, two of our worst examples of both America and Catholicism. I'd rather a non Catholic who also represents the highest office in our Nation be there instead of those two dolts. As an American and a Catholic I'm embarrassed and find it an affront that Mr. Obama is not attending.

I'm also unthusiastic when Obama visits here in Los Angeles since it screws up trafffic

"Obama is coming for Israel, not for us," said Mohammed Albouz, a 55-year-old Palestinian farmer. "Obama will come and go as his predecessors did, without doing anything."This comment irks me. That Obama is going at all, even to listen and learn, is a testament that we care probably more than is deserved. That some expect us to "do anything" and not do anything for themselves, is the whole problem.

Obomber is under the contol of the false flag Khazar Judaists.  First he must kiss the Bibi ring, then bow, afterward Obomber must agree to any amount of money or miltary aid Netanyahu wishes.

I bet the #$%$ are looking for him to arrive....they cannot get a closer friend from the US than this bozo that we call a president....he will give them another 100B of our tax money and they will be kissing his dusty boots for the whole time.  Wonder what it is going to cost Isreal as he strikes his good deal with the #$%$.

Who could blame the Palestinians for thinking USA is Israels tool? We are. Israel is clearly and obviously the bad guy, the aggressor, the problem in the Middle East. We continue to give them vast amounts of free money and weapons to murder Palestinians with.

Why would anyone look forward to a visit from this president?

hmmm.... interesting... think I'll save this photo on my external hard drive...

Why would they be joyous about a muslim visiting ¿¿¿Palestine you can keep him!

Ironic.  Palestinians have figured out that Obama is a two-faced liar while many Americans are still in denial.

I wonder if Mexico started to build in Texas what we would do or Canada building in Vermont

Obummer:   You voted for this idiot, now live with it.    I could not be happier!

The Liberals are pizsed that the Palestinians do not appreciate all that Obama has done to give them the upper hand against Isreal.

The headline picture says it all but they got the headline title wrong, it should read... 'A Disillusioned Obama Visits A Disillusioned Palestinian Public - America Glad To Have Him Gone For Awhile...'

Obama extracted a 10 month settlement freeze from a reluctant Netanyahu.  The Palestinians responded by....refusing to come to the table.  The Palestinians are wondering why Obama won't force Israel to give up everything for nothing.

There are two ways President Obama can make the Palestinians happy:1. Stop the US, EU and UN billions of dollars to subsidize the Palestinian Authority.2. Stop begging the Palestinians to negotiate.After this the peace negotiations will start immediately.

Palestinians have a hard time being enthusiastic about anything except for blowing up innocent civilians.

the palestinians have claimed to win the last two wars with Israel, if that is the case why do they need to have a peace settlement. HAHAHA. those wins were a bunch of farces perpetrated by the pressThis country is falling apart and this guy can't stay in Washington? We have enough of our own problems,work on getting them fixed, the hell with their problems. But then again he's like the little boy, " If you don't play my way I'll take my bat and ball and go home". But in this case "Go to hell America I'll just take another trip".

Just more proof that American liberals are the most self-deluded people on the planet.  Even Palestinians see through Obama's #$%$.

I don't know why they don't want Obama...Four hundred million stimulus dollars were earmarked for rebuilding Gaza...God only knows how many millions are shuttled to these bomb throwing terrorists...They wouldn't accept peace if you handed it to them on a silver platter.  Their business is war, and its profitable as world governments support them...No wars, the money goes away.

They feel like I did when he kept coming to Ohio during his campaign. He's like a house-guest who keeps returning and you never want to see. Besides that, Palestine needs to grow up, take charge of its little country and stop those who keep launching missiles out of their country and into Israel. Has anybody ever swatted at a fly buzzing their head? That's Palestine; annoying and aggravating. You would think that they would like Obama as they, like he, blames everything on someone else and never themselves.

Hamas are only good at murdering people and blaming Israel for everything

The Palestinians are enthusiastic about suicide vests and little else. What was the last great piece of literature or music or art to come out of Palestine? Nothing. Only death.

The billions we give Israel each year can be better used in our own home towns.

Barry you better watch out for the car bombs while your over there and over you head. Remember they do not care who they kill in these rat infested countries. Well maybe I'm wrong since your a Muslim they might leave you alone ......

nice to know we are not the only ones who hate this A$$CLOWN

looking at the picture, Republicans should LOVE the Palestinians.Now onto the story......"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit"We here in America don't want him either...

I HOPE they pull a "Benghazi" on Obummer!  Leave him to die along with his sheep!

Everybody should be unenthusiastic about his return. He should stay in the Middle East (not in Israel though) among his own.

Do you mean to tell me Obama hasn't fixed the Israeli-Palestinian problem yet?! Wow, is he a bad President. He's had five whole years! C'mon!

How dare they do this to our KING. Well we could always just give them more money not to do itanymore. Or maybe some planes and tanks as long as they promise not to use it against Israel.

Those aren't vandalized posters in the photo, those are posters that have been made politically correct.

No one can bring peace to people who's motto is " we love death more than you love life" !!  It's a waste of jet fuel to even go over there. If all the Jews were dead they would be coming after us!!!

From what I have seen on this comment board. Most of the people believe their belief system or faith is the true path to a better world. And are more than willing to impose their beliefs on those who believe differently.All three of the Abrahamic religions come from the first prophet Abraham, yet you guys are determined to destroy each other instead of treating each other like brothers and sisters.Humanism will set you free.

There NEVER will be peace in that conflict unless the US Congress AND the President becomes nuetral in their stance towards the Palestinian people. They are both too Pro Israeli amid the numbers, 8 million Israelis and how many Arabs in that region combined? About a billion. There is too much emphasis on a small minority. Heck, Jews in the USA are only 1.7% of the USA population of 309 million... 5.3 million or so. Combined worldwide Jews are only 13.3 million versus a majority of a BILLION Arabs.

Wow hated all over the world and in your own country.....how'd this guy get re-elected?Unfortunately president Obama failed to exercise pressure on the current hawkish government of Israel and to stop the construction of settlements on stolen Palestinian land which is the single outrageous cause of a just peace negotiations. In the long run not only Palestinian will suffer but also the people of Israel, because they will never live in peace with their current aggressive policies.

Whats this? Gee, Obama said he had Al Quida on the run, and Obama was going to close Gitmo, and when he took office Everyone was going to respect the USA again... hmmm..hows all of it working?

The Palestinians aren't enthusiastic about Obama? Well, not they know how the American Populous feel!It's like 8 years of "Curb your Enthusiasm"!

Palistinian's do not want peace,they get a lot of money from European countries or by keeping up the pressure on Israel,they get more so they can build rockets get weapons and do all their #$%$.

We don't like him either. Send him back to Kenya.

Palestinians are dead wrong- dead wrong!! Impeach obama!!

There is no American president whom the Palestinians would like except, had he ever been elected, the profoundly anti-Israeli and anti-semitic Ron Paul.

I wouldn't want to be president. It is impossible to please everyone.We need to learn to work together and compromise.

Americans unenthusiastic about Obama

Welcome to the United States of Israel.I think we've found a place to ship the Tea Party bozos!

I just hope these Muslim terrorists keep killing and killing each other until they are all dead.

YOU CAN'T PLEASE ALL OF THE PEOPLE ALL OF THE TIMEbut my son barak hussein obama has mastered lying to all of the people all of the time.

These people get it. Too bad the ignorant americans that voted for him in re-election didn't/don't.

If Israel can keep Palestinians out of their own country, why won't they allow us to keep mexicans out of ours?

Keep him with our blessings.

Obama (and the rest of our govt) serve Jews first and Americans second. What other issue has more bipartisan support than the issue of kissing Israel's #$%$? The Palestinians live it, they know it, but most Americans don't. He's only going on this trip to make is masters know he's back on their track. Let his masters know that the $3+ billion of American welfare, or $12,000 per Israeli citizen, is still well for our masters.

Obama might be there in person, but his heart lies more in align with the Palestinians. Obama as Pres. knows he must be on the Israel team though. The thing is, they both know his feelings. Hillary Clinton is in the same boat with the 2 also. Hillary caught a lot of slack as 1st Lady by favoring the Palestinians over the Jews, but it was shut up quickly by the press here so as not to make Billy and the Dems. look bad.

The Obama-haters are out in force here.  You see they hate the very idea of political democracy so they can't stomach the fact our FINE president was decisively reelected.  The Obama-haters are fascists who mask themselves as conservatives and are filled with hatred at the majority of people who have twice now rejected their ideas.  And my final word to you fascist Republican dead-enders---in 2016 you'll lose again!

This is AWESOME!!!! Even his own PEOPLE don't want him!!! Maybe one of them will do us a favor and keep him there to spite him...Read:Guess Who Benefits Most From Foreclosure Abatements?by Barry Ritholtz - August 16th, 2010

Many also accuse Obama’s foreclosure relief programs as being backdoor bailouts for the banks.Read:Obama’s $75 Billion Foreclosure Plan Spells Relief for Bankers

Mortgages and HousingMost independent experts say that the government’s housing programs have been a failure. That’s too bad, given that the housing slump is now – according to Zillow’s – worse than during the Great Depression.

Indeed, PhD economists John Hussman and Dean Baker, fund manager and financial writer Barry Ritholtz and New York Times’ writer Gretchen Morgenson say that the only reason the government keeps giving billions to Fannie and Freddie is that it is really a huge, ongoing, back-door bailout of the big banks.(BACK DOOR ... CROOKS ... CROOKS ... CROOKS)

The Treasury Department encouraged banks to use the bailout money to buy their competitors, and pushed through an amendment to the tax laws which rewards mergers in the banking industry (this has caused a lot of companies to bite off more than they can chew, destabilizing the acquiring companies)And as the New York Times notes, “Tens of billions of [bailout] dollars have merely passed through A.I.G. to its derivatives trading partners”.

In other words, through a little game-playing by the Fed, taxpayer money is going straight into the pockets of investors in AIG’s credit default swaps and is not even really stabilizing AIG.

Like what?

But the TARP bailout is peanuts compared to the numerous other bailouts the government has given to the giant banks.And I’m not referring to the $23 trillion in bailouts, loans, guarantees and other publicy-disclosed programs that the special inspector general for the TARP program mentions. I’m talking about more covert types of bailouts.

The bailout money is just going to line the pockets of the wealthy, instead of helping to stabilize the economy or even the companies receiving the bailouts:Bailout money is being used to subsidize companies run by horrible business men, allowing the bankers to receive fat bonuses, to redecorate their offices, and to buy gold toilets and prostitutes

Indeed, a leading progressive economist says that the true purpose of the bank rescue plans is “a massive redistribution of wealth to the bank shareholders and their top executives”(do you get this - these #$%$ are nothing but CROOKS)Tarp: a Preview of Things to ComeThe $700 billion dollar TARP bailout was a massive bait-and-switch. The government said it was doing it to soak up toxic assets, and then switched to saying it was needed to free up lending. It didn’t do that either. Indeed, the Fed doesn’t want the banks to lend.

A lot of the bailout money is going to the failing companies’ shareholders

The extension of the Bush tax cuts plus a payroll-tax cut dealt a double whammy to Treasurys, driving up expectations for economic growth and the federal budget deficit, both of which argue for higher interest rates.

Munis were hit by the surge in long-term interest rates and by news that an extension of the Build America Bond, or BAB, program was excluded from the compromise deal.

By MARK GONGLOFF and TOM LAURICELLANEW YORK—The tax deal in Washington led investors to dump government bonds on Tuesday, with yields on Treasurys hitting their highest level in six months and municipal bonds getting hit by the sell-off and by the news that federal subsidies for local debt would not be extended.

Congress has also discontinued the Build American Bond program, which was significant in temporarily financing California and other states’ budgets.

Government Says No to Helping States and Main Street, While Continuing to Throw Trillions at the Giant BanksPosted on January 13, 2011 by WashingtonsBlog

The Wall Street Journal noted last week:Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday ruled out a central bank bailout of state and local governments strapped with big municipal debt burdens, saying the Fed had limited legal authority to help and little will to use that authority.

“We have no expectation or intention to get involved in state and local finance,” Mr. Bernanke said in testimony before the Senate Budget Committee. The states, he said later, “should not expect loans from the Fed.”

Open-Ended Bailouts Are ContinuingWe’ve previously documented the fact that bailouts of the big banks are continued in stealth mode up to the present day.True, the banks claim they’ve repaid the Tarp bailout funds … but nearly half of the banks “repaid” such bailout funds by borrowing from other government bailout funds (and the rest could only repay money by fudging their accounting and using stealth bailouts which are are a little harder to detect).Favoring the Super-Elite the Expense of Everyone ElseIncome inequality has increased more under Obama than under Bush.Under Obama, the richest Americans have captured more than 100% of all income gains (and see this).Liberal Nobel prize economist Joseph Stiglitz said in 2009 that Obama’s toxic asset plan “amounts to robbery of the American people”.

Palestine can see the SNAKE (liar and con artist in Obama).Obama MUST BE IMPEACH.

Obama Is Worse than Bush In Favoring the Super-Elite, Bailing Out the Big Banks, Protecting Financial Criminals, Targeting Whistle blowers, Keeping Government Secrets, Trampling Our Liberties and Starting Military Conflicts In New Countries

Where is it written that the US must be neutral, particularly when most of the world isn't? The height of chutzpah: Muslims demanding east Jerusalem for their capitol. They defiled that section of the holy city when Israel couldn't claim it in the War of Independence (1948). Jews have revered Jerusalem for thousands of years. Just read King David. When you visit Jerusalem, you see one united city. There is no east or west. Muslims are unworthy of ruling over east Jerusalem. They are playing a con game. Don't get conned, people.

Pres. Obama will visit israel go on sight seeing tours well orchestrated by israeli leaders, and make empty promises based on the illusion of a non-existent peace process. Rather than show courage as a world leader and visit the occupied Palestinian territories without the israeli filters and go to Gaza and to see first hand for himself the misery of life in israels and the worlds biggest open air blockaded concentration prison camp financed by the American Taxpayers, he will just acquiesce to the war criminal netenyahoo shamefully and kiss his #$%$!

They should keep him, he can be their president.

Of course they're unsatisfied; they get only a couple hundred million from him. That's barely a couple hundred missiles. Give them some real money, and they'll be much happier to see him.

Interesting.  Palestinians and Republicans appear to be on the same team.

The Israeli govt has announced to the Israeli citizens (the Jewish ones anyway) "If you want free land and subsidies to build and other perks just move onto this Palestinian land. If you need more space we will kick more of them off. Don't worry, we are the government, we can do anything". So far half a million Israelis have signed up.

WHACK JOB checkin for those who now listen to the Palestinians.   Total and complete collapse of the GOP.......Romney Didn't want it - and the tea party gains momentum..... PALIN 2016What a punk this fake president is--cancelling tours of the White House for schoolchildren and totally lying about it as he lies about everything. This actually fits in very well with his communist ideology...he's happy if American kids don't learn what a great country they're part of. This makes it easier for his liberals to poison kids' minds against their country and learn to love Saudi Arabia, Kenya and North Korea instead. One of mygrandkids will be visiting Washington very soon with classmates but won't be able to visit our greatest national symbol. Can we impeach this jerk?

For God and Country❤OBAMA❤Teabaggers = American Taliban

I wish there would be just as unenthusiastic about taking our money?

Poor RIchardju, the Palests ARE in their own country.  Your Israel has their recognized '67 boundries and nothing more.  Stupid ju.

Who wants peace there?

All of the conservative talk shows I listen too keep telling me that Obamar is a muslin ... if that's true, woldn't they like him?  Kuld those conservative radio shows be wrong?

Where can I buy that poster ?

There will never be peace between the Arabs and the Jews. It's very simple yet nobody ever mentions it. It has to do with the supremicist rules of islam. If a land is at any time islamic and the muslims are driven out or defeated, it is the duty of every muslim to take back that land. Under no circumstances can they sign a treaty to give it up. The laws of islam are immutable and can never be modernized or changed under penalty of death. Americans need to read the koran and tremble in fear over what's in store for them if islam manages to take over.

Maybe they remember when Obama had sex with another man in the back seat of a limo.

Don't worry, Palestinians.  He's coming over to stab Israel in the back.Let's be fair-not all terrorists are Arabs, only 99.99 percent

Does any group but liberal Americans on food stamps like Obama?

I'm unenthusiastic about the Palestinians, so I guess we're even.  For the most part, they are violent, ignorant, hateful, muslims who have been kicked out of every country they have inhabited.

they can't do that, he is their bro.  he stands for the muslim world.  bet he backstabs israel someway, somehow.  that is his way.

I feel the same way about this useless POS!

disillusioned public,unenthusiastic reception sounds like he is traveling within the US

Now they know how we feel about him!

An Idiot Abroad........call Sci-Fi Channel and Ricky Gervais, I think they have a new star!

Security should be tight in Palestine, any thing can happen... cos its already clear they don't want Obama or any USA officials there.

Why not send them an email or a fax and save billions of dollars in travel expense?We are all Palestinians now.

This is a great opportunity for President Obama to lay down the law with Israel. Segregated bussing should sound familar to our President. Israel practices apartheid because of Jewish only settlements, separated roads, military enforced checkpoints, discriminatory marriage laws for Palestinians only, the West Bank barrier, threat of lethal force, use of Palestinians as cheap labor with little worker safety rights, Palestinian West Bank enclaves, inequities in infrastructure, limited legal rights, and access to land and resources between Palestinians and Israeli residents in the Israeli-occupied territories depend on Israeli wants and not Palestinian needs. This same system was seen in the South African apartheid regime. It's time to change Israel for the better.

Gee, that is surprising .....but they all want democracy ...lol

same way i feel.obama will go down in history taking us with him!

You want peace in the Middle East? Withdraw all of our troops, end all of the wasteful foreign aid, and establish diplomatic relationships and become friends with the countries there so that they would stop hating us. Recognize Palestine as a legitimate soverign state,Look up the 1953 Iranian coup. The US helping Saddam Hussein before we turned against him. Us training Mujahadeen in Afghanistan that would later turn against us.

it'sbush'sfault

looking at the 1949&amp;1950arm.agr.lines anybody can see the confusion- rucking fediculous!!if they can't get along how about the west bank to palestine,jerusalem to Israel...duhhh or just everybody step back&amp;figure out how many trillions of $'s have been wasted by both sides;let alone lives,&amp;negotiate a buyout!!

Netanyahu urges "military sanctions" threat against """" ALL AMERICANS WHOM DONT SUPPORT AIPAC AND DUAL NATIONALITY JEWS IN THE JEWNITED STATES OF AMERICA """" and supporter of Iran and the Palestinias Arabs and the Peace Process Essentially Netanyahu predicts that the U.N and SENATE AND CONGRESS WILL SUPPORT HIS DEMANDS FOR THE PEACE AND NATIONAL SECURITY OF ISRAEL = WE NEED TO NUKE ISRAEL NOW FOR OUR NATIONAL SECURITY AND REACH OUT FOR THE REAL AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE WE ARE THE UNITED STATES NOT THE JEWNITED STATES OF ZION NATZI ISRAEL INCINERATION SOON PLEASE NO MORE MONEY

Why should those people be enthusiactic over Hussein?  We're not and he's our president. So why should they be excited to see this clown?  I'm embarrassed to have him go and represent us.

Its incredible these people never think about peace and get paid to hate by oil money. This is just a fix for next night of doing nothing. The Pals could have peace and better economy if they wanted one reallyhلَقَب غَيْر مُهَذَّب للزِّنْجي

They're smarter then the folks here in the U.S......most americans are dumb and use the system for free cash/food/housing.

even the arabs don't like him, how the hel l did he get reelected.

I don,t trust a guy that wears a jewish beanie and puts a note in a pile of rocks.

Because all US Presidents are pro Israeli and It's a fact that is why every Palestinian are highly critical and skeptical about President Obama's trip to Israel there is totally nothing "Holy" about his photo op

Netanyahu overpowered Obama. He visited him more than he visited all the US presidents. No American president was taken by Israel than Obama. Needless to say that the primary concern of Netanyaho is not Iran but full support for the establishment for a palestinian state. The self acclaimed Palestinian leadership is a token one, no negotiation will hold anything. It is the longest peace treaty in the history of the world and it is faltering as always. I had a kick when once I saw Abass wearing a woman's fur coat?

how dare you people insult obama, obama will have your head for that.a dron is on the way

He will tell them what they want to hear, just like he did to his voting base... The problem is that they already know this, and that make them unenthusiastic and smarter than most of the American people...

jordaniens egyptiens until 1967 and then palestinians

muslim boy hates America and Isreal......America and Isreal hate the muslimCan not understand why a primarily Jewish country would be unenthusiastic about a lying, self surving, islamic supporting,  p.o.s, . who has given arms to some of their worst enimies. Or is it the possibility that of all countries, Israel remember the effects of an out of control mad man who usurps a countries rules, unarms it's citizens,  to create his own kingdom to brand of justice, all the while driving the country to ruin. Barry's gotta go! The sooner the better!

Palestinian have no rights shut up.

ISRAELIS DANCED AND HIGH-FIVED AS THE TOWERS FELL.  They were on a neighboring high-rise, "documenting the event".  They were ARRESTED, HELD FOR 2 MONTHS, then released and fled back to Israel.  Google it.

Imagine that, another country that hates that lying #$%$ bag. He is a sh!tbag of the highest caliber, cross hair him. Hell, you can keep him for whatever you want Palestine. We don't want the trash back, just don't allow him into your political parties. He is a clueless git who is clueless, but you will have to take the rest of his trash also. The welfare, blacks, illegals and latinos that voted for him in large numbers are happy with this Planet of the Apes want a be. I guess they were protecting their checks for another four years. #$%$ THE LOT OF THEM, AND NOW THE TAXPAYER HAS TO PAY FOR THEIR STUPIDITY.

funny thing is we arent crazy about him here in the us either!

They only get him for a short time, we have to take him back!Why are they complaining?

I hope they keep him ! No real american and TAX PAYER wants him here! Maybe they have a cure for idiot.

The snub that Obama gave Netanyahu the first time when he visited the White House, no State dinner, etc., wouldn't it be nice if Netanyahu returned the favor???  That won't happen tho, as Netanyahu will not sink to that level of hatred.  He is a man of principal, and one who should be admired for his "stick to itnesses" that he has done.  He say's what he means, and can follow thru, whereas Obama hee-haws around like the flip-flopper he is.

Now why would the Palestininas be so down on Obama for not bringing peace to the middle east?  To my recollection there hasn't been ANY U.S. president--or any other leader anywhere--who was able to stop those greedy land-grabbing Jews from doing what they do.  And there WON'T be a president or leader who can solve that problem.  It's going to go on and on until they start world war three.  Only then--after Israel is blasted from the earth--will there be peace. PS ... I'm not a Muslim.

I never imagined in my wildest dreams that I would live to see the Day that I agreed with the Palestinian point of view so wholeheartedly!What reason would anyone have to support the Palastinians. What have they offered over the last 50 years beside death? Never once have they negotiated honestly in any peace talks held by previous cabinets. Its always one hand out for money or jihad and intifada. If they honestly went to the table something might get accomplished, but instead the corrupt leaders take the aid and get rich. It's easier to stay at war with Israel so they leaders can cry to the EU for handouts.

The Palestinians can not possibly be as disillusioned as the American people are about Obama. Way to go, let's keep giving money to the Muslim Brotherhood and people that burn our flags and hate us. Meanwhile their are homeless ppl here in the USA that can't get a job or a roof over their head. Thanks Barry.

Israel negotiates with its mouth so full of stolen Palestinian land and water that it can't be understood.  Oy veh, who says crime doesn't pay?

It is not the job of the US to solve your problems.  Obama can't solve any of the problems here in the US.  Well, that is not true, with the help of Tiger he solved that problem he had with a nasty hook on his drive.

Yes, but I thought the Repubs said Obama is Muslim brotherhood.  You mean that's not true?

I don't blame them for not being Obama fanboys. He is Israels lap dog after all.

WoW,  looks like they like him about as much as we do.  maybe Airforce 1 will breakdown and leave his dumb #$%$ there.

isreal is our allie. of course we should favor them

Bet the X mark was done by an Israeli .

Palestinians were dancing in the streets on 9/11. Why is Obama even going there?i hope the palestinians kill him

Obama Derangement Syndrome:  The acute onset of paranoia in otherwise normal people in reaction to the policies, the statements -- nay -- the very existence of Barack Obama.Owen/Purplehaze/Jerry/Satan/Micahel/Robert/Stephen/ all suffer from it.

Muslims and Israelis understand something about Obama that people her don't.  Thats why they don't like him.  Not to mention 49% here don't care for him either.

like most nfl &amp; nba black players---black obama  can't stop spending money--even when he don't have it.-and when he leave office---pay for life and secret service to cut his gr#$%$ and kiss his #$%$.

I find it funny they only have a problem with Israel since even Syria and Lebanon were part on Palestine for the entire Byzantine period Being from the US its hard to imagine why Muslim and Jew can live here in harmony but the sacrifice their children there over sheer hate.

They as stating the obvious as we don't want him either.

He is scared of being called anti-semitic.He has no intetinal fortitude to stand up to bullies.

Obama ~ Zionists PuppetWho in the right mind could trust him...

I wouldnt give those barbarians anything.  They cant even make peace amongst themselves.

Obama is The duly elected President of The United States of America, on a state visitwith an important ally, to discuss serious topics. Disrespectful comments from Americancitizens not only do not make his job any easier, but they encourage our enemies.(And, NO, I didn't vote for him either time but enough of my fellow American citizens didto put him where he is now, twice, so why not suck it up, pull together, and see if we canget our guy in next time. - of course the libs don't show Republican presidents, orcandidates any respect, but why mimic their bad behavior. (I'm well aware that thesecomments may get me a record number of TD's, but, what the heck, I can deal with it)Obomber has been bought and paid for by the Khazar Judaists who brutaly occupy Palestine, murder, torture, and steal land from the Palestinians.

PA TV Glorifies Terrorists Responsible for Maalot MassacrePA TV broadcasts a tribute to the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, responsible for the 1974 Maalot massacre.3/1/2013Official Palestinian Authority TV broadcast a tribute this past week to the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP), which was responsible for the 1974 Maalot massacre in northern Israel.According to Palestinian Media Watch (PMW), the tribute included a poster honoring three Arab terrorists of the DFLP who infiltrated the town of Maalot in northern Israel in May 1974, murdering 22 children, four adults, and wounding dozens more.The PA TV tribute also honored terrorists who killed four civilians in the Israeli city of Beit Shean, describing them as "the heroes of Beit Shean, the pride of the Palestinian revolution.”Last year Palestinian Media Watch reported that PA TV repeatedly broadcast some of these same posters honoring terrorists from the DFLP, more  than 10 times in one week.The tributes included glorification of the terrorist "Martyrs," as well as their many terror attacks, in which dozens of Israeli civilians were murdered, according to PMW.

"Oh yes we can" screw Americans out of more rights...!!!

What was once a govt for the people and by the people, is anything but.

Maybe the loving Palestinians will stone him, blow him up, throw acid in his face or send a team of jihadists after him.

We could pray for total engine failure if reid, pelosi, holder, clinton, kerry and a few others were on the plane with him.

there can never be a peace in the middle east this people are crazy

Obama is a terrific President. You lost the election anti American clowns. Shouldn't you be searching for a Candidate for 2016? Hillary is gonna win easily : )

we need israelis out of american politics

Everyone should be unenthusiastic about Obama.  Look at this trip in the light of how can he help Muslims.  I doubt that Netanyahu or anyone else will believe anything he has to say.  Obama has lied way too many times.  Just watch your back and your wallet.arab recognition of Israel as a state should be a precondition to any talks.  Start with that, and you will see how little they really want peace.

Palestinians are skeptical of the oxygen in the air............what aren't they skeptical about?  If you gave them some land and called it Palestine, they'd be skeptical about that too.  These people are incapable of any modicum of happiness

The only thing the street pukes of Islam, i.e., the Palestinians,  would cheer over is a military victory over the Israelis....or another Islamic terrorist strike on the US.

Better watch the "pathological narcissist".  He is no friend of Israel or the USA.

obama should stop licking boots of isarel

Interesting that the Palestinian's negative comments about Obama are the same kind as the majority of Americans lol

Palestinians, like the rest of the middle east, suck.

Don blame them at all. Only reason he's there is because he's in the neighborhood on an AIPAC-obligatory visit to his favorite Israeli.

I guess dey don' buy dat he a  Mus'im.  Don dey kno  Hussein he middo name?

Welcome to our worldLet's see if his pride over rides his ambition. Maybe going there might not be such a good idea. At least not right now. Maybe he can be the great peace maker at the end of the year. After the troop withdrawl he ordered.

Other countries look up to the president of the USA for MODEL to any area of life but especially about MORALITY which is a THREAT to NATIONAL SECURITY. If one do not have this weapon (some morals) and you go to other countries, they will just stir at you.

One group of people in an unstable region believe themselves to be the "chosen" ones. They expel anyone from their country who disagrees. They then start expanding their borders and annexing nearby territory. Native people are expelled or exterminated. They then threaten nearby neighbors that any attempt at defense will be met with extreme military retribution.Am I talking about WWII Germany or current Isreal? Kind of hard to tell...?

They don't play the racially obsessed and politically correct games that we do, so they could care less about the poster boy Obama.

Glad to see that it's no only the majority of the Americans that feel this way.

General Zod (israel) to US Presidents:  "take my hand and, KNEEEEL before me, son of America".  Unfortunately unlike Kal El- our gutless politicians do not have the strength to crush the hand of the Master

Daddy is coming home to his Muslim Children..Wonderful..Allah Ahkbar Obama.....

Wait, isn't he a muslim?  Now what lie are you on the left going to make up?

put obummer on the no fly list so he can not come back to the USA.

sounds just like everyone else we  try to help, where would they be without our help, still hearding sheeps and goats, fine let them  do it themselves, we need to fix america  and get out of everyones business and take care of our ownαράπης

will the christians show him the fire damage to the church of the nativity that the zionazis did in apprehending stone throwers?

Why does the president even bother?  The Israelis and Palestinians have been at it since 1947 with no improvement no matter who has tried to mediate.  Why doesn't he just fly over both countries and drop notes that say "Solve it yourselves children."

obama will make the palestinians ban spray paint cans....i wonder who hes going to blame over there.

Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit? and?

What-n0 colonal-i mean yardbird

The laziest and most sleazy president in the history of USA. He is the reflection of the african-american thugs in the southside of Chicago. Most african leaders who governed their countries in the past are all failures.

Please Palestinans give ODumb@$$ a real great welcome.  Maybe ODumb@$$ might just stay there.  Otherwise send his Odumb@$$ to Kenya.  Thanks if you achieve this.  Otherwise go back to whatever arab country you came from.

Just another vacation accomplishing absolutely nothing at taxpayers expense. Trouble making war monger!

Americans have rarely seen a map of the west bank and the settlements. You'd be surprised at how jewish settlements have infiltrated every nook and cranny of the west bank, not just near jerusalem. Once, a long time ago, newsweek took a stab at an accurate map. They used olive green for the palestinian controlled areas and a green olive for the israeli controlled. It was the most confusing choice of colors I'd ever seen. You could barely tell them apart.Hope they have lots of suicide vests ready - Remember, ANYONE can be assassinated, he is not immortal and 70% of Americans would thank the Palestinians for ridding us of this incompetent nincompoop.

Most Republicans will die old and #$%$ wearing a diaper just like Reagan.

Same Old , Same old, forget about what you done yesterday, what are you going to do for us today ?

There will never be peace in the middle east. Not until the jews, or the arabs, are all gone.

If sons of single mothers followed their mom's last name, then our current president would be Barry Dunham and people would assume he's white. There would be no birther movements or problems with the Muslim community

Who cares what Israel thinks?

Darn. I was hoping someone else would take him off of our hands. I guess we're stuck with him and the rest of our questionable, sleazy government.

Middle-Eastern mythology (Christianity,Islam,and Judaism) needs to just fade away.They are all terrorists.

If anyone cared what GOP goonies trolling the Yahoo had to say about anything. We would have a President named Willard.

The Palestinians do not understand how American politics works. If a US president does not kiss the a(ss and the feet of the Jewish lobbyist and the Jewish voters and declare Israel as his best ally he will get nowhere or even faces a big chance on getting assassinated by the works of the Israeli Mossad agentsPhilistine people are a broken people. (infected with hate and Sharia values) Their opinions and mindset are the worst on our planet. Israel should definitely boot them out of their land. No Philistine should live with 1200 miles of Israel. They have forfeited the right to live near such wonderful civilization.

A small glimpse of Obama's personality if you care to know or read. Obama loves himself so much he thinks everyone else even those in other countries do as well. He is a narcissistic person who suffers from delusions of grandeur. This is calling it the way it is. No one is perfect and this so happens to be one of this humans shortcomings. As a result Obama becomes angry when confronted or disagreed with. There are many example of his character displaying this trait if someone was to pay attention and observe, which most turn a blind eye or don't take the time to notice or recognize. However, one example that may stand out in your mind is when he suggested that "Revenge" was the action his believers/followers should take when he felt challenged during the presidential campaign. This makes him unstable and causes him to suffer from delusions such as thinking the war on terror is over because he feels that he is so likable no one would do anything to offend him. An example of this is when he started his first term he went out on an apology tour and he set an imaginary reset button with Russia. Is there anyone reading this that actually feels in their heart of hearts that Russia likes us and has actually become our friends? For our children and our children's children's sake first be a loving parent and an American. Set aside political parties and see things for what they truly are and not what we wish

Yet another opportunity for Obuma to show how inept he is. On all fronts, domestic, economy, middle-east, etc... Obuma has shown to be worse then even Carter was... Jimmy must be eating peanuts and celebrating, finally there is a president worse then he was.

They should be very enthused. He loves their cause and religion. He supports them and gives them billion$ in taxpayer jizya.

Israel has left us with no friends in the Middle East.We just cannot allow Israel to guide us into another disasterous war.  Israel manipulated us into Iraq, and then watched from complete safety as thousands of our soldiers died, and watched as we borrowed $2 Trillion to pay for the cost.  Now, Israel wants us to attack Iran.  No More Blood or Money for Israel.

Obama is the best president that the /Vi99eRs ever had.

Obummer stinks

Our politicians are OWNED by the ISRAELI LOBBY and terrified to oppose it.  Just look at how pathetic they act on behalf of America-shameful

Yep, between a Barack and a hard place!

I wish they would go like Benghazi strip on himare they low on rocks in Palestine?

What? According to Whitepublicans...Obama is a Muslim.

Can you blame them? Israel is notorious for false flags...It wouldn't be out of the ordinary for Israel to attack Obama and then blame it on the Palestinians to start a new war...

NO U.S. PRESIDENT STANDS UP TO ISRAEL, WHY???  Could it be the JEWISH OWNED MEDIA can start a "controversy" anytime it wishes?  We are not free.

Just like we were unenthused about Netanyahoo's visit last summer.  We know he wants a war with Iran and he wants us to fight it.  Plus he had his hand out because we don;t give Israel enough already.

One thing I like about our president is that he kept all Bush policies.....

When did the Tea Party open a West Bank office?

What reasons do they have to be enthusiastic about 44's visit?  I mean he's the leader of a kountry that sells one of the belligerents their weapons to use on the other side, while claiming to be a fair arbiter of peace.  That's like Chairman Mao facilitating peace talks between Ho Chi Mingh and Nguyen Van Thieu

cant get much worse than that ..not even the lowest form of muslim life doesnt want anything to do with you...Bonzo yourpsychotic vision of yourself being the greatest president ever is crashing down around you

i'm thinking theres not too many lazy black folk over there, i don't think he's going to enjoy his  stay.now that country knows how we feel to have a #$%$ for a president.i betcha if barry's ole lady went she'll find a place to shop, on our dime!BUCK OFAMA!Hey, what's another 5-6 Million Dollars++++++++ for a trip, when he can get all his Christmas shopping done. The big question...where is Michelle going to be???? And, how much is that going to cost us?

No one wants to see him.

They can keep him...

I don't blame the Palestinians.  The U.S. is blind to Israel's actions and follows blindly whatever it wants.  At least the rest of the world is beginning to see the truth.

Mr. President...Please stay in Gaza...You do not need to return to the U.S.

we have him all of the time and unimpressed puts it mildly.

"Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit" - Its hardly surprising that the Palestinian people find Obama's visit is nothing more than a empty gesture and one that carry no substance.  Its abundantley clear that Obama and Bush before him, had their loyalty to Israel first and Palestine last on the list.  Obama's priority is to find what Israel has planed for Iran and the CIA's involvement into areas of support to Syrian terrorists to remove Assad  from Syria to clear the path for the invasion of Iran.  Obama's idea of democracy is, 'talk later, shoot first'.  If US can sell arms and weapons to boost the arms industry sales and the flagging economy US economy that is all that matters.If this trip by current US President is any different to Bush Snr &amp; Jnr and Clinton, it will be a miracle!  Unfortunately, miracle is not something Palestinians have witnessed in their life time!

Obama makes me sick what he had done to America. hey the middle east can have him.

HA HA HA Mr. Moulignon from Kenya....this is what real people think of your lies...No US media to make things nice for you.

Obama=isreal=zionism=treason=impeachable offense among the many....Why Not ?????They did all that illegal campaigning for him.

What is there to be enthusiastic about?  Obama pretends to be even-handed and allows the isrialis to continue with new settlement building and negotiations with the Palestinians.  Does this make sense to anyone?  Everyone knows that the u.s. can bring pressure on netanyahoo but we don't.

I think it would be unwise for our President to step foot in Palestinian territory. It would be like him visiting Iran, Syria, or No Korea. These countrys are so unstable, they hate us and want to annialate us. Love him or not, he is our President. I think it would be a big mistake to show up in the west Bank. If he wants to make amends then do it from a safe distance.

If they don't like HIM, I hope we never get a president they do !

Dog and pony show, the usual US style.  The US congress and the presidents are tightly controlled by Israel.  They are determined to control the supreme court now making it illegal for anyone to voice an anti ZIONIST view (boycotts) and calling it anti-semitic.  Ethnic cleansing is supported by the USA which only makes extremist views for the oppressed seem more appealing.    Stop the 8 million plus ! per day of unquestioned dollars that go to Israel and all monies to Egypt, Jordan, etc that are meant to support ethnic cleansing and human rights violations.   American taxpayers need that money for health and education.

His popularity is falling every day all over the world. It's disturbing to realize his legacy of division. He will go down in history as much worse than Carter and a bigger lair than Clinton.

Who gives a damn what they like?MY SUGGESTIONSThe Haj by Leon Uris (To answer questions re. “right of return”.)Because They Hate: A Survivor of Islamic Terror Warns America by Brigitte GabrielMuslim Mafia: Inside the Secret Underworld That's Conspiring to Islamize America by Gaubatz and SperryThe Professors: The 101 Most Dangerous Academics in America by David HorowitzIvory Towers On Sand: The Failure of Middle Eastern Studies in America by Martin KramerIndoctrination U: The Left's War Against Academic Freedom by David HorowitzSlavery, Terrorism and Islam, (and Holocaust in Rwanda), by Peter HammondThe Legacy of Islamic Antisemitism by Andrew G. BostomIf Islam is the “religion of peace”, where in Sheikh Abdullah bin Humaid's article on jihad can I find the equivalent of “Love Thy Neighbor” and “good will toward men”? And explain its prominence, and significance almost as an “Introduction”, in a book that's considered second only to the Koran: My Summarized Sahih Al-Bukhari. Explain also why the first part of his article, “the call to jihad, fighting for Allah's cause with the heart, the hand and the tongue” is not what Clausewitz would refer to as “total war” Also address “jihad” as it's defined in Reliance of the Traveller and answer the same question. (Chapter O-9.0: Jihad O: Jihad means to war against non-Muslims, and is etymologically derived from the word mujahada signifying warfare to establish the religion.) Also compare Humaid's “jihad” and Emmet Fox' Sermon on the Mount and tell me which one best represents a spirit of Love and compassion.(I truly believe Humaid's article should be “Exhibit A” when it comes to refuting Islam as the “religion of peace”.)Martin Kramer:Gaza is a place with no Israeli settlements, from which Israel has totally withdrawn to the 1967 lines, and which nonetheless has become a Hamas terror state. That’s what happens in conditions of Gazafication. So when people say that in a two-state solution, Palestinians would have a "right of return" to the West Bank and not Israel, I do not find that particularly reassuring either. Any influx of Palestinians across the Jordan poses a problem for Israel, and it is naive to dismiss it. I would like to hear how, in a two-state scenario, Gazafication of the West Bank can be prevented. I haven't heard it yet.Questions for “Palestinians”:What year did the nation of Palestine come into existance?What were its national borders and what year did it cease to exist?What currency did the nation of Palestine use and why is there no history of it?Name one leader to the “nation of Palestine” prior to Yasser Arafat.

Bush was worse

Israel does not want peace, Israel always wanted war.and sadly the USA always support it . it is the main reason the USA invaded Iraq. the Israelis control the USA and lead it from war to another ,of course you didn't believe that but may be after Israel lead the USA to another war in Iran ,and the USA loses more soldiers and trillions of dollars , and after that Israel start crying about another country , then may be you believe the truth

This is a Holy War , this was talked about by the prophets of old in the old testament. It is all Bible Prophecy comming true. and nothing can stop the prophecy. It is what it is. and what will be ,will be., like it or not!Damn it we were hoping  you keep him!

Once again I am amazed a what a bunch of whiners Americans have become.  Or rather what a bunch of whiners republicans have become.

What did Obama expect ? U.S government ALWAYS help Israel to kill Palestinians !

Obviously they haven't forgotten that nice bird salute that Russian newscaster gave Obama a few years ago on the air. Now that was Epic!!

Obama is a Zionist puppet stooge, you only have to watch him grovel and scrape before Satanyahu to see this is true. The Zionist controlled U.S congress not only condones the genocide and ethnic cleansing policies of the ZioNaz*i regime, it actively supports the genocide with U.S. made weapons. Obama must do the bidding of his Zionist paymasters.

the   crazies are blaming the president again?   stop blaming the president, stop obstruckting, do some work finely...

Abbas in his Ph.D. thesis from the 1980s, published in Arabic as The Other Side: the Secret Relations between Nazism and the Leadership of the Zionist Movement.In that book, Abbas declared that the gas chambers were never used to murder Jews and dismissed as a "fantastic lie" that six million Jews had died in the Holocaust; at most, he wrote, "890,000" Jews were killed by the Germans. And they were killed, Abbas wrote, in part as a result of Zionist provocation orchestrated by Ben-Gurion from 1942. Or, as he put it: "The Zionist movement led a broad campaign of incitement against the Jews living under Nazi rule, in order to arouse the government's hatred of them, to fuel vengeance against them, and to expand the mass extermination." All of this was designed somehow to facilitate the victory of Zionism.

the worlds cancer "the M.E.", mainly the stolen land,send israel to hell er the sea....

We have no 3G in fakestine??? well tell hamas to invest in technology and people rather than celebrating death.

Wait until they see the traffic jams that his arrival causes....they will now how we feel when he comes to town for fundraisers.WE ARE NOT FREE, as long as our mass media is owned by Jews loyal to Israel.

AS A MODERATE AND AN AGNOSTIC, I fully support the Palestinian people.  I hope Obama can actually play fair, and work to let them have a STATE.

Do we even have a chance of overthrowing these clowns or is hope completely lost?

Did I also mention that Obama is muslim??

OMG!! @ Fraylina

how do you do that Fraylina??

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslimObama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslimObama = muslim

Obama = muslim

I love you Fraylina

IC. Because there is someone else on Earth other than an American President that has the power to bring both sides together.  I just don't think the Palestinians and Israelis have the collective intelligence to end the insanity.

That pictures not in Ramallah, it's in the U.S.! Great pose Obamonkey.

They obviously don't know that Obama is muslim like them.

Go ahead Primate Obamonkey, go to Palestine and show how popular you are there....maybe we'll get to see another beheading!!

just as much people liked bush that hates obama denis. speak for yourself!

Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visitLOL, lets see how enthusiastic they are about their next PALI MOOZIEASSKICKING

OF COURSE THEY'RE INCREDULOUS, the U.S. has be supporting Israel's theft of their land for DECADES.  What should they trust???Israel and Palestine both wastes of space. . . Im tired of their war. . .perfect examples of how  religion will be mans downfall. . .

Tell me how many countries hate America !!! sadly its the politicians who are to be hated not the country

But I thought he was going to make the rest of the world like us now.

Funny, the right says Obama's a Muslim and the Palestinians say he's too nice to Israel.

The pakis are one of China's biggest arms importer.  And we thought the mouse-lem country was our ally

Just shows that Obama is on the right track if those morons don't like him .

Why does my government fund support and defend Jewish zealot expansionism and provocation ???  How is American government hypocrisy good for America and its interest ?

You americans have no idea why 911 happened, do you.

obama needs to help the rest of other countries before us thats great

Does anyone wonder why Israel does not allow-by force- the media to enter Gaza freely like any other region in the world,The answer is simple to continue lying to the world, Israel commit crimes against humanity in gaze every yearWho says Golda Meir wasn't right.Just google, Hussam Abdu 72 virgins.Fatah promised the boy $22 and 72 virgins if he blew himself up.Sent To Die (March, 2004).If you needed more evidence of Islam's vile and heinous nature, the cover story from the March 25, 2004 edition NY Daily News certainly obliged. For $22.00 and the promise of 72 virgins in Allah's paradise, a mildly #$%$ Palestinian boy was coerced into becoming a human bomb by Islamic clerics. Compelling young children to do their dying for them seems to have become a favorite tactic of the Islamic fundamentalists in control of Yasser Arafat's political party called Fatah.Islamic Imams and warlords are cowards, hiding behind little boys. They corrupt, coerce, and recruit children with promises of perverted rewards, while they themselves remain in the comfort and safety of their mosques and madrasas. No doubt they know Muhammad's dogma is fraudulent and morally bankrupt and that Islam is simply a means to wealth and power.

As long as Islam is involved............... no chance of peace.And that goes for the entire ME. Most of the posters here refuse to accept the undeniable.

The Palestinians don't like him? That's another reason I do.

Awwww, he just wanted to ride in the big airplane.  He doesn't care what they think.

Nabil Shaath was one of the perpetrators  of the Jenin massacre hoax claiming that 500 Palestinian civilians were killed.From April 2002.Meanwhile, Senior Palestinian official Nabil Shaath charged that Israel's alleged "massacre" of hundreds of Palestinians at Jenin refugee camp included between 60 and 70 summary executions."There were 60 or 70 executions," Shaath, the Palestinian Authority's international cooperation minister, told more than 100 delegates at the opening Tuesday of a two-day Cyprus-hosted UN conference on Middle East peace. "The massacre in Jenin is really horrible. It is a war crime.""The Israeli army took six days to complete the masacre of Jenin and six days for a clean up," Shaath said.

Would US citizens be enthusiastic about the leader of Togo visiting Washington? Their leader would be just as impotent in solving the US's problems.

****FILE-- In this Friday, March. 15, 2013 file photo, a Palestinian woman walks past vandalized posters showing US President Barack Obama**********  THAT'S a WOMAN in that photo? WOWZERS!! I thought it was a dude in drag! No WONDER Muslims want their women to wear Burqas and head to toe body coverings! I would too if they looked like Sea Donkeys like THAT "woman"!!! LOL!

The article should read:  Delusional president Obama, running from skeptics at home about his lack-luster performance, visits the Mideast for no apparent reason.

I heard his wfe say dont do any goats like he did in kenya!

I remember on 9/11.  Palestinians took the streets celebrating. While people met death in New York.  Jumping from buildings, etc.   I cannot forget those images.  For this reason ..... why care ?!I tink Obama is going to surprise everyone. He is going to tell yahoo to freeze squatters or get cut off from his welfare check from the usa.

Apparently some people have it right haha

DAMN, I guess that means Obama won't be staying there?

Even other countries don't care for him. He has done a lot  of damage here. I can hear countries talking we don't want him here. USA  take for a day,week,month,forever please take him.

I pray that the Palestinians will gather, protest and throw stones at the Obama procession on Thursday. Then maybe he might just get the message of how they feel about being robbed by America.

Zionist Puppet Obama Promises War with Iran “Within One Year” Iranian blood for Purim..Israhell has become a threat to mankind. It must be removed from the ME in order to save humanity Americans.The Zionist Supremacist controlled puppet American president Barack Obama has intimated that he will order an attack on Iran within a year “should diplomatic efforts fail” to prevent Iran from allegedly obtaining an “atom bomb.” What about the JEWISH BOMB MR O?Obama made the remark during an interview on Israel’s Channel 2, ahead of his visit to Israel.What this means is that a war with Iran is now almost inevitable, because that nation is not developing an atom bomb at all—as all intelligence reports have already confirmed many times over.For Obama and his Zionist controllers to demand a “diplomatic solution” to a problem which does not even exist, is nothing but a blind and an excuse to wage war against the Iranians.It is impossible to reach a “diplomatic” solution to the mythical “Iranian atom bomb” and the lack of progress which must inevitably result from such nonsense will then be presented to the American public via the Jewish-Supremacist controlled mass media as the “reason” for a new catastrophic and costly war in the Middle East—all to save Israel once again.In the interview with Channel 2, Obama claimed that Iran could “produce a nuclear weapon in just over a year.This outrageous claim is obviously just his Zionist wire pullers speaking, as the US National Intelligence Director James Clapper told a Senate panel during an annual report on global threats on Tuesday this week that Teheran had decided not to build an atom bomb.Clapper further said “we do not know if Iran will eventually decide to build nuclear weapons.”His assessment reiterated last year’s analysis from intelligence agencies stating “Iran’s nuclear decision-making is guided by a cost-benefit approach” which had subsequently precluded efforts to build a bomb.“…We have not changed our assessment that Iran prefers to avoid direct confrontation with the United States because regime preservation is its top priority,” Clapper said.Obama’s claims are therefore a straight forward lie, and he is simply echoing what the Jewish Supremacist warmongers who seek yet another war, have told him to say.Obama went on to say that “should diplomatic efforts fail this year or early next year, America will be forced to carry out military action against Iran.”Obama said that Washington was in ”constant coordination with the Israeli government” concerning Iran and a variety of other issues, and that he is in close consultation with Netanyahu — to whom he consistently referred by his informal moniker, “Bibi.” He said the two have a “terrific, businesslike relationship.

Now Israel will be trying to push him to start another war for their benefits and we will pay for it and have more of our soldiers die.   If Israel wants to fight Iran then go ahead and do it, we will sell you all weapons needed but please pay for it, not from my taxes.

America likes Obama far more than they liked W.

Yeah, better USA is for American not for Israel, 52 years just enough. Mideast gave much contribution of USA economic progress. pay attention to the larger of the world with in peace manner and wisdom will make USA an honor country.

There is instability and anarchy in so many arab countries around Israel including Lebanon, syria, Egypt, Tunis. There is only one Jewish country in the world, there are 50 Arab or Muslim countries with 1000 times more land than Israe. The entire West Bank is Israeli territory from ever standpoint-historically, legally and Morally.Israel is still will to talk about a compromise. The PA leaders want everything, they keep spreading lies that Israel is stealing their land that the Palestinians are sufferring etc etc. Anyone who has gone to the WB and seen the truth know that the PA arabs have it better than all Arabs in the middle east from every standpoint. The wacko lefties have convinced the PA arabs that Israel will go bk to the 67 borders if the Arabs refuse to compromise. Israel will never go bk to the 67 borders and Israel would be committing suicide to do that. so tell the PA arabs we are willing to negotiate with them but they can forget about a PA state at the 67 borders.lets all hope he remains there, a fond memory of hope and change, before he runs this country into a concentration camp hell.

He beter do good by Iserial or the good lord will take care of him.No questions ask.

Those who look for Palestinian submission to the Jewish State, will never find trust among Palestinians. The only slution is up to the U.N. by letting Palestine to be a State. That would put an end to all the abuses commited by jews against this community.

We are all pretty much in agreement with the Palestinians...we are also unenthusiastic about Mr. Potato Head!

כּוּשִׁי

They may change their attitude and vote for him after he gives them a few more million dollars of our tax dollars.

The terriotorries Isreal posesses are victors of war from 1973 when Arabs were sworn to distroy Isreal. Let Isreal do as they like including building on THEIR land.  In 1948 the Arabs were offered an independant state along with Isreal by Britian. They refused,so be it,they had their chance. Arabs living in Isreal are the most proseperous,educated Arabs in the world. Go figure.

well guess these people are learning he was only a community organizer

Why would the Palestinians trust us when the U.S. has let Israel  suck off the teat of the U.S.A. for more years than i can remember?

If this was any other country but Israel,the US would be on their #$%$ for Apartheid like conditions placed upon the Palestinians.............Did someone take a vote among the people of  palistine to come to this factual? Statement we are reading?

I give a thumbs down to all top posters.

Obama is a community organizer and rabble rouser not a solutions man. they could use him to get attention but not work together to find answers. BTW they can have him.

i've got a dog that reminds me a lot of the palestinian/israel conflict.  when he farts, he jerks his head up, sniffs his tail-then growls at the other dog...but in this case i gotta say i think obama is the farting dog.  lol!!!!  you just know he's gonna stink up the place.

We need to stop throwing tax dollars away in order to secure Mideast peace. It will just never happen. After seeing this picture  think we need to cut off Palestine immediately.

Obama tried doing what Palestinians wanted and he learned like everyone else, they don't understand negotiate". The target will always move. Many don't understand there are consequences to nothing, time marches on. All that energy wasted on traditional Jew hate, the life blood of the middle east and the curse of the Palestinians..

Perhaps the "Palestinians" would be good enough to send Hamas to provide 0bama with a reception he will never forget.  At least then, they would have actually done something good for a change.

So... They feel the same way we do about him I see !!

He will be closer to his religious soul mates. Maybe he could just stay in palestine for say maybe four years or more. The U.S. would even pay you to keep him, I am sure we are already giving Palestine money to hate us so they might as well earn it..Israel should never feel emboldend by anything obama reads from a teleprompter. He will change his story with the direction of the wind.

Yeap his foreign policy is working just right.WELCOME TO OBAMMUNIST'S AFREPUBLIC OF HITLERSTAN.Obama is no friend to the Jewish people.Vote him out so we can have a true friend of Israel for a change.NO SECOND HOLOCAUST.

If you haven't seen it yet, watch 5 Broken Cameras

Sorry to say that we thought Obama will be fair to both sides, but unfortunately has sided with Israel. But the fact is 'siding with Palestine in usa is political suicide" Period. He knows what is right and everybody in the world knows what is right, but everybody is scared of tiny Israel.

Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit:  Dont feel bad we know how you feel.

i read these posts &amp; know what i see, likes about dissing the not so wounderful wanna be president out way greatly the dilikes about the negative responces. sends a message how did he get elected 2x's in a row. i would say its rigged!!! out of the hudreds of people ive talked to only one person liked &amp; voted for him!!! WOW!

I hope he moves there so he can screw things up as bad as he has done hereGood By Barock Oblama your a hack

i

It doesn't take a village. It takes one guy with a paint can.

I hope the Palestinian rock throwers hit there target.

Palestinians = racist Repukes who love Faux news and Tea Baggers.I've honestly never heard of such a #$%$ argument in my life. we won't discuss negotiations for a state of our own until you stop building settlements - ergo we're going to sit back indefinitely WHILE YOU KEEP BUILDING SETTLEMENTS. How half-brained do you need to be to calculate that it's in your best interest to start negotiating and reach an agreement of some kind AS SOON AS POSSIBLE???

dis·il·lu·sion[dis-i-loo-zhuhn]  Show IPAverb (used with object)1.to free from or deprive of illusion, belief, idealism, etc.; disenchant.noun2.a freeing or a being freed from illusion or conviction; disenchantment.

Breaking news...Air Force One just exploded over the Atlantic..#$%$ flew everywhere!

See what going on is the saying what go around come back around... we had plp in the house be4 doing what the black men doing now but when a black men do it is f-up. But the plp be4 him did it it OK Im not saying all white president lie the one's who don't lie ur not here. JFK hes bother..We as black plp have 3 more yrs let us be y'all lie about everything.. y'all r the maker of lies so #$%$ y'all talking about... most y'all replying to this is white and Republicans so that should tell you there....

cuz he is a jew #$%$

Not only does his own country hate him...but others as well...

HA! Nobody, anywhere likes this #$%$.

I wanna make this real clear to everyone in the world- There's not going to be any peace between Israelis &amp; Palestinians--- And that's not the fault of the Palestinians, not at all; That is solely the fault of the Zionist occupation's policies towards Palestinians &amp; 'Israel's' hostile violent actions against Palestine.  The only thing Obama can hope to achieve in his visit is to try to talk some sense into the Israelis side.

Lol!

I  live in a "settlement" and the thought of being kicked out of my home simply because I am not Muslim should offend all liberals and conservatives alike. This is a racist policy.The "Palestinians" don't like anyone who isn't willing to give them the all of the land of Israel and anything else they want. Israel gave them the Gaza Strip community, with complete infrastructure and the "Palestinians" looted the community, and them whined that Israel hadn't given them enough. As Yasser Arafat said, "Whatever they give us, we'll use as a springboard to take more." They constantly wail that they live in abject poverty, yet the background of the picture of Ramallah, above, looks pretty prosperous to me........

ISRAEL is the modern Golden Calf,   Judaism is about Peace and RESPECT for all others not about LAND possession. The Bible has been taken totally out of context, Jewish Israelis will suffer for it.

You hypocritical, insane Republicans!  If the Palestinians had cheered Obama, you would be saying, "That Muslim traitor!"  When they boo him you're all 'the Palestinians are right', 'hey, we have a lot in common with the Palestinians'

Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama, The Great Divider of Nations. Welocme to our world. Please keep him.

you think they might try to "hurt" our prezzzzzzzz?

Hmmm maybe they know something we don't.!!

How do it feel to be lie to in ur face people sick it up

He (we) shouldn't even be going over there. We should stay out of other peoples problems. I can think of plenty of things over here that need to be taken care of..charity starts at home!

OBAMA IS JUST ANOTHER SLAVE TO ISRAEL.  He had to swear allegiance to be elected, or their media would have destroyed him.

WTH??? I thought the whole dang world loved #$%$-Clown Obama?? I have a sign just like that in my yard. Been there since 2007.Jesus just laughs and laughs at the muslim filth.   Oh, the dummies were expecting ubummer to force something on Israel??? Ain't gonna happen, you evil muslims.If those barbaric muslims want something from Israel, they'll have to talk to Israel and stop thinking they can run to everyone else instead to pressure Israel.Those savage muslims don't get it.  They'll never get anything unless they learn to compromise.  But since they are blood-curdling muslims, they don't know how to compromise.  Its not in their DNA.Let Israel move higher and higher in its culture and happiness.Let the muslims sink lower and lower into the dark ages with their blood-thirsty culture of hate and  destruction to destroy themselves, no one else.Amen

Obama is working for AIPAC, plain and simple LMAO, If our public hasn't awakened to that sad fact then we're already smoking holes. He serves Goldman Sachs and the NWO agenda. Bush, Cheney, and Obama's NWO goons want full control of the Middle Eastern resources for Halliburton, and it's other affiliates. That's one reason they want Iran kept to conventional weapons, and why Netanyahu's Zionist's want Obama to keep our American soldiers right where they are. Don't bet on our troops coming home anytime soon Folks, By the Palestinians achieving U.N. approved statehood they could pull a Iraqi/Kuwait move and ask for American Support to deter Israel from anymore encroachment onto their side of the fence. Ten will get you twenty though the Administration wouldn't lift a finger. One hand washes the other in this deal people. The Zionist have to keep the edge (Nukes) to their side of the fence in order to secure this deal, and Obama has to play along in order for the corporate powers with a knife to his back to get what they want. The Palestinians better run for cover because with Obama at the wheel "Hell is coming to Breakfast"

Free Palestine!

Not enthusiastic? I think thats the first thing I found in common with the palistinians

Lets just hope Odumper doesn't hear this, he might just think that another shot of a couple hundred million U.S. tax-payer dollars might just bring them around !

Who gives a #$%$?Let them pass on US aid dollars ......

Why would Palestinians be impressed by another politician anyway?

for sure the hebrew of evil cancerous torah will love him ..

If he is not going to restart the peace talk process, and has little to offer; then why is he going. Just more propaganda by his administration, so he can claim he tried and it is not his fault, just like I tried to stop gun running in Arizona, he tried to stop up rising of protestors in Benghazi, I tried to broker a deal to avoid the Sequester but it is not my fault. Political ploys to cover his behind.

'UCK ISRAEL and all you Israelis posting on U.S. boards.  You need to get the hell out.with a little luck hamas will take that #$%$ out with an rpg. personally, i don't care if he comes back or not. he can stay over there with his zionist jew buddies.

Hey palestine...think about how we feel!

Palestine a trouble maker, Obama have not arrived the region they started to put insults, but that their evil cannot hold. Peace to whom that want peace, peace to Israel.

we should stop acting like we really care about peace between isreal and palestinian.  we already gave green light to occupy, 5 billion $s a year welfare check and tons of WMDs to isreal.  it does not take a genius to figure out what we want to do.

well lets see hes going to send guns to syria (and we saw how that went with mexico) he is preparing the invasion of iran on assumption(yes they have nuclear energy and yes they could have a bomb but they would have one by now if they wanted it like Korea, who still get little pressure). so give him time he will let Israel  take what ever it wants under its passed down politics in its dictatorship(sure you passed the mantel but unto another puppet, who follows the same agenda, had they atleast faked voting like Americans and the electoral college do they wouldnt get no were near as much of its #$%$ done)

America feels the same way about him!!!!!!!!!!!!

Google this story.June 15, 2004 by Alex SafianThe New York Times covers (and covers up for) Palestinian child bombersHiding the problem won't make it go away.

he didn't get his budget, so i'm sure security will be less in DC at the time of his departure

his henchmen will be loosened

I love the sign. "We have no 3G in Palestine." OH NO!!!I love the sign. "We have no 3G in Palestine." OH NO!!!

What do the Palestinians have against a Keynan?

Obama made lots of promises, I THINK Obama might have kept one promise.Military–industrial complex, or military–industrial–congressional complex, is a concept commonly used to refer to policy and monetary relationships between legislators, national armed forces, and the military industrial base that supports them. These relationships include political contributions, political approval for military spending, lobbying to support bureaucracies, and oversight of the industry. It is a type of iron triangle. The term is most often used in reference to the system behind the military of the United States, where it gained popularity after its use in the farewell address of President Dwight D. Eisenhower on January 17, 1961, though the term is applicable to any country with a similarly developed infrastructure.--Weikepeda

Obama shoud not waste his time going to Israel!! Israel is Americas WORST enemy!

(F)(U)(C)(K) Palestinian and it's insect terrorist people.

We Americans have done the Palests wrong by supporting the Israeli crimes commtted against them.  BUT Americans are waking up to the jewish/israeli duplicity.

of course, Obama is a puppet of the zionist Netanyahu..Obama does not have any backbone and will bend to the demdands of Netanyahu

Why should the semitic Palestinians be overjoyed to see Obama, after he kisses the wall and sucks up to Uncle Benny &amp; Co

I.T.O (International Terrorist Organization) :ChristianityIslamJudaism

Obummer stinksObummer stinks

" President Barack Obama will find a disillusioned Palestinian public, skeptical about his commitment to promoting Mideast peace, when he visits the region."LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   "his commitment to promoting Mideast peace"???  I just dialed 911 because I cannot stop laughing and the operator asked if there were another person who could explain the call. Perhaps the article can tell us why the Palestinians should view Obama's convenient visit in a positive light?  When told during his first inauguration that Israel was shelling civilian concentrations in Gaza during Operation Cast-Lead, Obama merely echoed the same vapid statement that is part of his sworn duty as U.S. puppet:  "Israel has the right to defend themselves".  Now bear in mind that this is the same outrageous moral hypocrite who shed tears on national television for the murdered school children of Sandy Hook Elementary School, Israel managed to kill 400 Palestinian children in three unrelenting weeks of constant shelling, but alas our commander--n--chimp had no comparable tears for these children. Obama has been summoned to Tel Aviv on the orders of his immediate superiors because the Israelis want a proxy-strike on Iran, however they would prefer that American kids do the fighting, bleeding and dying. The IDF is a marvel at killing unarmed Palestinian kids and their unsuspecting Mothers, but dayyyuuuummmmmm!!!!!  the Iranian Royal Guard will shoot back, so Netanyahu would prefer the U.S. to handle the "wet-work"

The (((holy))) one of israel gave gerusalem to the israelite, and till the end of the earth will be like that, all you palestinian go to hell.

The Puppy (Netanyahu) continues to wag the Dog(US) shamelessly while taking US Tax dollars and US state of the Art Military equiptment.....

Don't know why the cry baby Pals are so un-enthusiastic about Hussain visiting. Hussain bows to Islam at every opportunity!!! He is one of the most anti-Israel / American  presidents ever!

The Terrorstinians are upset that Obama wont deliver Israel on a silver platter to the Arabs.

Louis Farrakhan: Barack Obama Is "The Messiah"

obama is bushs third term!!

Funny,I thought all of the Middle-East hated all of us.Oh,wait,they do.Use your brain for once republiKKKLANS.

That's what I'm saying.we could learn something from these Palistinians!!!!!!!!!

Obama is doing the will of the master. Palestinians should consider running across the border with some nukes and ending this nonsense in the middle east. Burn it down and start over! The truth hurts. Even if israel cleaned up their monstrous behavior, the wounds are so deep that annihilation of that region will be the only recourse.

He's just wasting more taxpayers money. Do they golf there?

Hopefully he stays there. We don't like him either.

I don't understand how Israel continues to maintain that the continued creations of settlements is a separate issue when the very heart of the matter is the expansion of said settlements.the more land Israel develops the less land for the Palestinians how can Israel claim they want to negotiate in good faith.The reality is Israel wants to grab as much land as they can.I thought Obama might have taken Israel to task on this but the jew lobby and financiers got him reelected so there is no real cause for hope here.The jews are what they are and the world knows it you just can;t say it.

The problem is we're too wussy to impose a solution on both parties - we have no problem bombing Serbia until Kosovo was split from them...no problem invading Iraq to impose our ideals, nor invading Afghanistan, or bombing Libya, Grenada, and a host of others.  But we are totally chicken when it comes to Israel.  This mess just keeps infecting our entire relations in the middle east, and really - we do allow Israel to behave like a spoiled child and give them everything they want.  Create a country for Palestine and then hold them accountable if they attack Israel.

Most of Obama haters didn't love the Republicans either. Obama is doing the best he can with what he has. I think most of you have to realize there is a growing discrepenecy of who has what and thats around the world. You can't forget about the world. You might not want to add refugees but thats up to everyone in congress for future business. Many low income people don't have to the bucks to post.

Palestinians know the lame duck policy of Obama administration.

Oh, my !! That means that they won't encourage him to stay there FOREVER !! We lose again!

Well, Obama supports Israel, should we be surprised?even the palestinians think obama is a has been.we could ask hamas to keep him ,but they don't want michelle in the deal...israel-egypt-jordan-turkey,even kenya don't want him so i guess we're stuck with him....god must be punishing us.....

Obama just sent  a big army of apes to invade palestine.

No 3G in palestine? well, I guess those Obama phones won't work over there.

Obama is for the /Vi99ers

the palestiean should through him with the uglest shoes they had.and the palsetiena leader -abbas- should be hit with the uglest shoes ,both are fairing the isreal  . they isreal will not take peace with the week sid,they only respect powe, and iran urinon enrichment progras is the right power for the right, coward, simply put.

I think that The Palestineans are lazy and stupid people. They had a deal when Their Gay Leader Yasser Arafat was alive and blew their chance to have a functional state. These are the same people who killed Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics, Hijacked Planes in the 1960's-1970's, killed innocent Israeli citizens with Scud Missiles. Bombed Buses in Jerusalem and Bombed Pizza Places. They never engaged in any serious discussions for peace. Palestinean equals terrorists, losers, parasites of Saudi Arabia money. blantant stupidity for their own arrogance.. Scoreboard Israel 200 Palestineans 0.. Abbas is a bullshiter and not a leader. Hamas should be destroyed and its leader all hanged and Israel should bomb away at these animals. They have so much negative karma, Let Egyptain Brotherhood President Morsi take them all in and see how long this Islamic facist would be in power.

I.T.O (International Terrorist Organization) :ChristianityIslamJudaism

This seems a little like what led up to the assassination of Franz Ferdinand... Hopefully this doesn't mean we have another full-blown world war coming soon.

There is a difference between terrorism and defense of innocents.Israel targets terrorists, Israeli civilian deaths are the Palestinians goal.Big differenceHamas and the PLO derive their legitimacy by killing Israeli secretaries and high schoolers.

Mr. President ,please free the Palestinians , be one of a kind . It will go in the History books .They prefer bombing busses, not being thrown under the bus (BHO famous M.O.)

why in the hell would they give a #$%$ ?

The only thing the Palestinkinans get excited about is killing people. If they could do it to Obama, they would erupt in a frenzy of joy. And he's on their side. What does that tell you? that these disgraceful human beings will never be happy with anything, not all the aid they've gotten and squandered, not the land they have (remember, they started and LOST the war in 1948 when they had a lot more than they did today), not all the Israeli blood they've spilled, nothing. They should make their territory into a model for oppressed people -- we are so oppressed, but we turned Gaza into tourist mecca on the sea -- but they can't because they are lazy bums who sit around all day smoking, drinking coffee, despising their own women and thinking of new ways to kill Jews. If they put all that negative energy into SOMETHING positive, they'd get ahead. But they can't and they won't. And it's all Israel's fault.

I put Obama right up there with #$%$ Cheney... Both of them are worthless traitors.

What we get from israel that make the USA so attach to Israel.  That we are willing to send our young men and wemen to die for while they are treat a group of people some what in the same way they was treat by Germany doing world war !!

Islamists hate everyone equally including their own newborns being strapped up for a suicide mission. Well Obama shouldn't be an exception.

Smart people....

Of course they ar disillusioned he caters to ju den. But, guess what ?We just put the last nail in the coffin and carried off the casket of the ju den masonic pyarmid of lies. There tumbling down faster the you say play chess.

What part of his, Obama.... my balls are really big! my balls are really big!

"Deaths in Libya from alcohol poison reaches 87By ESAM MOHAMED | Associated Press – 4 hrs ago"Happy Saint Patrick's Day y'all !Someday the American people will realize the truth, and will realize how Israel controls U.S. foreign policy- -it is possible after several other wars entered by the United States without any reason except to satisfy Israeli and loss of thousands of  soldiers and trillions of dollars - then the American people will realize with who should stand and will realize that Israel is colonized Palestinian land and will be aware who are the terrorists and who benefits from war and escalation

God gave Israel the land not heathen murdering muslims

The Palestinians are "unenthusiastic" because they already saw Obama trying on his new knee pads..-S/T

Yes, they would have been much more receptive if Romney had won......  NOT !

Why don't zionists living in the US support the US first, instead of the occupation of Palestinian land calling itself Israel?

Obama is a Frontman; Washington is pro Israel and will always be pro Israel, regardless of who is president. Look at how Chuck Hagel was made to grovel during his confirmation hearings.

Sgt Major, stupid moron.  Congress spends money. NOT the president,  You obviously are too stupid to understand how our gov works, dumbazz.

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinksI thought Obama was pro-Arab/Muslim? another lie from the right wing

Looks like most of the Repukes have come out of the woodwork on this news item. No US president has been able to solve this one.

as an Israeli my self I don't consider the Jewish Settlers in the west bank as Israelis, not really.the way I see it there are three groups, Israelis, Settlers and Palestinians.the Settlers effectively forfeited their right to call themselves Israelis when they decided to pass the border and choose to live in Palestine land, and in that endanger my future and the future of my decedents.

99% of the whitepublican party is nothing but old,white,religious crazed,welfare slobs.Signed,a whitey

Daniel 11:39-40King James Version (KJV)39 Thus shall he (USA/Anti-Christ) do in the most strong holds with a strange god (Allah), whom he (Anti-Christ) shall acknowledge and increase with glory: and he shall cause them (Arabic Palestinians) to rule over many (Jews), and shall “DIVIDE THE LAND” (Israel) for gain.40 And at THE TIME OF THE(World’s) END shall the king of the south (Persia/Iran) push at him: and the king of the north (Russia) shall come against him (USA) like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships; and he (USA) shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow and pass over.

Oh No! The poor palestinians don't have a technology that has only been widely available for a couple years!

Obama is no less a CPAC puppet than his predecessors. The GOP knows who butters its bread and captures every opportunity to schmooze with Zionists to win political campaign shekels. The Palestinians have every reason to be less than enthusiastic and doubtful about Obama's visit.

Obama really does hate the jews,so did Bush, Clinton, Bush Sr. Regan ,Carter,Ford,LBJ, Nixon,JFK,Eisenhower, and so forth. Did i forget anyone?

So where's all the conspiracists telling us Obama is a Muslim now?  They have the day off?

To bad the palestinians dont realize he is one of them!The Palestian people are right to be unenthusiastic, in fact they should be wary and worried. Obama like every president before him, to insure the easy flow of campaign contributions from the Jewish Lobby and Jewish Vote will take his marching orders from Netanyahu whose idea of negotiation is to further encroach on Palestian land. It breaks my heart to say it but Israel owns and has a tight rein on the U.S. and until we get a president and Congressmen with back bone (I don't think Yahoo will let me say balls) nothing will change. Israel was founded by Terrorists, and is ruled by Terrorists.

I did not know that palestinians were Republicans

What does Hitler and his fascism have in common with RepubliKKKLANS?They both hate education and healthcare for all. They need to dumb down America to win elections.

No One Likes The Muslim, Even The Muslim Themselves Don't Like The Muslim!

RepubliKKKan party is 99% white people.Then they wonder why a whitey like me brings up the race card. LOL!

Ah yes, I remember on 9/11. Zionists took to the streets celebrating, while people met death in New York. Jumping from buildings, etc. I cannot forget those images. . . . ever!

Nothing new on this comment thread . . . Israel First ziotrolls posting hate.

Israel our president is not the problem it is you and the Palestinians.  We cannot live your life for you and the Palestinians are a sad joke.  While the Palestinians are unenthusiatic about our president visit, this pitiful attitude means very little to the free world.  The only thing they are excited about is killing and blaming Israel for their inability to live respectable lives and to do that which is right in the sight of God.  Palestinians stop hurting Israel you do not have a right to act silly.

And so it goes . . . same old zionist boooshyte every day on Yahoo.Watch ** The Secret of OZ (2009) ** on youtube or at - filmsforaction -and see how the Banksters, like the Rothschild Zionists, have been controllingthe US since the 1700s.Real History they don't teach in any school.

Israel is not a country.  Muslims and Jews are no good.Israel is not a country.  Muslims and Jews are no good.

LOTS OF PSEUDO-CHRISTIAN ZIONAZI LOVERS HERE

Nobel Peace Prize will go to Barack Obama. He has done such an outstanding job!

stop calling it palestine yahoo...that is a roman anti semitic term for the land, call it the land of israel, call in cana-an if you afraid to write that...  and stop bashing the president of the usa ..please...

The story of two states of two peoples means that there will be a jewish people over there and a palestinian people here. We will never accept this. Nabil Shaath.

could you blame them,compared to the way we treat the zionazis

gun laws over there are not near as tight as they are over here...maybe someone will take care of our problems next week

I'm so shocked!

The Israelis and Palestinians must be accountable for their own peace.  Barack Obama will have no impact on the hate and vitriol of the middle east.  This goes well beyond what any American President can solve.  Obama will be blamed for not accomplishing anything, which will be a three day distraction, and then ancient feuds will continue until those doing the feuding learn to live with each other like human beings.

The termites of war and USA games at the U.N. have eroded credibility completely.If Netanyahu suddenly stops his #$%$ in his tracks, Obama´s head will dig deeper into Netanyahu´s #$%$!!!Why do the slimy, dirty jews get away with murder in the Middle East? Because they own the U.S. that is why!!! And any body that thinks differently, is just a bumbling fool!!!

Why should they? Here is the Leader of the most powerful nation on earth, yet he can't say or Take any action without consulting with the Zionist Lobby to get a stamp of approval. Knowing that why should he or any other president who lacks balls to make a decision without reverting back to AIPAC or its dual loyalties senators be respected?

Nuke the middle east.

Bryce: try going to the West Bank. You would be amazed. Now try going to tel aviv with a peace t-shirt on. In fact, wear it as you come into "Israel." you will be amazed.

ifamericansknewdotorg. It's time the american public knows how and why we get into all these wars. Try Google: Zionism and when it started.Want to know what brainwashed is? Try going to "Israel". Talk to the squatters er. settlers. Just talk to them and see where there head is.

lol :DSince when did being human become about "world rankings and standings"? Well maybe 6000 years ago, but what about before that? Why cant we all just coexist? Freedom for all, or slavery for all. That is the only black and white policy there needs to be, everything else is just shades of gray, because we cant tell whose telling the truth anymore. Seriously with Olympus Has Fallen, how does that not get censored or blocked, that's traumatic as fk especially for people in D.C. I feel like they have all they censor so many things with homeland security, yet what the fa? They feed Hollywood's every whim, (They got the tax break before fiscal cliff, while we were all celebrating new years). Its very disturbing the price of doing business, over the price of being human.

How much are we paying for this?

An oppressed people subject to a slow, daily campaign of genocide unenthusiastic about a President who directly serves their oppressors. Imagine that.

I don't have nothing to say I love Obama he the the right one 4 the job.... u see his wife he hot and he the first women in the house that like real. So #$%$ y'all KEITH NEDD

Gila’s Shrapnel (A short essay about an Israeli victim of the 2nd Intifada)Oct 2, 2010Rate ThisA few days ago marked the 10th anniversary of the start of the 2nd Intifada – armed attacks, suicidebombings, and launching Qassam rockets into Israel, all of which claimed over 1100 Israeli lives, with thousands more wounded.  Like most Israelis, I know one of the victims.  This essay is my attempt to briefly tell her story.The suicide bomber who sent hundreds of pieces of shrapnel tearing into Gila Weiss’s body when she blew herself up at a bus stop next to Mahane Yehuda market (The Shuk) in Jerusalem in 2002, was a 21-year-old Palestinian woman disguised to look like she was pregnant.The bomber, Andaleeb Taqataqah, was recruited by Aksa Martyrs Brigade – controlled by Fatah, which, at the time, was controlled by Yassir Arafat.Weiss, then 31, was also so badly burned and disfigured by the blast that her roommate was able to identify her only by the nail varnish on her toenails – her feet protected, she noted, by the ”…brown leather Naot brand mini-boots that covered my feet up to right below my ankles”.Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

Obama does not care about them only Socialism

America's top house (N)(I)(G)(G)(E)(R)  won't be able to stop the inevitable raining down of nuclear bombs blowing israel to bits.

Jerusalem has had a Jewish population majority since the late 1850s - that's 130 years already, before 'Palestinianism' was invented:Jews were expelled from East-Jerusalem by the Jordanian occupation at 1948. They lived in East-Jerusalem for thousands of years. They returned to their homes after Israel liberated the city in 67.Jerusalem was never in history the capitol of any Arab country.

It seems that after 5 decades of terror and murder against Israel.The Palestinians might have realized that this campaign of terrorism and rejectionism has failed.Palestinians should get one thing into their heads: the world does not revolve around them.  They share the blame for their situation, because they always wanted everything and never wanted to compromise. First and foremost that NOBODY, and least Israel owes them anything.anyone who believes the fox in the henhouse can advocate for the chickens is a fool of the highest order.  The land grabs will continue as will the abuse and suffering of the Palestinians.  Yet, in the final analysis the near vanquished will always prevail, and if not The Hague the devil eventually collects his own.

Time to distance ourselves from the Jews.

...i mean can you blame them?...i voted for President Obama twice and i won both times not bad (2 for 2)...but Obama has been a BigJewAssKisser!....i want my President Obama to witness the Human Atrocities being perpetrated on the Palestinian peasants by israel and arrest Netanyahu and bring the mass murderer back to Guantanamo Bay Prison in shackles n chains to be WaterBoarded immediately!...

More GOP spin, there are probably only a few people unhappy with the president and they get stirred up by the Republicans.

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

can you blame them for being skeptical ? America is the most biased nation in the world when it comes to this Issue, so in all fairness how could they be fare? Israel has big influence on congress and the white house.

They have to be able to let loose some steam but the US is not the problem here.

American politics are cotroled by the jewish/Israel lobby.  Of course Obama doesn't, care about thePalestinians. USA vassal to the Zionist state.

Whoever picked the picture for this poster...nailed itThe new pope would have a better chance converting mulims than obama doing anything there ....

so suicide bomb him, and do the whole world a favor.

Looks like a lot of NRA members, low level thinking republicans, hypocrites, I'm not a racist, mindless second guessers, double-thinking, back to the stone age, confederate residue are stuck on this site. Many here seem have evolved slower than the rest of society..... and are walking thru each others minds with dirty feet.If President Obama could walk on water, they'd say he couldn't swim.

There are a lot of you who think you are Americans but you certainly are a poor excuse of a human being thinking they are Americans who should be sent to another country off by themselves. Instead you are here tearing down America  acting like traitors to me committing treason to this Country and the Office of President. No matter who or what party is in Office you as an American are to show respect for him and the Country. All you Republican do if you can even be called Republicans is to show the world how evil you are and make it look bad for this Country.

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinksObummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obummer stinks

Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim

@Happy CATawwww...............what a cute kitty!!

To bad yahoo only gets about maybe 5.000 readers on articals like these ...Thats a relief that all of america  dont give a rats #$%$ about israel ...Only israel yahoo readers buy this type news ...Small number of Israel Lemmings read the same yahoo isreal reads day in and day out

We Hate Israel! Free Palestine!

Dont blame them,  now is 64 year usa and israel are killing them and take 88% of thier land

I think duel citizen Fed Chairman Bernanke deserves an audit of the peoples money @ 18 trillion in debt...And israel should tow their own line ..Stop making the american tax payer pay for agenda's that are tranparentI think duel citizen Fed Chairman Bernanke deserves an audit of the peoples money @ 18 trillion in debt...And israel should tow their own line ..Stop making the american tax payer pay for agenda's that are tranparent

lol @ jews are gods choosen people..To much has happened since the days of the bible

Fat Bibi's going to teach Obama their new fight song......Steal and build, build and steal.Keep the status quo.Steal and build, build and steal.Over their land we go..-S/T

since America can't or won't get Israel to be just.....why should the Palestinians have hope...???

what!!! he's one of your bros....this cant be....

NEWSFLASH!It's not just the Americans with common sense who don't trust that snake, Obama.It is the rest of the world as well."Obama is a great!" ...said no American with the slightest bit of intellect, ever.

Hey, the US contributes mightily to the continued oppression of the Palestinians, despite trying to promote itself as a supporter of human rights. No surprise that the Palestinians like everyone else can see American hypocrisy clearly.Why should they welcome Obama???

3g? we all have 4g now. besides, visits are overrated. with internet everyone is connected. look at all these comments here - excellent example of GOP demographic, racist greedy religious white trailer trash, connecting with news sources other than fox news for the first time.

Obama = muslim

When this misery going to end.  Over 50 years a nation has been in captivity. President Obama, also, has to kiss #$%$ to survive.Obama = muslim

Obama = muslim