I remember how talented this Sooner QB was. Went career Marine Officer in mid 1967 for 26 years. I was in the SWC from 1964-1967. We never won the Football Title and went 6-4 my Jr and Sr years. You can figure it out.

Not sure why the parents would raise the issue of a license. His "Private Pilot" license was issued Jan. 26 1977, with a current rating of "Airplane Single Engine Land". The Beechcraft Premier I is a twin-engine jet, so he had no legal authority to be Pilot In Command (PIC), although Wesley Caves was type-rated P/RA-390S for the multi-engined aircraft. If Steve Davis was actually flying/landing then some bad judgement was involved.

OMG, Steve Davis ... I grew up in Tulsa and I remember well the Sooners' back-to-back National championships.So sad for all involved.

the report is that the black box of this plane has been sent to washington d.c......but since it is sent to washington d.c....the report will not be known for 12 months......

Having a Pilots Certificate Is Hell And Gone From Having The Capacity To Fly A Complex Jet Safely. Two Attempts In A Broken Airplane Were Made Trying To Land.  A More Experienced Pilot Would Not Have Taken a Broken Airplane On A Go Around.  The Rule Is Land The Plane With All Hazards At The Airport On The First Approach Even Knowing The Landing Would Be A Bad One.  Broken Airplanes Belong On The Ground, Period. Too Many Rich Owners Of Highly Complex Aircraft Confuse Ownership With Capacity To Safely Fly Their Planes. This Is A Sad But Too Often Case Of, "Pilot Error."

2 have survived that plane crash..from the plane of helena,montana...one in critical condition and the other in stable condition....my daughter in law lived in helena montana in 2010 until she came to utah.

32-1-1 as a starter? they dont make many quarterbacks like that anymore

No record of his license is on file.

6o years old and the parents still out lived him. that must be hard on them.

You were a great quarterback and you will be missed. I salute you, you were a brother to me with the Marrine Corps.   Semper Fi      Rest In Peace.