Good Lord where are the Americans with balls????

What's the problem.  We are pulling out.  Karzi gets the jail regardless.  Does DC think the American people are that stupid?  Once we are out, they get everything.  The Jail, the $5 billion in left assets that the US Govt/Hagel/Obama say is too expensive to bring back to the states.  Let's start adding this up:  trip to get a "persian rug this week"  $5 million; $5 billion in military hardware; $17 million a month in AID; the prison with all the "taliban" go getters that must cost us through Haliburton/Cheney Corp $5 million a month (estimated).  So.  here's my solution.  Ground AF 1 keep the black/hawaiian/kenyan/muslim in the US; blow up  all the hardware, drone strike the prison, pull all the troops out and pull the plug on the AID.  So what is the problem?  As NIKE says:  JUST DO IT!!!!!

and we should care why? i say arm both sides to the hilt and let this dung pile self destruct. and as for leaving our billions in assets behind, why not tell china to take them and deduct from our loan? THAT WOULD BE THINKING; too much to ask of d.c. or the mudslime in chief.

Corrupt ingrate.

actually,  we should bill countries for our presence.

ever wonder who will go in Afghanistan after we pull out of there ...

Pull all troops out ASAP. A tax payer.

Afganistan was a sewer 2500 years ago when Alexander the great passed through. It is still a sewer. The only change is islam, which has made the sewer bigger and smellier.

hagel with his leg and arms in the dying cockroach position stated he would give no ground.

Pull all troops out. Take everything we brought with us, or destroy it! Don't give another penny to Afghanistan or Pakistan!shoot the prisoners and say the terroist did it. Pack your bags and severe ties with them and do not allow anyone in from afghanistan to the USA.

Here we go cowtowing to the Morons again !!!!!

Karzai will tell us he won't release any "dangerous" criminals, then he'll end up releasing hundreds of Taliban and Al Qaida and claim they were "innocent."  It's disgusting that we're still there after all the lies and back-stabbing Karzai does to us and our troops!

and how much will this cost?

Any negotiated agree with Karzai is completely irrelevant. The man is a thief and a liar.Also, the US will not be in the country much longer. I say hold on to the prison until we are gone and then open the gates. Their are actually no "bilateral ties" with Karzai. In any event, he will probably be hanging from a light pole within six months of our departure . His stupid hat collection alone would feed and cloth entire villages.

Karzai would be just another jobless bum if not for the good ole USA!

Who determines which prisoners are "innocent"?

Where the H.ll is someone in the US government with balls to tell Carshit to cram it up his posterior orifice. The little punk is telling us what to do and we bow down and press our lips on his rear end (I hate Yahoo!s censorship, like, wow!, no porno on Yahoo! #$%$ joke). A trillion bucks, thousands of our finest killed, separations from family, military suicides, post-traumatic syndrome, and on and on, and for what? Military contracts passed by our "representatives"  for votes and kickbacks, generals who don't know how to fight or get out of a war, pride (the original sin) that we can't lose, etc.? It was, and still ongoing, a stalemate in Korea (my personal war), a defeat (face it, it was) in Viet Nam, an ongoing debacle in Iraq, and utter waste of our precious warriors and money urinated down the drain supporting them. It's not just Obama, or Bush, or predecessors, like adulterous presidents, and so on, it's the whole government's mentality, Dem, Rep, or Indep, We are without question the greatest nation in the world and have the greatest philosophy, Democracy, but self-interest, lobbyists, and others are/have taken that from us because we're apathetic, too busy playing with mind-robbing electronic toys to think on our own, to analyze, synthsize what is going on. I'm 82 and glad I won't be in your future world....

He is tired!

Don't trust or believe anything Karzai says or does................Their entire country is filled with hostile anti-American hating people. No one is "innocent" Mr. Karzai.

Hagel has aged 30 years in 3 weeks--Looks like he had NO CLUE how much the rest of the world dislikes his leader

If you do not know who that RAT supports by now.  You NEVER will   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

after we are out of there i am sure there now president will be killed and replaced, and it will be as if we were never there

Recapturing in a combat zone, of any that are released, will be executed on the field.

Since when has there any "bilateral relations?"  Karzai is a joke.  I wouldn't turn that prison over to him until our guys are out of there.  Once Karzai has control over that prison, he'll turn everyone loose that's locked up there.  Karzai has proven )more times than not) he can't be trusted.  Yea right, bilateral relations, who's Karzai think he's kidding with that remark.

Just shoot the prisoners.

Pull them all out now.  Give me one reason not to do that.

Looks like the Tallyban [owebumbles pronouciation] have only to ask owebumble &amp; he rolls over-- Yhey DEMANDED these prisoners released so he just says OK-- I  know you short term memoriy libs have NO idea what I'm talking about- Thats OK though

hefty bags full of mustard gas for the inmates..Thermite everything else..Hey,our emperor is releasing illegal aliens with felonies.Whats the dif?

Obama does not give a d---mn about the lives lost in order to capture the terrorists.  Its all about manipulating Americans for his benefit.  The real criminals are here in America.

I say we forget all of this staged withdrawal/leave training force #$%$.......pull all US people out of there NOW, hand Karzai the keys to his country, and tell him "C-YA.....it's been real".That country is a lost cause, and no amount of "stages" or diplomacy is going to EVER make up for all the American lives lost or maimed in that backward pitiful excuse for a country......There is no dignity left to maintain....we screwed up, and now it's time to leave the "Gannies" to their own sorry future.......We shot our wad trying to help the ungrateful SOB's, and in 2 years they'll be back to being worse off than before we got there.The nerve of this loser to try to "call the shots", as if he would even be in his position without us.FHAAAWRCK !!!

You want a deal? Here it is. We are going to get on our planes and flip you the BIRD as we fly out of your ungrateful chithole. We will read about your death on the internet  Karzai. Without us there you are toast.

Hagel is an Obama patsy.every decision he has been involved in in his first week has been bad for America

As soon as we pull our troops out we send all of the prisoners from Guantanamo back. That should get them killing each other in record numbers.

With US forces leaving, Karzai is clearly becoming more and more afraid and seems sometimes to be trying to appease the other side, the Taliban, in advance.

Good place to make quite a few practice bombing runs as we leave the hell hole.

So easy to talk about the money but what about the innocent lives we  have killed, maimed , rendered homeless and useless . All we have been doing ever is invade countries under whatever pretence and cause havoc and that place is never the same again.

Americans have no balls they maybe think they posess any! What the hell are they doing in Afghanistan in 1st place! Keep your homebased security up to scratch and these damn fanatical muslims will not come bombing your premises. Poor taxpayers are footing de bills for all these unnecessary wars caused by rREPUBLICAN "WARLORDS" Presidents. Never come across a more selfish &amp; controlling freakin nation in my life of 2 world warsBut is 33k a relatively small force?

What middle eastern, Arab,Muslim Country has ever given the United States any free gifts??????  Edster's Players &amp; Mad Dog Willy has it right. Charge them for the Two trillion dollars we have spent saving their "Rat Hole" and cockroach infested country, or take it from their natural resources, and then totally destroy all equipment, and leave and don't look back!! Will the powers that be do this??? Never! No more General Pattons left, just a bunch of American #$%$ Y S

Why worry about prisoner transfer just blow them all up. there certainly is enough suicide bombings and bombers around. Pull out all foreign Nato troops and let the country go back to the way it was thousands of years ago. Russia tried taming it for 10 years and couldn't do it.

Afghanistan is a very rich country with very capable people. Others need to stay out, and watch. Now Afghans need to show their positive potential.