North Korea said the very same thing while using US Aid to fund their Nuke Program.Yes I am that Old.

There the islamic regime goes again. They say the islamic revolutionary guard's the "most powerful military force" in Iran while ignoring the actual Iranian army! All because the army supported the people in 1979!

I thought they were a year away two years ago.

now we find out russia flew 2 nuclear carrying bombers over guam,man ww3 is going to be starting real soon

Respond?  LOL, they will be running and hiding faster than Saddam's "elite" forces did!

For the last 12 years or so..........Iran is a year away to have a nuclear bomb!

Sounds like a no brainer to me.......only Jesus would not respond to an attack....

Every nation has the right to respond to attacks, even Iran and even from the United States.Yes, Iran has nukes. The time to get rid of them was 2-3 years ago. Now it's too late. Cowardice has a price, and soon we will pay that price.

If they are dead , they cant respond , kill them all if you have to.

The Iranian military is thus free to respond to the Israeli Air Force with it's the most advanced sling shots in it's powerful arsenal.Just like in 88.

Oh my goodness, they have given the order to attack.  I am so scared.  Will somebody please given me a one way ticket to Tehran?  I have a fight to finish.

they will put up a white flag ,just like the IRAQes..when hell drops down

The Law of Unintended Consequences, hopefully, will not take over during the diplomacy part of this Iran/West crisis.  By saying that I mean that whenever military people (esp macho trigger-happy ones) are involved and are on some sort of 'alert', it only takes one misinterpreted action, one misunderstanding in the field to ignite a full-blown military confrontation.  There may not be time to resolve who did what first; if indeed something 'was' done in the first place.  All the more reason why this stalemate shd be solved sooner vs later. I have not qualms about knowing it will be solved.  I just want it solved diplomatically and before this September.

I feel so much safer with Secertary of state Kerry the candidate who said Iraq had WMD's and if elected President he would use the military to get rid of them. Now he can say Iran has Nuke's and advise President Obama to use the military to get rid of them

More war mongering because that,s where the fast money is.  The govt, it's master(the military industrial complex),and it's puppets(the media) will all make out like fat rats on the new war they are selling John Q. Public.  They don't care if you come home in a bag or a chair.  The more tubes,bags and missing limbs the better.  They will use it as a justification to sell the sheeple more war.  Iran is going to make Iraq look like a trip to the dollar store.

Iran's foreign exchange reserves acct is (now) in the area of $45-$50 bln vs about $110 bln about 2 yrs ago.  They are 'burning' cash by about the rate of $4 bln a month; maybe more w/the new sanctions in place as of Feb '13.  Iran is 'spending' more than their 'income' but they have no access to the global mkts to 'borrow' (as the US does, and others) to finance their deficits; if indeed, anyone would lend them $ if they could. Their own currency is worthless; being pegged to some ridiculous level by the Iranian govt.  But they can't use the 'rial' outside their borders; even Iranians don't want to hold 'rials'. The fin'l condition of Iran isn't fully known because they don't allow an open and free 'press' to report such matters and Ahmadinejad is keeping his economy (and funding issues) together with used-scotch tape, smoke, mirrors and lies. I wonder how much the Supreme Leader knows about the fin'l mess Iran is actually in?  This is NOT a country the US or anyone else will need attack is 6 months.  It's a country that will need an IMF/World Bank bail-out and UN food distribution more likely in 6 months.  Just wait!  Once the Iranian govt stops paying (cuts back on paying) their military and police, watch out!

Iran is working very hard on not developing nuclear weapons....an illogical posture.....

There is an Iranian who is in the North Korean military upper ranks. Both NK and Iran attempt to use the same tactics. They are playing the roles of "Dumb and Dumber".

When you see a third aircraft carrier moving into the Persian Gulf area, they'll start cring like babies to buy even more time.  Will we fall for it again? Or maybe we should wait until they can use one of those nukes against our carriers.  What will save acting now or acting later?Yaawwwnnn.

Iranian Commanders have authorized to respond to attacks... I wish Obozo would tell that to our Commanders... Perhaps we would still have our Ambassador alive

Let the jews fight their own wars!  No more US blood and treasure in another far off war of no concern to us.  If the same logic had been used with N Korea, that country wouldnt exist today.  But I guess it's because Israel has no interests in that area.

if we go to war with iran, dont make the same mistakes like in iraq,where the population turned on us,do what the serbs did, kill every male you can find.

Yes, all options are on the table. We have everything. Steak and Lobster, Shish Kebab and Rice, All kinds of Burgers. You name it, we have it on the TABLE.

I really respect the french style .... don't go in for the game win but instead just go in and kill a shirt load of them and blow up a bunch of their chit and leave after a month. Come back at random and do it again.

The Balsamic Republic of Iran,about as scary as a Pumpkin on Halloween!!!! The day will come when they will stew in their own juices!!

Boy the Iranians are really children when it comes to PR aren't they?

To bad the war mongers among us all, cant use swards, spears and clubs to wage war.  We could go hack eatch other to death.

Iran's "table " options..1) Throw hot falafel at eneny.2) Read out loud from Koran to scare enemy to death.3) Hug a bereaved mother.We can see what nukes has done for Pakistan and N.K.

This is what?  All military commanders in every country in the world is authorized to respond immediately to attacks.

Do these guys take turns making stupid statements or is it a lottery draw.

good

To rid the Middle East of nuclear weapons, it has to start from where nuclear weapons actually exist and not from where fear, fraught imagination and dubious speculation say that it might be produced at some unknown time in the future. A nuclear Israel is the cause of much of the problems in the Middle East today.

The Iranian Revolutionary Guard would last about as long as the Iraqi Republican Guard - which was just long enough to be found and engaged one time... They may do a good job of oppressing their own civilians, but against US Soldiers they'd be like 8th grade all-stars playing an NFL team.

Talking to Iran is useless. Bomb them back to the stone age. This will work immediately.

attack from who got nothing we want course isreal may atttack thembefore 2 long

Shock and Aw part II.

Iran is soooo going to get flattened.They will be firing the few remaining machine guns and anti-aircraft weapons at B-2s and F117s after they have long disappeared over the horizon and left the base in ruins.

Wasn't it "a year to produce nuclear weapons" a couple of years ago

here is a FACTiran with nukes is NO THREAT to USA . so why are we wasting so much energy on iran? and why is iran always in the news ??

In other words........IF YOUR FEELIN' FROGGY, LEAP!

Oh, I believe the AP. Print and I believe.

They will deny right up to the point of "we neither confirm nor deny".

Send all draft-dodging pro-war republicans in first.

a year my fanny; we will have a surprise by late may if all goes as iran plans. but of course obama is a master tactician; he helped romney reelect him.

First order to field commanders; bend over and kiss your butt goodbye. No way they're ready for us when we decide to come for them.

I do think we are being prepped for a war with all this media reporting.I bet the thinking is that a big war will "kick start" the economy or at the very least facilitate arms sales to other countries.  Sadly war is the only end result of economies mired in debt.  It also provides a distraction to collapsing living standards domestically.Obamas semi tough words on Iran are meant to keep Israel from taking any preemptive action. Obama will never take any overt military action against Iran. Is Obama a secret isolationist ?

I love how Iran throughout history has stood up to invaders and those who threaten it.  Iran is a "mirror" country. You slap it , it will slap you back. You kick it, it will kick you back. It will not let any hits go unpunished. In fact, Iran prevents provocations and wars, but when attacked, Iran also escalates.  I think those who attack should not only be ready to be attacked, but should expect a harsher response.

iran has no air force, who would be defeated

Iran will start by shooting down it's own Air Force and definitely sink that Blue Sub.

I wishing that some would shut iran and n korea up already

Dear Iran .  We welcome your attacks with open arms.   It will be the beginning of your end

Our own foreign policy in the past lead up to where we stand today with Iran. From our own CIA installing the Shah in 1953 under Eisenhower, to 1979 under Carter when he did'nt at least deliver an ultimatum to the hostage crisis. I'm old enough to remember when we were allies with Iran, and even trained with them while in the military. Their people are very much more cultured then any of their neighboring countries, the only thing different now is their people are ruled by a dictatorship that is angered by America's involvement in the past. Just one of many demons we created in the world that's come back to haunt us.

The day Iran fires a nuclear missile at any other nation will be the last action that Islamic terrorist government will do. No one outside of the Great Satanic Republic of Iran believes anything from any Iranian government official whether it be religious, political, or military, because all they do is lie to the world. Iran never tells the truth on anything and has the desire to exterminate humanity. Iran thinks it's the best with its so-called history saying it's a peace loving nation, but that is a joke, as the Islamic terrorist thugs in Tehran who run the government want humanity destroyed to satisfy their pathetic satanic religious belief that humanity is evil. Iran is evil and is a great example of a satanic religious theocracy that oppresses freedom. When Iran attacks, there will be swift action, and that includes the use of its Islamic terrorist proxies in other nations. If Iranians talk war, that means they are inviting nuclear armegeddon to happen to their nation.

Iran wants nukes? I say give em some. Just drop a few over there and we'll be done with them.

He neto invest in alot of Persian blankets so he can bury his dead. Good business to be in Iran. If Obama wants ground troops to do the job then we are F but if he wants hard and quick results with missles and air power then they are F.Did anybody expect anything different?

And Israeli and American commanders are authorized to respond to attacks also.  Nothing new.  Stupid article.

We (USA) and Israel knows Iran has no nuclear weapon program.  That means no one in Iran is working to make a nuclear bomb.  Iran has had a nuclear program for about 50 years. At one point we helped Iran build a nuclear reactor and supplied Iran with weapon grade uranium  to run it. Check Iran atoms for peace.  So if nuclear work is not the Issue what is?  Iran arms the people fighting Israeli illegal settlements.  That is a major source of conflict between Iran and Israel. End Israeli illegal settlements and we debase the real cause of conflict between Israel and Iran. That is using international law to make policy not the Israli lobby.

One time NO EVIDENCE next time POSSIBLITY and now A YEAR FROM NOW THEY WILL HAVE THE WEAPON,,,,,,,,,,,,,Guess we all just have to sit around and wait tillALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE and just how wide is that RED-LINE

Remember Persian Gulf 1.  They Iraqis were authorized to repspond to attacks.  They came running out of their bunkers crying like babies for food and water, after a weeks long bombardment campaign.  They're not stopping.   They'll wish they had.

Obama will never attack a fellow muslim.  Especially this country that he has done so much for by stalling for time for them.

When Iran captured RQ-170, it knew US might send bombers to destroy it.High Alert command was sent to all missile units: If ANY US warplane enters Iran, or missile approaches, fire at US bases in Afghanistan. Do not think twice.

NO WAR FOR ISRAEL!

Allowing Israel to ignore UN with impunity is a big part of the problem. North Korea and others will start ignoring the UN as well. Israel is setting a very dangerous example that will lead to deleterious consequences for the whole world. Settlements on Palestinian property are still continuing, with impunity, despite UN's statement against the illegal action.The double-standard injustice is more of a problem than Iran's nuclear activities - which are peaceful - and Iran's stated position on the uselessness of nuclear weapons. Iran is calling for a verifiable nuclear-free world, why are nuclear weapons holders not hearing the call?

Saddam Hussein used to talk like Iran, wonder what happened to him? We don't seem to hear much from him anymore.wouldn't you?

Irans powerful Revolutionary Guards..... Iraqs Republican Guards.... no match for the the power we bring to the table..... Iran doesn't want a war with us..... especially a war they can not win....

Iran: Only independent, non-puppet, powerful nation in ME.Zio-Western Military Complex &amp; its Al-Qaeda minions cannot tolerate that.The rest is circus. End of story.

Iran and USA should become friends as soon as possible  in order to save themselves and humanity from the big war , which is world war three

Iran is all about hype and BS.  Prepared for what?  To surrender the mullahs and STOP being an antagonist.

If Iran is such a powerful military force why could they not defeat Iraq?  How long did it take for us to defeat Saddam by the way?

Iran has no worries...BOBO will do "diddley squat" ...he is on record along with Hagel. Brrennan, Kerry to do nothing! NADA, ZILCH, ZERO and help Iran run out the clock!he has done a great job for almost 5 years doing just that!...all the while they have been moving their nuke reactors under mountains!..all the while BOBO looks the other way!Iran also knows he will also keep his knee on Israel's neck and prevent them from attacking The Islamic Republic of Iran's nuke facilitieshe will Appease, Dither, Procrastinate, Delay, Look Weak, and simply act as Iran's "Willing Dupe"

Thier first response will be "duck and cover"

Wow really, I would expect them to play a round of Gin Rummy and watch reruns of Friends.

America, don't let 1% fat-cats, war-profiteers &amp; foreign lobbyists turn you to monsters &amp; mindless zombies. Build your country, dire schools, healthcare, infrastructure, unemployment... the 1% uses its ultimate weapon: MEDIA to rob you from your moral compassHey Iran do you remeber operation praying mantis? The americans destroyed most of your navy in an afternoon. Your best option is have your soldiers put on burkhas and hide. Its worked for most arab and muslim  men for a decade. You don't want to take on the american military. If you do you will meet allah sooner than you think!

we need better president who can wear his pant and act as a man agains iran and nk.

Our table of option is just a wee bit bigger then their table...lmao

You think they heard this bozo Herman Munster, after all, these talks have been going on for over a decade. He is a goof ball.

The reason all these #$%$ countries want the bomb is because it is the only insurance that oBUMa won't overthrow their government like he did in Libya, Egypt and soon Syria.

i wish one side find gutts to do something,look to me the table they got is runing out of option not what s on it

Iran has a year to go to produce nuclear weapon just like Iraq had weapons of mass destruction!...

So the red line is when Iran has nukes? If that was the case, wouldn't it be already to late?

Hitler should of won the war because the #$%$ we are dealing today most likely be this bad.We have more Dictator and Hitlers than all the leader that come and gone in the past.

After many years of asking Iran to to open it's nuclear sites for inspection, they still won't do it. Doesn't that tell us, that they are trying to develop nuclear weapons. How naive can we be,.Obama keeps on saying a "red line is drawn". That's no threat to these Iranians, I can draw a red line in my coloring book, time to stop this rogue country once in for all, before all hell breaks loose. We cannot negotiate with the " Devil"Lol I am so proud of you General Jazayeri. Of course all your options must be on the table. You have every right to defend the beautiful Iran and its peace-loving people.

don't worry be happy ,

Listen folks,If nuclear war does break out -  you are going to find out how pathedic your leaders really areThey will hunker down in their underground bunkers- paid for by our tax paying dollarsWhile the people get fried, radiated and starve to deathAlso stated in Revelations-  They will wish the mountain falls upon them as God returns ?

They'll tuck tale and run because they'll be getting their #$%$ shot off.

iran says they will not have nuke weapons ,so why defend what?

The world have no option but to accept a nuclear armed Islamic republic of Iran.

hey IRAN MOOZIES,,,thats not the sky falling, its 1,000's of incoming rockets

SCAAAAARY what a joke

ISRAELI and RUSSIANs are the one giving False Intel to the USA CIA/USA Military. on China and IRAN.Oh I Thought the IRAN and N Korea are Members Of the USA  NRA- the Right to Bear Arms.

That is the responsibility of that sovereign nation to defend itself from the Zionist west.Yet israel already has nukes...

The #$%$ has been happening since the dawn of man! All you M F**kers discuss me! I hate ever one of you S.O.B. All humans can F off and die!!

so would Washington admit its been lying(and they're full of #$%$) if in 10 - XX years to come and Iran still does not have nuclear weapons ?

"Tehran denies it is pursuing weapons technology."they ARE NOT PURSUING, they ARE BUILDING nuclear weapons...islamian play on words

Soooo....Masoud Jazayeri said all options are on the table? He and all of the other commanders can do what needs to be done if attacked! First you should say goodby to all the old men of Tehran. Then bend over and kiss your butt goodby!

It would be smart for Iranians to issue those commands in advance because U.S. will try to disrupt/destroy Iranian communication lines. So Iran doesn't want their missile units, etc wait for the OK from Tehran to fire those missiles at their targets.Many people are posting that Iran will be easily defeated. Well you need to do a search on the most recent Hezbollah -Israel war and see how that went.  If it was that easy to attack Iran then why U.S. hasn't attacked Iran already? And this is not just about Obama, even Bush didn't want to attack Iran. Sure Iran has an inferior army but so did Vietnamese. Most of Iranian heavy weapons are mobile so they are not going to be easily targeted from thousands of miles away. U.S. has to send its war planes over Iran to search for and destroy those weapons which will lead to many of them getting shut down and American pilots becoming prisoners which will be used by Iran for propaganda purposes. Also what Iran will do is to flood Afghanistan with weapons that will be used against Americans and thousands of Americans will die just in Afghanistan. It will fire missiles at oil facilities and U.S. bases across the gulf, etc, etc, etc. U.S. will not be stupid to put foot soldiers on Iranian soil (after what happened in Iraq and Afghanistan) so the war will drag on and on. Yes there will be a heavy toll on Iran for sure, but it won't be the cake walk that some people here are promoting. In any event Iran is not a real threat to U.S. and Americans will not have the stomach to enter a lengthy war with Iran and it will be lengthy. Obama knows all these and that is why he doesn't want to get in to another war of choice with Iran. He will attack Iran if it is absolutely necessary, but that probably would not happen.

while we are at it why dont we inspect israels nuclear facilities as well?? maybe if the israelis didnt have nukes the rest of the middle east wouldnt feel the need to develop them either?

What are they going to do......fart on us?

Yea and if the First Slap didn't werk, Slap the Stoopid out of the israelis the Second time...

osama obama doesn't even know his colors. Iran will not be no pushover about everyone in the  world is tired of the usThe Best way for us to find out if Iran has nukes is to Attack them If they don't have nukes we get to invade and occupy them for a couple dozen years at a cost of ten trillion dollars. If they Do have Nukes we will have peace in 40 minutes.

The way I see this situation.. How long is too long. You tell the kid to clean the room. And 10 years later it's still dirty. You can sanction them all you want by removing xbox, and soda pops. But the room is still dirty. The longer you wait, the more mold grows on the dishes under the bed. Being nice and solving things the "diplomacy" way is a bit over due. Don't ya think? If they haven't changed their mind by now. Antarctica will be a tropical hot hawaii island, before they even consider changing that idea. Which means, they are not going to change their mind in this life time. It would be different story, if Iran let someone take a look at what they do have, and what they are or are not working on. Clock is ticking.

Kerry is a memger of the skull &amp;  cross bones, how can he tell the truth when he represents the grand lier,the one cloked in all black!!!

Gee, no one was talking this stuff  when Bush was in office were they? You can call him stupid, criticize him all you want, but the world wasn't trying to bully us back then like they are now.

General Jazayeri also said: “Mr. Obama, do not make a mistake. All our options are also on the table. Return to your country before getting more bogged down in the region’s quagmire.”ww‌w.tehrantimes.c‌om/politics/106501-commanders-authorized-to-give-immediate-response-to-hostile-actions

They can't wait to send their Photoshopped stealth fighters into action.

The entire Iran's Air Force, if you want to call it that, would be destroyed in one day.  And Iran knows it....

Everyone knows that the Iranian Islamic government supports violence and war at the drop of a hat, they are just following their religion.

We, Iranian people, deserve to own N.W. like others, let's be honest, what's different between Iran, India, Pakistan and Israel people??? except their GOV serving US but Iran's not. why US, UK, Israel and others may have N.W. but Iran should not??? any one may answer please???

iran is russias,china boy,like isreal is to the west!!---attack iran,same thing as attacking isreal!!Fk Iran.  Have to say it at least once a day.

Nuke em....make glow at night with north korea

this will not be the last problem if serious inspections of the fleet not be considered.

There are 8 million Israelis, all of whom want to live in peace with secure borders.There are a billion muslims who occupy 99% of the land mass in the islamic crescent and 100% of the oil and gas reserves. Most of them want to drive them - adn all jews for that matter - into the sea. We get it. You hate Jews. You hate israelis. We accept that.And we don't need your love and understanding. To be honest, we pity the death loving pathetic muslims who have been duped by their corrupt leaders into thinking jews are the reasons for all their problems. We went like lambs to the slaughter during WWII while the world watched and sat on its hands. Do you really think we are going to be bullied again by #$%$ such as Ahmedinajad and Erdogan and Morsi. Do you really think we are going to go down without a fight? Do you really think Israel is relying on the USA to defend it?There is only one reason Israel continues to exist and that is vastly superior military capability and more nukes than you could possibly count. That is the only thing standing between life and death for 8 million israelis. And should Iran choose to attempt a conventional war against Israel, Tehran and it milloins of residents will glow like the aurora borealis. The mullahs know that which is why they are all bluster. Sadly, radical islam has become a culture of hatred and death; a messianic death cult that justifies msogeny, killing and hate. God help us all.

europe countries are depending on export.but usa are another ajanda means more war and sanction on countries which are oppsing us rode maps,expansionism and fascism does mean soon europe can not export that much,thanks to usa.now in europe some country is bankrupt like greek,spain soon italia and go on  just becouse wars.therefore obama is hellbent to change the thintank but he is small fish compare to ......................................................................

body bag!

Respond immediately to enemy attacks: Meaning wear your depends so you dont fill your shorts.

I am not rich and struggel to make a living so what diferrent if all bozo want to blow up each other.I wish I can give them advise.

My cousin Abdullah always threaten me.I missing black and white goat. Abdullah show up wearing new back and white goat vest.  I shoot many, many times his Beamer. No gun no shoot. I stab his Lexus tires now he walk everywhere. Allah akburrito.

1+1=2,  2+2=4  Iran + Nuke From USA = 0 , The New Math!As it seems iranian army are worry about us 5th navy or maybe israel's activities in middle east.

Fordo must not and will not close down.Enrichment must not and will not stop.Talks must only be about a nuclear arms free Middle East &amp; the world.I am American and consider Israel as US's main enemy.

I love the Iranian response: "All options are on the table." Perfect. Iran is a sovereign nationthat is NOT required to take orders from the Wall Street Empire/World Bank-CorporateConglomerate. Iran has a rich and proud history. Her people are fiercely independent andrightfully so. USA has 5000 nuclear weapons and our 51st state, Israel, has 300 nuclearweapons. HOW do we tell Iran NOT to have nuclear weapons? "We can, but you can't?" Whois the REAL "rogue" nation here? I don't recall Iran killing 1.8 MILLION Vietnamese peoplefor Vietnam's natural resources. I don't recall Iran dropping NAPALM (jelly gasoline that sticks to the flesh) on the Vietnamese people. I don't recall Iran dropping Agent Orange (which contains dioxin, the deadliest poison known to man) on the Vietnamese people, whicheven today is causing Vietnamese mothers to have children with severe birth defects. I don'trecall Iran dropping not one, but TWO, atomic bombs on Japan, incinerating 300,000 men,women and children when it was NOT militarily necessary (could have dropped the first bombon Tokyo Bay, giving the Japanese leadership and people the "idea"). Point? Iran is correctwhen it asserts "All options are on the table." They will attack NO one. And they have a rightto defend themselves.

Iran has NO nukes FACT. Jews do fact. So the #$%$ you Zionist bots. No fake Satanic country allowed in the ME.

You got to love Yahoo's version of "the ten minutes of hate". It shows how dumb Americans are as nothing else can.

IRAN you are NOTHING but a pimple on a JEWS PORK SWORD

And while yur at it Slap the Stoopid out of the Kenyen too...LOLOLOL

Obama should stop this nonsense called 'dialogue' and move into military action against Iran!

let the fight begin

Iran is like a cave man who says; "authorized to respond to attacks." They're sooo tough ! NOT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !All possibilities are on the table. Those poor tables always bear the burden. Why don't they use chairs instead of tables. Chairs are easy to move around. Both have four legs, but chairs have smaller legs.

According to the latest poll is carried by Turkish agencies among Middle East countries this month, Iran is the first military power in the region.BUT the main military threat to the region is Israel !! next is America!

during the presidential election  theywere 4 to 5 years away. My, how time flies

Even thinking that they can attack Iran is the worst mistake of Israel and she knows this!Thanks to Iran strong military forces, it will take short time for Israel to turn into ashes !

On the worldwide economic state, Tara foresees a “chilling out” time to recoup. The Canadian economy will slow down but remain active nonetheless while China will experience a more severe slowdown. Europe, she said, “will be run by Germany” and the European Union will “break down over the next three to four years.”

Pro‌vide 50000 tomb‌stones, 50000 epita‌phs and 100000 Pu‌rple Heart med‌als and then you can go i‌nto war w‌ith Iran.

The Iranian rethroic is meant for its arch-enemy Pakistan.  Iran understands it is no match against USA and Isreal.  Iranian commanders freeze when confronted by US/Isreal military but they are lions against arabs/Pakistani armies.

Just another way to keep the US eyes off the real problem.  I don't see the problem with a country that hasn't started any aggressions in 1000 years.  This is noting but the 4th crusade

"Tehran denies it is pursuing weapons technology."they ARE NOT PURSUING, they ARE BUILDING nuclear weapons...islamian play on words

Hopefully Iran can help Syria, Lebanon, and Hezbollah in their war On Terror against Sunni wahabbi arab Al-Qaeda terrroismUs submarines and war ships are authorised to use nutron bomb cruise missles on iran

The real Question: Is Obama a secret hater of the country that has given him so much? Remember that any person who has been abandoned by first one parent and then another parent has to be very warped. No, I do not hate him, I pity him.

All said and done, Iraq was a moderate Islamic country and Saddam Hussein was the first ruler to have even introduced Social Security for Iraqi citizens.....this was all before moron Bush advised by a bunch of morons at the CIA attacked Iraq....And, what do we have now? A rabid Islamic country like most other Islamic countries. Wonder if we should repeat this in Iran and waste precious American lives.....and....billions of Dollars. The best thing to do is to let Iran rot itself to destruction.

maybe obama the coward needs to look into a mirror to help him break his delusional mind.  obama is one of the smallest men in the world but he wants to move mountains. impossible. the whole world fear obama the small man and his  so called mighty white millitary. I wonder will his millitary listen to his command 6 years from now? Maybe obama will follow the footsteps of the coward Bush?  can't ever trust a coward? Bush was first coward? obama is next coward? Can't trust a cowards can't predict what they will do?

It is simple.Iran did not contract the US or its Allies to build its Nuclear plats and none of the contracts have gone to them.So they are simply mad. They wield the power in the UNSC so what they say goes.Why did Pakistan get the green light to build the bomb and India too knowing fully well there will be an arms race in that part of the world. Hence the excuse that there will be one in the ME does not hold water.Israel can defend herself by simply telling the Iranians that we have over a "hundred" warheads and you will now have one.So please do not talk about ending our existence.But no the US plays into the rhetoric and goes along because "fear" means money in the form of massive arms sales to the dumb Arabs.The US will not stop selling the  fear game to the Arabs until their "oil" money runs out.Then it is on to Africa for new conquests.See they are already laying the foundation for the next generation of wars .Iran is no threat to anyone. It is just that the US uses the MEDIA to fuel its agenda.

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies.

Yea,.. Slap israel like a Step Child.......

"The Iranian Revolutionary Guard would last about as long as the Iraqi Republican Guard - which was just long enough to be found and engaged one time... They may do a good job of oppressing their own civilians, but against US Soldiers they'd be like 8th grade all-stars playing an NFL team." - Right on.

When it comes to the Middle East, every story that comes out of Washington is a LIE, no matter which Party is in control. It's to the point that if you want to know the truth, you need to assume the exact opposite of whatever they claim.

Over 8000 US troops died in Afghan‌istan and Iraq wa‌rs, over 35000 wou‌nded and disabled. Their overall debt has exceeded $16,000,000,000,000 and con‌stantly increasing. They can't go into a ne‌w war whi‌ch will be several ti‌mes costlier than Ira‌q and Afghanistan wars comb‌ined. Obama is just bluffing.Invaders militants and terrorist are fair game anywhere on the planet !!  At least that's the way my government sees it..  And whats good enough for my government ought to be good enough for Iran !!

If the Western Imperialist and their tool Israel haven't be able to pacify the countries Iraq Afhganestan Pakistan and the Palestinian territories.  What chance do they have of invading yet another country ??

On the world stage, tensions will continue to grow between Israel and Iran. The “U.S. steps into Syria and Iran can be a danger due to nuclear weapons – dirty bombs being used.” Terrorist attacks will occur in London, England, New York City, N.Y and Germany with “suicide bombers in Turkey.” There will also be “major clashes with protesters in such place as China, India, Africa, Venezuela, and even in the U.S. and Canada

I hope they get a bunch of nukes.

Bravo Iran!Only Iran knows how to bridle a wild bloodthirstily animal like Israel that always threatening to attack.

All u Persian haters can kiss my hairy u no what. IRAN IS READY BRING IT ON !!

War is not the answer; a half dozen well thought out drone strikes could save thousands of lives.

Posted by a Patriotic American."Obama said Iran is about a year away from developing a nuclear weapon."For the last 20 years I have heard the very same claim from Mr. Netanyahu again and again. Doing a first grade arithmetic calculation, Iran should already have 20 A-Bombs by now. The only way to find out is to “attack” Iran. Israel does not have the guts for suicide. They want Americans to shed their bloods and they enjoy the fruits.

if you believe bible profies, read matthew 24, start at vers 3 to 14 which speaks of these difficult times we are living in and how it will end  and who will end-it. and how it will be done. believe it or not it will happen. remember nor jesus or GOD can lie, so you can count on the truth. and the bible never has been disproved, as much as man has tried, it has never happen. read for yourself, and believe. ask your own paster.

The Iranians are not developing nuclear weapons! The west is paranoid and aggressive like a rabid dog.Wow..do I hear another war coming on. They haven't even dealt with N.Korea yet.

no mass war against iran will be allowed by china and russia ....70% of the world's natural gas resources are in iran ...so close to china and russia....you think those states will allow some far off land as america from getting their hands on this resource? dream on #$%$ dream on!

This is all going to be really funny when Syria attacks Izrahell, North Korea attacks South Korea, Iran attacks Saudi Arabia, China attacks Japan, and Russia attacks Izrahell.  We think we are spread thin now, we will all be in the hurt locker when this comes to pass.

its onnn... rooooaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

Lookout, Isreal.... sand balls approaching at 2'00   what a laugh.

We bomb Iran before we do North Korea Propoganda will be crazy saying we hate muslims and really how could we say anything to rebuke that claim!

it feels like children arguing over candy

Iran &amp; Norh Korea are playing a very dangerous game with their respective peoples. Are there no people of princpal and sanity there?

Lets start a war with Iran... many Iranians will die as well as Americans... but as long as its not Isrealis...there's 300 million Americans to spare but only a couple million Israelis in the world... after all, those jarheads in the USA army have very low IQ. Less stupid people, no nuclear weapon, the world is safe...

when i was 11 the same baseless report about Iran had 1-3-5 years fron nuke bomb, 25 years later same lies.Posted by a Patriotic American."Obama said Iran is about a year away from developing a nuclear weapon."For the last 20 years I have heard the very same claim from Mr. Netanyahu again and again. Doing a first grade arithmetic calculation, Iran should already have 20 A-Bombs by now. The only way to find out is to “attack” Iran. Israel does not have the guts for suicide. They want Americans to shed their bloods and they enjoy the fruits.

yeah...iran is 1000 times stronger than it was 33 years ago...dont mess with iran

The easiest and best way in any war with America,Sign up to America's bases in the region.

If one or two nuclear bombs go off..we could be doomed. The radiation from it could have a big impact on the air or if its by water it could kill the fish or birds. If not us cause we'd be inhalin it here.

We are screwed, it the US or Israel attach Iran first or the US and SK attack NK first, it is all over, the whole world with get involved in one way or another.

Iran need to be strong. If you weak, your enemy will run you over.

Us generals are authorized to use hundreads of biological weapons,fuel air bombs,cluster bombs,carpet bombs,nutron bombs ,nuclear bombs..on cruise missles from submarines and ships off the iranian coast that could be there 5 mins after launch... The battle will be over in 10 mins...iran will go up in the biggest fire ball ever seen by mankind and wont be able to fire not even one bullet from there muzzle loaders

One bomb is Not a threat of war, one bomb is a threat of PEACE. Maybe that's why the US and the Jews are all riled up? Peace doesn't sell in their respective countries.