Gotcha !  India suspends diplomatic immunity of Italian Ambassador in exchange for Italy's suspension of extradition of two wanted criminals.  Fair deal.

Why are the actual sailors charged?  Wouldn't the CO need to order them to a position and then give them permission to shoot?  Going after the working man there as well I guess, not the shotcaller.

Again, a biased reporting by Reuter (a british company to save the back of their poor italian cousins) without divulging the technical details. Here are the details: (1) The Italian ambassador to India appeared before the Indian Supreme Court and gave a personal written assurance to make sure that those two marines would return after casting their ballot. (2) By appearing before the Indian Supreme Court, the ambassador has placed himself under the Indian law and waived his diplomatic immunity (which any diplomat can do in any country). (3) By giving assurance to the Indian Supreme Court, the ambassador represented the views of Italy. (4) So, when the two marines, accused of killing of two Indian fishermen, refused to return to India to face justice, Italian government should have made the two marines sent back to India. (5) Now the Indian Supreme Court (a special bench headed by the Chief Justice) is furious not only to the Italian government for not keeping its words, but also using "diplomatic immunity" to muddle the water. (6) Hence the Indian Supreme Court has directed the ambassador not to leave the country before the matter settled. Accordingly, the Government of India has alerted all airports to make sure that the ambassador can't leave...... So the readers can judge whom the onus of justice falls upon.

If they AGREED to return for trial, Italy should return them.  (If India had them in custody, why would they let them leave the country?  Not the brightest thing to do.)

What if Indian marines had killed two Italian fisherman, would the Italian government have insisted on trying them under international law? The Indians have just themselves to blame.

The courts did not put these sailors in jail (they were living at the Italian embassy) plus they got to go home for Christmas and for voting. That means they were not being treated as criminals. However, it is the mockery of the court that probably has the judge all worked up.My god, I never thought people would get so worked up :-). The gentleman below addressed Indians 'as dogs'. I can only imagine how much hatred he must have, that is one angry man.This doesn't impact a single person in India (other than the victims family) and a single person in Italy (other than the two Rambos).Let free markets do the talking. If India needs its relations with Italy it will back down from this sabre rattling and same for Italy.

I think India needs to work on the massive corruption-bribery that is rampant in all of its governments and their judicial system before they try to act in the worldly stage. What a waste of huge resources, people and opportunity.

As a country , you cant hold an ambassador hostage...But then again Obama let his Ambassador be sodomoised and murdered....

No matter what the circumstances is with the Italian Marines, India does not have the right to deny the Italian Ambassador movement in and out of the country or within the country.  It will get interesting when the Italians detain all of the Indian staff in Roma.

Here's an idea; Italy will deport all the Indians in Italy and India will deport all the Italians. Let's see whose ships are the fullest.Italy thought that this is something that can be wished away and move on to business as usual. Guess what !, India is not Iraq or Syria, it can bwitch slap Italy back to roman days.

Italian mafia! i am feeling the Italians shot at the fishermen as a sport. I do not think indian fishermen have fancy motor boats like somalian pirates. Most probably a boat made of wood.

India, land of gang rapes and no law wants to try Marines in their backwards courts. No sane country would allow that to happen.

Really fools! They weren't Diplomats so check your facts stupid Mafia #$%$.

#$%$ the Italians - They need to go through the trial. A personal undertaking given by the ambassador does not require Intl convention. It's simply legal.

When you go back on your word you dont have the right to talk Italy. Your ambassador gave an affidavit to supreme court that the marines would return. He basically waived his own Immunity once he applied himself in the Indian Jurisdiction.  Whats your point now???

India should close its embassy in Rome and eject the Italian diplomats from India. Bilateral relations can be established only when Italy agrees to send back the trigger happy sailors.If Italy thinks it is in their interest to keep the sailors, all the power to them. We've got enough problems in India as it is and don't need to deal with a cranky bunch of crying Italians. Perhaps no bilateral trade for 30-40 years will be helpful in calming nerves on both sides.

So according to Italy as long as your in international waters you can shoot and MURDER whoever you want....The corrupt government of Italy at its finest...

India never learns. India is second class country in the eyes of the western world. Italy is Brushing off India like another fly. India is better off shoot some Italian fishermen (of course mistaking them for private) at sea and call it even.

They need to work on their own problems. Apparently RAPE is the number 1 team sport in India......cricket is second.Stupid Italy!  You're not man enough to keep your word!

I hear they are torturing the Italian ambassador by making him eat Indian food.

The words India and justice do not belong in the same sentence.

Its amazing how quickly bad blood can develop between two countries that have have been trading for more than 2000 years (they still keep discovering hordes of roman coins in south india !!).The head-in-therir#$%$ Italians should seriously re-evaluate the situation.  The EU economies are pathetically struggling to catch their breath.  The only thing keeping them afloat is their proximity to the US !If Americans choose to focus a lot more on Asia (which they will because they are slaves to the $$), EU workers will be flooding the third-world looking for jobs !!

Hi,After collecting all possible info on the net here is what I feel is happening right now on this tussle. This is purely my guesswork and any resemblance to actual plans if existing are purely coincidental. Guys please read carefully till the end.Generally when North Korea or Iran arrest a US citizen(s) the ex-presidents like Jimmy Carter or Bill Clinton would fly over there as statesmen and then apologize to the government and then bring these people back. These statesmen become heroes in front of the American public.Right now, India in the last 8 years of inept rule has given its citizens lakhs of crores of rupees worth scams, increased corruption levels, more rapes, more controversies in the Indian Army general's promotions etc. This party has proven once again that they don't leave a stone unturned while creating a mess.In the middle of all this fiasco, we have the mother grooming her child for the top position. We all know that mother has very close ties with Italy still. There are many scams that could easily make sway the vote bank towards the opposition. Which means loss of money and power. These fellows cannot stay away from that. So how to get back the disgruntled votersTask 1: Hang a couple of expendable resources (Kasab and Afzal Guru)Task 2: After rape happens arrest all the culprits (How about stopping rapes?)Task 3: Talk tough on scams and cancel hockey matches with Pakistan (What a wonderful move!)Task 4: Create a situation like this and divert the national attention onto this topic. Now everyone is thinking as a patriotic Indian. Italians are viewed as the bad people. Now all of a sudden "the mother" or "the son" or "mother and son duo" would make a preplanned visit to Italy, talk to their government and bring back the Marines with them. All the nation rejoices at the great statesmanship shown by the next generation dynastic rule aspirant. Mother would project son as a very capable person to Indian masses.End of the story: The trial is conducted for the Marines. A slap on the wrist, a fine and they go back to Italy. By that time the elections are already over and we Indians are prepared to face another massive destructive campaign.

Why did those Indian dogs keep coming at the ship when they were warned time and time again not to approach it. They were warned by radio, hand signals, ship destress horn and firing across their bow. STILL they did not stop. Any idiot who has never been to sea would get the message.

Diplomat lost all immunity when he promised a personal guarantee to Court for the killer's return.

I will not but any basmati rice until the Italian ambassador is set free. Same goes for Bollywood movies. Western girls are far more beautiful anyhow!

This happened in international waters so India does not have jurisdiction to put the Italians on trial. Furthermore this not about a cold blooded murder but about a case of mistaken identity. The Indians were mistaken for pirates and now India wants to put the Italians on trial for murder. The Italians went home but were supposed to come back to India which they did not but this does not mean that India can sequester an innocent ambassador who has nothing to do with the crime. India is kidnapping a diplomat. India should watch its step in lieu of recent rapes. Western people may decide not to step foot in India. This is about a country which is now trying to break free of third world status and is feeling more powerful because of recent strides and is becoming more arrogant.

A personal undertaking given by the person in a country is liable and should stay there to fulfill the promise. Why India listen to this nonsense, #$%$ footing.Keep him there till they arrange to bring the men there. It is a trial and and they are changing the stance and trying to be over smart.India is a democratic country and has a due justice process through courts and moreover it is not year 1857 , when european say something and do other.I do not understand what's the point to maintain any relationship with these #$%$ Italians.  They are simply a weight on this earth.  Lazy people, with huge debts, and a hopeless nation in EU zone.  Indians are much better, hard working people and should rightly discriminate against them.

Stopping the Italian Ambassador from leaving is WRONG.It is against International Law to do so.But, if Italy or the Ambassador gave assurances that the men would return, then they should be held accountable (with law).Either way, the men should not have been allowed to leave.To cast a vote in elections?That is ridiculous.Votes can be cast in absentee ... by ballot ... mailed in.Someone paid someone off and let these men walk out of the country.The only thing left, imho, is for India to go Hague ... though there may be little use of that.It will probably end up leading to an International trial ... which is what Italy wanted in the first place.In other words, India should humbly accept that they were outmaneuvered ... and let it go.

I wouldn't go back to India either. There is something screwy about this. Indians do not eeat fish, mostly because they throw their dead in the rivers and nobody wants to eat anything that eats corpses. It is possible some places to buy fish and there are fishermen, but it is not a big time thing. It makes no sense that they are making such a big thing about a couple of fishermen. At most, the families would be content with some baksheesh (money). I wonder who they really were and what they really were doing.

Gee it sure looks like the international community is ready to go for it. Anywhere they can ingnite a spark, and getting Italy involved, along with their poor government, New Pope, the EU pushing its agenda to take out the old orders....well its just ready to blow.

India's worried about the deaths of two fishermen, while news reports are show little or nothing is done about about the rampant rapes and murders of young women in India? Get your own house straight before you complain about others.

That's not friendly relations but cunning relations. First you gave assurance and when you got the marines, you now changed. The biggest joke is that now u talk of Geneva Convention? You maybe a mafia nation Italy, but India will squeeze all that mafianisim in no time.

India is filth

Well, well, well. INDIA is a nation of lawless , gang rapists.What else is new ?

India should exhaust same energies into bringing rapists to justice  than this  . It will be good for consulates toi shut down until the laws to protect women is strenghen as at the moment its a india is a zoo

india should launch similar mission "raid of osama version 2"send indian elite troops to bring them back.italy should repent and send back two marine to india.eu had acted unfairly in this case.eu should advise italy that india is a rule of law nation.italy should abide the law of india-democratic system- with jury, independent judges free from influence.

India says Italy protecting two murderers because they are Italians, they were supposed to enter the country but we sweet truthful Italians decided to send the killers to their mommies instead.

This is one sided biased reporting.Nowhere it has been mentioned that the Italian envoy appeared before the Supreme Court of India and gave his personal undertaking that the Marines would return to India.Having voluntarily surrendered himself to the judicial proceedings , the envoy cannot  now unilaterally withdraw without fulfilling his commitments to the Indian judicial system.But please observe the slanted one sided reporting by the western media, which has suppressed the deceit of the Italian envoy.

International law prevails, period.

Guys; the incident took place in Indian Waters and not International Waters. The Kerala Fishermen were fishing in the Coast of Kerala. It belongs to Indian Navy and not any other country.

I thought the Italian mafia took care of those that broke the sacred honor of trust...talk is really cheap these days

Mistake two unarmed Indian fishermen in a small boat for a Pirate..something is missing here. I don't think they are telling the whole truth...

Next time an Indian diplomat gets his 100th parking ticket in New York, throw his sorry #$%$ in jail and when the complaints start inform them that India has abrogated  laws of civilization so they no longer apply to India or Indians!

I would say this is now an international dispute and that goes to ICJ Hauge.  India should not bar international ambassadors from leaving, as its makes the sole purpose of a foreign diplomats redundant.What it should have done in the first place is not provide temporary provisions for the sailors to go on vacations during criminal trail.  Learn ur lesson from the mistake, that good deeds do not always intend reciprocity, follow precedence.

So many case points to look at - 1) Argument is still going on whether the incident took place in international waters or within Indian territorial waters.  The petitioners (Italian marines) agreed that it happened at 20.5 NM from the coast, which means under Contigous Zone of India- Territorial Waters Act  &amp; UNCLOS 1982 section 3 subsection 2 states that Contigous Zone extends to 24 NM where souverinity of India still exists altough its territorial waters as per section 3 is until 12 NM.2) Since the occurence took place under India's CZ, the case clearly comes under India's jurisdiction (no possiblity at all to be tried under international law). 3) Once Italian diplomat handed over his immunity to the Apex court while providing affidavit, court of law has right to detain him, once the promise is breached.  In this case, the court has just asked diplomat to appear in the court in April to update on the status, and has not been jailed (court can order his arrest but has not done so as yet).Whatever India has done so far in this case is correct (except sending the marines back to Italy to cast their vote-which they could have done via post, &amp; this weak government's approach in handling the case).Italy essentially conceded their guilt and their ambassador gave his personal word that these two sailors will be brought back for their trial after they go home for voting.  India should have known that this was a ploy - I am sure their votes were very critical to the annual Italian elections but perhaps Indians could have asked for their absentee voting ballots or at least asked for some better guarantee then a politician's word.  Lessons here: "never take an Italian at his/her word" and "don't be so gullible - learn to protect your interests".

Seems America has no problem prosecuting Somali pirates that commit crimes in "international waters". Seems America thinks it has the right to prosecute ANYONE on this planet, regardless of where they're from since it pretty much appointed itself as the world cop. Kinda like the laws of the old west, where gun slingers appointed themselves to be the town Sherriff. Nothing's changed I guess.

Wow! India is being squeezed nowadays like a fly under M1-Abrams

I think Italy is absolutely correct in saying so,bhindians are a curse to civilized world,none of their neighbors are safe from their stupidity .

Looks like the new world order is coming to India. But then Indians were so high they started treating all the countries in the area as terrorists. Now its their butt being kicked.

Becasue indians have still have a huge inferiority complex for been under the boot  of the of British Empire  for many century ! Now they try to compensate with an iper nationalism that does not make any sense , considering that a great portion of their population still live in very miserable condition !

india is  supper powar ,italy  must  be  think  100 times  before  taking  any  decision  , EU  cont  help italy  this time........only  solution  is  return    accused  marines  and  face the  trail

after reading some of this posts i am seeing a lot of reply's from angry indians and although i belive is sad the loss of lives that occurred in this sad incident i still have to ask myself where was this righteous indignation after that poor girl  was raped and killed in such a barbaric manner? where is the righteous indignation after a dane tourist is gang raped not more than a couple days ago? why dont you all speak up in defense of you women's who are raped and abused and  killed on a daily base while  no one would move a finger to help them? keep your priority's strait and dont get all chocked up for something that obviousely was just a sad accident not a premeditated one!

On 24 April, the Italian government concluded an out-of-court settlement whereby which they paid 10,000,000 rupees (€150,000) to each of the victims' familiesIn exchange, the relatives of the fishermen withdrew their criminal liability claims.On 30 April, the Supreme Court of India raised objections to the manner in which the Italian government struck the deal with the relatives.On 2 May, Italy clarified to the Supreme Court of India that the settlement was not a monetary compensation: "the settlements have been made by the Republic of Italy to the claimants-plaintiffs not by way of compensation in the proceedings initiated by them but by way of goodwill and gesture"Apocalypse thinks Italy has done enough. The marines can go back to their families now. But be sure, Karma will catch up to them. Every action has an equal reaction. Apocalypse is going to take out 85% of population anyway.

It is rather simple.  International water = International law.  And I agree with Stoopid, Why were the sailors charged? Where is the CO? Where are the communication logs?