Wow, now that's what I call a nice return on your investment!

The one who sold it originally for $3 is on suicide watch according to latest reports...

Well I guess that proves One man's trash is another man's treasure...

I need one for my dog.

Why can't I find something like that at a yard sale?

It comes with the never ending trip to the salad bowl.

Wow.

I understand that it's reeeeally rare and reeeeeeally old, but it is a bowl for cryin' out loud!!!A pretty plain looking one at that!

Wonder what my old corning ware will be worth in a 1,000 years?? LOL

I guess if you need it you need it.  seems I have some that look like it at home, oh well.cant go wong there

One man's trash could be another man's riches.

Back in the day the Chinese could make some quality stuff now all they can make is Walmart junk!

#$%$ would pay that much for a bowl? And why is that person still rich?

they got it free in a box of ancient chinese oatmeal

I wouldn't pay 10 bucks for that Chinese rice bowl.

The one who sold it has kicked the poop out of his own asx

The best three dollars they ever spent!

I got one from Walmart for a lot less.

Now that your a 1%er the IRS will make sure you pay your "fair share".There's the lady on the antiques show on PBS who had a Chinese bowl she had bought for $2.00 and had loaned it to her neighbor to put snacks in it for a party. The estimated value on the show for her dish was around $1.5 million. That look on her face was priceless.

But mine has pictures of fruit &amp; flowers on it.

And the guy who made it a thousand years ago?...is turning over in his grave.

Just goes to show how many people have 2.2 million that they consider "pocket change"...

need to have that bowl by the front door with car keys and spare change appraised

Yes, and worth every darn penny ( to some unhappy billionaire with nothing relly helpfull to spend his money on)!

Would it be to much to ask for a picture Yahoo?

Don't drop it.

A rare chinese bowl, is that like the first piece of China?

I understand it's a bowl, but smart thinking by the homeowner to sit and realize a potential worth due it it's oddity. Jackpot.It's still not worth as much as our "SuperBowl". :)

Ancient Chinese proverb say He who pee in wind have stinky face.

Geez, I BRAKE for Garage Sales ...NOW!

I saw the same bowl at Walmart for a dollar.

*sigh*. If only it were me.

I am embarassed to admit, I'd probably have fed my cat from it.  Really.

It was the bed pan used by Hung Chow.

"I got an old toilet bowl, any offers?"

That looks like something I made in art class in junior high.....who would have figured....over 2 million dollars

Makes you rethink made in China.Proof the government is lying about the inflation rate.

Puke bowl!

I still cherish my chinese carved ivory bowl I bought in Vietnam in 1968. If it could only talk.

Some of these "buyers" are just buying to sell for profit.Many use auctions as their main source of inventory.

The purchaser didn't hear the Pope's message about helping the poor by filling their bowls. An empty bowl that is never used will be the price they pay trying to get into Heaven.

Oh, and then put it through the dishwasher...

Yahoo, please show us the picture of the person who paid that much money for a $3 bowl....

Wonder if it says "made in china"  on the bottom.

Wow wish I had such luck.

Please take down the simpleton picture of the new pope. Im getting the creeps every time i log on and see that survey on the right.That's a beautiful piece but that's a lot of dough for such a small, simple piece.

Just looks like a plain old white bowl to me!

That totally bowl'd me over.

The Brits are notorious for looting valuable ancient artifacts from everyone else. If you visit the British Museum, you will see that they actually looted a whole roof of an ancient Greek temple. And they claim it was done in the name of culture and civilization. Go figure.

Pretty sure I saw the same bowl at Dollar General for $2.00

Pfft Thats nothing, I bought a lottery ticket today for $2, could be worth 215 million.  Kidding aside, great story.

That old bowl does serve a good purpose and that is you take it to a crowded street begging for change.

" Whadya think 5 bucks for this bowl?"  "Nah, we need to get rid of this junk, Put 3 bucks on it."

Newsworthy but not picture worthy. . .

Does Yahoo require a bid to see a picture?Looks like something Dave found in a storage locker on Storage Wars - Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuppppppppppppppppp

I make one of those every day when taking a good, healthy, long dump.

now that's a little much for buying a cereal bowl

Gross!!! Oh, wait, I thought it was an ancient bowel.

Looks like a set of bowls we had when I was growing up.

I still say that it is only worth $3.00

Held up pretty good for being a1000 years old.

How great would it be to have enough money to buy that bowl then eat a heaping bowl of Captain Crunch in it the next morning!

The bowl was made for the chinese by Korean slaves!!! Even in a thousand years, THEY STILL CAN'T DESIGN AND MAKE THEIR OWN ORIGINAL IDEAS!!!

COOL I HAVE A SET OF THOSE FROM HOWARD JOHNSONActually, the bowl was made in China over a thousand years ago because the Indians living in this hemisphere moved the parent company offshore because of high taxes, unions, rules and regulations imposed by their leader, Chief Golfor, and business stifling environmental rules setup by Chief Algor. They had to move off shore to stay in business.

I wonder what Obama's bong will sell for someday?

About the right size for my Cap'n Crunch.  I would have probably broken it and tossed it in the trash years ago.

The bottom of it said "Made in America".  Very rare indeed.

The wife picked up a few of these the other day at thrift store.

The bowl was sold 1000 years ago for $3.

Since it had some chips in it I would have sold it for teh same price te buyer originally paid for it... But it pays to discover what you paid for... Nice resale!

Price bowled me over  WHOA

I heard they found a bong with it

This is what's wrong in the world today. Why not buy medical equipment for hospitals or put food on the tables of the truly needy instead of paying 2.25ml for a piece of mud? Too many people have more dollars than sense.My nephew just broke my bowl which look identical to this.

That's the interest we pay the Chinese on the debt they own of ours.

I wouldn't pay 50 cents for that thing..much less a few million. He can have it!

the bowl has magical powers

Did it have "Made in China" on the bottom?

It's really cool looking too!

If its anything like the chinese make now its a piece of chit!!

The Spirit with that bowl is the what intrigues me.

thats a lot for something made in china!!!

Wait a minute,, wait a minute,,, i just bought 12 of these at walmart!!!!!!If it was me,I would have paid 3 million,had it appraised,and would have gotten 3 dollars for it!.-.-

I guess no one will be eating rice out of that bowl.

I have an authentic 1996 blue plastic goblet, handmade by Dixie. $100 and it's yours, out the door, right now, no questions asked.

I use to collect and sell chinese works of ceramic art. I can just imagine what some of the pieces I had sold are worth today!

I BOUGHT THE SAMETHING AT WAL-MART

Why?  Does it have the DNA of a great golden age emperor whose had his hair or blood baked into it, and they hope to clone him to rule China once again?  Seriously, why would you pay millions of dollars for something like that?  I bet some guy puts it on display on a shelf, and some in-laws come to visit and use it to feed their dog out of.  "I said it was worth over two million dollars!" he screams.  "We assumed you were joking!  Look at thing, who would pay that much money something like that?  Besides, our doggy needs something to drink out of."

yea  good for you ... pssh

damn!! lucky as hell

GOPimping the G'$ oversea to the riChinamen with little #$%$ and BiG bank account.

...thats the bowl my mom use to cut my hair withwas it filled with opium?

Will probably use it for bird drop soup.

I'm gonna pop some tags.

Someone, for once, got a real good from China instead of a fake

Compared to the junk that comes out of China nowadays, this is probably a bargain!