The UN's concern is they are not making any money from it.

With all that is going on in the world, one would think the U.N would have  much better things to do. Than to try and interfear with free trade. Like Lebanon, Syria, Iran, and so on.

The UN should spend more time addressing North Korea and Syria before wasting time on someones smoke break.

Sh**! Free adults exercising freedom in a free country?! Somebody get Bloomberg on the Bat (sh** crazy) phone!

Excuse me U.N., are you going to speak out against nightclubs and bars that are open day and night that sell alcohol? If not, pipe down (no pun intended).

One thing I have learned, if the government is against something, its not because they care about you. There is another angle to getting people off of nicotine.

Every where is freaks and hairys dikes and faries tell me where is sanity.  Tax the rich to feed the poor until there is no rich no more.   Tell me where is sanity?   I'd love to change the world but I don't know what to do.    So I leave it up to you.

When every child has a PAIR of flip-flops and clean drinking water, then the UN can butt in on other minor problems. Get the US out of the UN, and the UN out of the US!

Where's Bloomberg?

What exactly has WHO accomplished anyway?  They are like a politicians, point out problems but don't solve a dang thing.Tobacco is such a terrible product, the U.N. should encourage the Philippines to grow marijuana or poppies as an alternate staple crop, right?!  Notice how much easier it is to go after the poor law abiding citizens of a country who are only trying to make a living than it is to go after the drug lords of Asia and South America.  People are dieing every day because of the drugs that permeate all our societies all over the world.  And who does the U.N. go after?

People are so niave. When the US started placing restrictions on Cigs  it cost us BILLIONS in tax money that usually paid for the programs we have. Not only that, Farmers are being PAID Not To Grow Tobacco so we take a double whammy. The government has way, Way too much control over the people and all those restrictions cost us Billions each year. Some say smoking is dangerous. BS! The Marlboro man lived to be 86, My dad smoked 3 packs a day and died of prostate cancer. Don't believe the hype.... Millions still smoke, but the government controls the price!

UN is also up-in-arms against Amsterdam for allowing them to freely toke MJ!  Ooops, I guess when it's a so-called "developed" country, they get a pass.

maybe they might focus on the treatment of women in North Africa and the middle-east first ,,,,,,

Outlaw tobacco and alcohol if you're that concerned, but that would put every member Nations of the UN at fault.

The Phillipine government is looking to decrease their old age pension expenses.  Who are we to criticize?

What the hell is the UN running their mouth about on subjects that don't concern them. We shouuld drop out and kick them out and see how much they run their mouths when they are in a foreign country that won't put up with their BS

The UN is worried about the children of The Philippines smoking...meanwhile the same kids drive motorcycles in horrible pollution to dirty jobs and long hours to help their families eat every day. Get your priorities straight.

The UN (United Nitwits) just has to impose their liberal agenda on the world.  Since when did the UN become a world government?  It was created to allow a venue to discuss issues that may lead to wars but they have evolved into an entity that wants to impose a world tax to finance their liberal goals.Get rid of the UN.

Maybe we could send Bloomberg to the Philippines to solve their problems.The number of American's who smoke is declining, as the educated learn of it's nasty and unhealthy consequences. It is now time for the tobacco companies to look elsewhere for more uneducated, and gullible consumers to hook with this noxious weed. The tobacco companies will now exploit Asia and other third would countries in the name of profit.

The UN needs to put more focus on human rights and repressive dictatorships than smoking cigarettes. If you have ever been to Manila and seen the squalid conditions that people live in you'd encourage them to build any industry that lifts them from that terrible poverty. Nobody would dispute that tobacco is bad for you but it pays well and people want to buy it. If it's an alternative to someone trying to survive by picking through garbage trying to find a meal I say go for it. It's not a perfect world and we shouldn't get wrapped up in moralistic outrage because people in a third world nation trying to survive won't accept or comply with our outrage.

i think that the un has outreached it's authority in a lot of places and should be disbanded...this is going to be the tool for the new world order and it's existence banned.

That is where the major tobacco industries set up farms once the U.S. banned ads and other tobacco related activities.  Asian was a rip market to sell death on a global scale with at least 3.0 billions potential customers.

Yes, UN, please stop a local economy from providing food and necessaties while you impose your ideas, allowing pollution to kill more than tobacco!

Doesnt the UN have better things to do??

Cigarettes killed my Uncle Joe ..he knew someday they'd get'm..he bent down in the street to pick one up...an'a Bus came by an hit'm.

UN should fight the drug cartels not the people peacefully attending a convention of something that is always legal.

Why is the Philippines being frowned upon for selling tobacco by countries that hold annual Arms Trade Expo - selling AK47, missiles etc and countries that legalized smoking marijuana?

Who the F is the UN to worry about such things? The UN needs to worry about Iran and N Korea and not worry about what we smoke ~!!What business is it of the United Nations?  Please people don't blame this ALL on the United States.  The UNITED NATIONS are the ones who is trying to rule the world.  The USA just follows along, hoping they will be one of the leaders of the New World Order.  What a joke!

...but the sex trade in the Philippines is OK?

Yes, more tax and want for more smokers here. more pockets money for the elected holy ones

Cigarettes kill great numbers of people--for example, in the US it is much greater than auto accidents, AIDS and war casualties combined.  While I normally tend toward a libertarian outlook, this is one issue that needs to be addressed aggressively.  I believe that tobacco executives that try to entice young people to smoke have lower moral standards than most of the terrorists and politicians.

theUN should shut down!!!

Pera-pera lng. New tobacco tax law was to  reduce smoking in the PH and now we have this?

Ya wanna smoke, so what, light em if ya got em, the UN should shut their mouths, what a worthless organization.

What ever happend to candy cigarettes?

Philip Morris is who Mike Wallace did comercials for.

Living in the Philippines I see a large percentage of Filipinos smoking. In the good old USA a pack of smokes costs $8.00 or more, while in the Philippines you pay somewhere around $2.00 a pack.The Philippines doesn`t have to encourage smoking, because the large percentage of smokers are poor, and the large percent of the country is poor. They smoke because they enjoy it and do not want WHO or the government telling them not to smoke.f the un

"MANILA, Philippines (AP) -- The World Health Organization expressed concern Tuesday that the Philippines is encouraging smoking by hosting one of the world's largest tobacco trade shows, where city authorities lifted an indoor smoking ban for participants. "It's all about money as usual.

The UN needs to mind it's own business.  We need to kick the UN out of NY.

The UN is concerned only because the tobacco lobby finally realized the UN is just bunch of guys having a good time at our expense and they do nothing, so they quit sending them their bags of cash.

Is anything good on TV tonight?

I oncet had a little phillipino gal smoke my rod she done a smokin good job to and came back for more.

COME TO MANILA AND GET LUNG CANCER....however, if you smoke weed in Manila they lock you up for 40 years.....neanderthals

Who's economy is Pnoy referring too?  Of course not the whole Philippines.  If you look at the Philippines as a whole Manila is the only one that's always benefiting.  The rest of the Philippines continues to struggle.  Since Marcos being ousted back in the early 80s nothing really has change.  Even Pnoy's mother became the President Philippines continues to be known as corrupt country and does not provide any assistance to its poor masses.  Only the elitist that benefit from any of this things.

Filipinos haven't made the connection between over-breeding and poverty.  So why would anyone think they know about the dangers of tobacco?  They make wonderful domestics and the men can work at simple tasks for long hours in the hot sun. But that $10 a day doesn't go far when you have 13 children and 4 of your daughters are pregnant.

Seriously? I'm not a big fan of smoking but..really. Doesn't the UN have bigger problems to solve? Eradicating AIDS, malaria, drought, female circumsision, human trafficking, genocide, the muslims who want to take over southern philippines...etc?phillip morris  ay you to grow tobaco,# 1 crop behind grass!

yosi kadiri!

It is none of the UN's damn business.!!!!

None of the UNs business how many smoke, and if they promote tobacco in the Pinas. Was this why the UN was formed.. to be a worldwide mayor Bloomberg ?  Keep the peace, and other than that.. MYOB

good thing they fixed all the wars and can start on real problems

Tobacco was always meant to be chewed, not set of fire.

I thought cigarette smoking is just being banned from some places and allowed in designated areas and not totally ban it. I used to smoke profusely and I can see its downsides and its imagined advantages. Its an industry, that means lots of people depend on it for a living.

It says,"Last year, former Philippine finance and health secretaries criticized a similar event, but Aquino had sent a welcome note, saying the trade show benefited the economy."President Aquino smokes himself. It is foolish to expect him to forbid something which he himself sponsors. He is addicted to smoking and can't quit but at least he should think about the millions who will die of smoking.Smoking is a killer and should be banned by every health conscious individual whether it is beneficial for the economy or not. Life is not worth losing just to help the economy.

My Lord the Philippines is so poor smokeing isnt the problem. Yes its bad but I think malnutrition and lack of  health care and education and a very corrupt goverment is what they face everyday. I say light them up boys. After you can go back to a life of poverty.

has the UN ever helped anyone ever ? what are they good for ?WTH UN! Just let all the smokers come to World Trade and have them smoke all they want. Just remove any ventilation so they can still inhale all their smoke and have a grand day smoking!

well hey big tobacco firms need to make money!  why do the Filipinos care?  Have you seen the smoke from busses and jeepneys in the metropolis?  Tobacco is the least concern amongst the natives, most will be happy to just die!

UN's WHO saw smoke coming out of the Filipinos' mouth and they said it is bad, and started to  pretend they care. But they ignored the decades problem of smoke belching transportation. Why? Oil is being imported from other member countries while cigarettes are made locally. UN is always one sided, It is high noon to abolish the UN like the League of Nations when it did not work. UN is not working, are they part of world corruption, I do not know. I suggest to use WON; Word of Nations

UN you want more people to go unemployed? Think. Useless.

all thumbs down will be from smokers

Its Time that Other Business Options be Explored that are Not Harmful to the Generation and Good for Businesses at the same time.

ang news naman ni Mel Chiongco at Aman Cludio sa GMA News ay mali mali...ang Pilipinas daw ang mag hohost ng Marijuana Fair....ano ba yan.....

I have nothing against smokers sucking death into their lungs:just don't exhale for the people around you.

Smokers think its their right to pollute our lungs......go home and blow it in your children's face....Ask them if it's O.K. to add premature death to their dowry?

someone i love use to be a heavy smoker. i watch him suffer all the way to the end. i miss him today very much. don't need smoke around children or anyone. especially at the hospitals and places to eat. i remember even i saw tv few years back superman wife died of second hand smoke as well.I think marijuana would be better coz it has medicinal value unlike tobacco, so lets start planting grass...

If the Philippines is to progress--it can't be chicken-hearted on these issues. The vast majority of smokers in the Philippines are the poverty people--the ones who can't send their children to school nor feed them nor can they afford their health care

It's because Pnoy is a chain smoker himself and refuses to quit.

there are many countries that smoke in public. when i had traveled in the past and had to go to th emergency room at the hospital when i got sick i saw people waiting outside blowing smoke in everybody face . it was the same way when i went shopping at the malls. go somewhere else and smoke. why smoke in front door. these countries should be shame of themselves.