A few years ago I read a book by a purported victim of the crackdown following Iran's last presidential election. It made a vivid impression. It described how many young Iranians felt so incredibly optimistic that Mousavi would be elected over Ahmenijad; they knew the regime would fight tooth and nail for their hand picked choice, but the youth or Iran and many disenfranchised voters just felt certain that the turnout would be so huge, the results so heavily in Mousavi's favor that the clerical regime would have no choice but to accept it.  After casting his vote he returned home and was berated by his father who told him "the monkey (Ahmenijad) is going to win, they'll rig the vote."  He scoffed until he got a phone call from a fellow organizer saying that the results were coming in heavily in Ahmenijad's favor.  He immediately ran to the nearest Mousavi campaign headquarters, where he saw the Republican Guard already mobilized and telling Mousavi supporters the election was over and to go home.  The personal devastation of such an injustice cannot be imagined.

SO MUCH FOR AN EXCHANGE OF IDEAS

anyone see the problem herethey are having an election that is "swayed" by a clericwhy even have the election

This article tells everything but when the elections are being held.

No one in Iran today can become president without Khamenei's approval.  In reality then, voting is simply a drill in futility.  Surely Iranians understand this as well.

لعنت الهی بر ملاهای مکار - درود بر ایران و ایرانی  Down with the Mullahs and their blood thirsty regime

In an american election its dumb vs dumber in an iranian election it is mean vs meaner.

What is there to be afraid of from this old stink pot? Looks like and elder for Z-Z Top.

Election in Iran is choice between bad or worse, because all the candidates must be approved first by the supreme leader ( Khameneie ) so no chance for reformists.

It is such a magical place.

We have seperation of church and state. In Iran the church is the state.The meer fact that hkahmen---kohmen---khomena-- . the ayatollah has to bolster his power like this is a clear indication that he's loosing his grip .(???  be praised ) and the wheels on the bus go round and round . People allways endlessly trying to impose their will on other people . It almost always ends badly . So what the hell is the attraction ??

Time for the clerics to do what they do best.. Religion.. Leave the politics to the politicians and clerics back out altogether... The clerics have no reason to be in politics...

The problem with Iran's supreme leader is the love of power and not the power of love.

I think Ahmadinejad is pulling a Putin.

What a joke. The outcome has already been determined. Slaves have no choice there and they are slaves as sure as they were 2000 years ago.

Election,!!!! What election ????

"Khamenei mobilizes loyalists to swing Iran's election"---Headline. Isn't that what we call "corruption on earth," a charge punishable by death in Iran?

Any Iranian who votes for these yahoos gets what they deserve.

This'll be one to watch. I'm sensing somebody's feathers may get a bit ruffled.

The fix is already in and the citizens know it. All that's left to do is blame the west for interfering or for not interfering whichever serves their purpose.When I look at Iran today, I can't help but wonder how things might have been if US Cold War policy had been a bit smarter and more patient.  What if Eisenhower had decided to use carrots instead of sticks to try to limit Soviet influence in the Middle East?  When things might have been like if, when Mossadegh kicked the British interests out of Iran, Eisenhower had approached him with an offer: "If the Brits don't want your oil we Americans will be happy to have it!"  Iran might have been a functioning, constitutional monarchy, as well as a staunch ally of the USA and even Israel, to this very day.

Politics &amp; Politicians - They make it so easy to hate them..

What is his future looking like since he hugged that woman?

The religion of peace, terrorizing its own people.

Iranian elections are a JOKE.

Really, why?  Aren't all Iranians in support of the regime?  Got an Answer BHO?

Elections? How can a terrorist dictatorship have elections?

Of the few Iranians I've had the opportunity to speak with just before the election, Amadamnutjob clearly was not a favorite of either. One intellectual friend of mine in Tehran informed me Iranians felt they were cheated. Thousands protested, and people were killed for having a voice. Opposition members were jailed and are still jailed. It's no wonder Amadamnutjob tried to kiss Ayatollah Ali Khamenei hand after the election, he'd grown more accustomed to kissing his #$%$. And you have to admit- the title "Supreme Leader" does indicate "Dictatorship".

Its getting time for a Persian Spring. Younger intelligent Iranians sooner or later are going to want some changes made especially the Shiites.

Ahmadinejad.....He is doneToo controversial for the old powers in Iran.Get this piece of #$%$ Khameneie out of our sight

think of his naked old wrinkles squatting over a poop hole making choices ..

It's time for our TV to tell us Americans our history in Iran. It's well know the Shaw was our puppet, few know the Ayatollah Khomeini was the CIAs idea that back fired. 1985 I was told the name of the person who pushed for the Ayatollah. Time for the History channel to tell all of us.

Dirty politics everywhere!

It is rather humerous that you have a president of a country elected by the people, but there is a religious oversight committee that has the ultimate power, how ridiculous.

Who are his loyalists, ACORN?

Outlook for the future is rain of ignorance followed by blustery paranoia

Khamenei was born to a prostitut and a basiji, kose madare mojtaba khamenei

In the USA we also experience the power of one party that controls the media, and thus the election process.  Are we far removed from Iran?

"Khamenei loyalists accuse Mashaie of inspiring a 'deviant' trend that favors strong nationalism over clerical rule"..In America we call these CONSERVATIVES....."No one in Iran today can become president without his approval,"Nice "elections".

Put away the sword, the threat of arrest,torture and death. THEN we will see if Allah is god and Mohammed his prophet. OR???????

close enough, Charles.

When spellcheck goes bad.....

Just as kooky as Israel's religious zealots.

C'mon Khamenei, just let all the candidates run and have a fair and free election. God's will will be done. Or has your will become more important than God's will?

Khamenei loyalists accuse Mashaie of inspiring a 'deviant' trend that favors strong nationalism over clerical rule.Khamenei has a lot in common with the tea party

Iran you have no good choices its like the republicsums with the Twit or Rick Santournous.

why do they even have elections if khomeni is going to choose the political leaders?

In the pic abovewith this hand i wipe my but, and don't use TPall of you must smell it to prove your loyalty.So why hold a vote if even when you win the election, if you aren't approved by the cleric, you still lose??

Did anyone proofread this text before publishing?"Venality" for Vela, "Mailbag" for Qalibaf, some weird "principality's"... Hopeless.

Iran has the true better muslims

Persian Student's Rule!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Iran seems to have a political system much like we here in the US.  Two factions, bad and worse.

No choice to lean side for either one of them, both used their authority to deceive their own people.

Its a miracle that there is even an election at all in such an autocratic nation like Iran.Did Iran learn from the US and the Western Nations and accepted the ideals ofdemocracy that regrettably even the SECOND largest economy of the world,Chinadoes not even practise.

Don't they all deserve one another?

Fricking wack US policy, Iran can't build nukes if they want to but NK can build them, talk #$%$ and threaten us too.

If and only if the US had showned its resolve thirty years ago!Should we presuppose that all will be great with Iran if only we get a new Puppet?????

So who won the Saudi Arabian elections ?

Corrction the title should read Ali Khamnei mobilize loyalists to steal another election.  One beef I have with Obama is a few years ago when Ahamenejad stole the election over Mousavi and young Iranians were protesting, Brack Obama let the "Persian Spring" die and he allowed the hardliers like Ahmadnejad, Khamnei and company to stay in power.

I'm the Supreme Commander of The World

Iranian majority are fooled by the Opium addicted Supreme leader. Once again they are trying to fool people by creating motivation for election. Ahmadinejad is the agent to create the motivation as he is in opposition now, and people go vote for his ally "Mashae" and the election would be rigged to the benefit of what the supreme leader wants. This is how they have been fooling Iranians for the past 15 years.

I would love to see a RED dot on his forehead while waving. May be one day in my life time......

Khamenei plays with himself

democracy, Iranian style!!

#$%$  TATERS SUCK

Supreme Leader, isn't that what Jim Jones and Marshall Applewhite were?sounds like our gov.

Kahmenei is a long time heroin addict and homosexual pedophile.

Argo #$%$ you!

US "elects" governments in Most countries in Middle east and Northern Africa.Just elected a Texan as PM of Syria.DEMOCRACY at work,  TRUE and PURE.Government by Americans, for Americans, OF Americans.Iranians are stupid holding elections - US will soon be there doing the "electing"

US's rulers, keen to avert any repeat of the mass protests and violence that shook the US after the 2008 poll, were careful to ensure that only obedient candidates pass the vetting process.

it is my humble opinion that iran should keep it's political system exactly the way it is. the world needs that balancing of power. in fact, i think you should give the current guy a new round.

So I guess these 2 terrorists will end up assassinating each other......A win, win situation for the WEST :)

funny in reality George Bush help the fellow win, he strengthened the hardliners with his speeches and policy.  He also "gave Iraq to Iran on a gold platter" if I remember my Wiki leaks...quotes.jk

You know the Clerics are power hungry when they are trying to put down nationalism.

khomeni needs to get closer to the X dictator in Venezuela.sorry, but editors are not earning their paychecks on this one. pathetic. this piece is riddled with errors

This is the government Obama supports. What do I base this comment on? He doesn't interfere in their "Persian Spring", provides them with drone technology and has held off Israel's attack so they can get a nuclear bomb. He continues to support weak sanctions while giving them the time to enrich their uranium. Sanctions didn't work against North Korea from getting a bomb, and neither will it stop the Persians. Obama knows this.

The problem with all these posts is that no one can conceive of the thought that Ahmadinejad did win the election because the majority of Iranians live outside of big cities and are very religious. The West and reformers hate to believe that the people support the Leader but many do.  We need to work with the leadership and respect their system.  That is the only way we can get to agree to some of our concerns.

Put Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and all Iranian Clerics on camels and send them to the desert, this way they can meet Mohammad and PEACE to the middle east.

It is same everywhere, we only got 2 party (both the same) in US, and god forbid if any one from left or right try to interrupt the NORM!! they are tea bagers &amp; occupiers.LOL

A titanic battle between two tempests in a teapot.   Or some other denigrating and awkward metaphor.

how many more iran 'news' are you going to publish ?

It doesn't matter who is power; the culture needs to change...and THAT is not easy.

We have a similar vetting process here in the USA to make sure no candidate who might rock the boat makes it to the general election:  it's called the 2 party system, where the Democrats, Republicans and their corporate backers (in the mass media, especially) collude, subject of course, to AIPAC approval.

Us must get reed of this Sneks long time agoThanks to the recent so called progress in Almaty, and the ensuing economic easement in Iran. These tyrants have more reason to demand people's vote. The Rial in Iran just went from 5kRials to 1$, to 3kRials to 1$. I'm sorry Ali the plumber is finding it hard to make ends meet, but the games the west plays are not really productive either. #$%$??

Don't cha just love the religion of peace and all the opportunities ot offers you, if you kiss the bubba's backside.

So, stupid Yahoo: You finally admit neither Ahmadinejad nor Khamenei is a dictator! When are you going to apologize for all your previous lies?  Who knows how many other lies are u serving to every sheepple?

dirty muslim slugs

Why bother having elections if Khamenei keeps sticking his nose in to tilt the vote to who he wants elected. Thats not an free and open election.

When religion comes up against politics-political tactics always win.

The power as yet is with Khamenai he has the support of the Sepah and the army along with people living in 65.000 villages of Iran plus the hard core Islamists' who can tilt power ... they are the real king makers in present Iranian politics ... Ghalibaf has more chance of becoming the next president - his' a Pilot, former Sepah and present mayor of Tehran ... which has the support of the above and the parliment.

I like Dr Ahmadinejad, he is an Iranian patriot with courage .

Sounds like they're taking lessons from Premier Obama and his Chicago Mob. Win at all costs and don't let a little truth get in the way of winning.

Iran has election competition. How about US friends like Saudi and Gulf Arabs?Iran, like the US, and unlike the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, Canada, imposes term limits on its leader. Which is 'democracy'?

Shame on Reuters for misspelling so many names of Iran's politicians in this article.Reuters is very good western propaganda machine.

Iranian democracy is far better than fake democracy in USA.

Actually, Tehran mayor Qalibaf would be an excellent choice.

It is time US and its allies manipulate elections in Iran like they do it in other third world countries.

At least Amadineejad is more transparent then Obama. He may be somewhat crazy but he does not hide anything. He told us the truth about nukes being used or peacful purposes and informed everyone that there are no gays or lesbians in Iran.

Ahmadinejad is the best president Iran ever had.

American Analysis: We did everything we could to make the average Iranians sufferand arouse dissatisfaction among them. Under the pretext of the nuclear activitieswe imposed on them the most severe sanctions ever.We organized tens Persian speaking satellite TV channels to brainwash theIranians. We have done everything we could to prepare the situation for a full scale unrest.Iran's next presidential election is the last opportunity to ignite a civil unrest and turn Iran into another Syria.We are going to get them into the streets and then kill a few of them and blame iton the regime and this way we can stir up a movement against the authorities tofinally get rid of a self-sufficient independent country who doesn't take ordersfrom any superpower.Iran: Kid, Stop making the offensive noise. Go play somewhere else. lol

"Khamenei mobilizes loyalists to swing Iran's election"Just shoot, jail, terrorize, and execute regime's opponents like last time and it doesn't matter if Khamenei chooses his monkey to run, they can't lose a rigged election.