The writer has obviously NOT been to Colorado in the last fifteen years . The place is closer to Little California than they think .....and more " ideologically friendly " than it would have been before being Californicated , too .

Soon to be a defeat for all politicians involved in the gun control legislation.

Colorado is being run by Bloomberger.  Soon it will be like its CA cousin.

Colorado has become a haven for San Franciscans that couldn't take it after the World Series Earthquake. Tragic to see such a great state destroyed by the liberal agenda. Next to go will be the ski resorts.

Colorado is becoming another California.

Don't be surprised if the Colorado state legislature goes red next go round.  Governator too.

"Victory" ? Hmmm if the concept is losing all over the country and only passes in Colo isn't that a 'failure' for them ?... I mean even the libturds would say that (as they did with the last election..)

And those who voted this junk into law will be unemployed in the next election.

Hickenlooper with another blooper.  This knee jerk governor is an idiot that does not understand that he is enabling criminals while disabling law abiding citizens.

Havn't heard anything about improving the Economy and Jobs. Both parties still support Nafta and are still responsible for all our good jobs moving over seas. Both parties agree to belong to the UN and allow the US to become a police state. It looks like all a president can do is stir up trouble with social issues. It's called positional barganing. The Repubs have a position and the Dems have a position and neither one will find out what the underlying needs are for each party. Instead they hold their position and you can't get to a yes on negotiating anything.CO has joined IL, CA, NY, CT, MA, RI, NJ and MI in states I will never move to.

Well, we'll see what happens to these idiot politicians, come next election in Colorado. I've got a feeling they may have to clean out heir desks. Hope so.

"We are the party of choice" say the dems, unless you choose to own a gun, not to join a union, not to buy health insurance... this list could go on for pages

they call it a victory ,i call it a loss of a good hunting state. i and my friends will not be back.hello new mexico and wyoming.

These gun control bills will not prevent crime. Not only that, if states are not careful in passing some of these laws, they may be committing Constitutional suicide, thus negating what they wish to accomplish--that is to grab the guns!

We can declare victory in our time. Wow, this will solve everything and the sun will shine, the birds will be singing the skies will be blue, and violence will end. What a pipe dream that addresses very little. A lot of "do good - feel good" drivel that will accomplish nothing. Thecrazies are still out there (read the paper each day) and what this may do is create morevictims of those crazies. That evil clown kid in Ohio that was sentenced today was looking forward to never getting out of jail. This legislation will stop loons like that, right? Sorry, but you meet terror head on if you have to. This burying our heads in the sand with more symboli gestures like these laws is silly. The human heart is where the evil is. The gun and its magazine is just a tool, an inanimate object with no brain of its own. It does not decide to go into a mall and blaze away. You have to enforce the laws there already. You have to guarantee the Second Amendment, you have to, yes, keep the weapons out of the hands of the loons, but stepping on the masses to punish the few is wrong (and typically American). We have to grow up and use reason and common sense. Too bad American culture lacks both of these.

It's not a "win"It's a loss.They just don't know it yet.

"ideologically friendly"  Code for liberals trying to take over the country in every way possible.

Good title, "Victory for gun control backers." Those are the only winners...well maybe criminals, too. Do they realize that Adam Lanza murdered his mother to get the guns? Let's see, murder is against the law, too. So, how are all those laws working out? We are moving steadily toward insanity and autocracy.

As someone who has lived my entire life in Colorado and despite never owning a gun I am embarrassed at our state government.Colorado, I'll keep my guns thank you, and y'all can keep raising 4 year old boys like their girls. Mozeltov

Time to boycott all things Colorado.

I can ski or hunt elsewhere and so can everybody else. Let these Californians-in-exile enjoy their new state going broke also. "I can ski or hunt elsewhere" that will make a very fine bumper sticker.

Colorado, the cutting-edge legal experts that they are, passed a ban on a Constitutional right, and made illegal drugs legal for recreational use.  Congrats for exposing your citizens to the massive costs you will pay defending this one in the courts.

2014 Elections = Disaster for Democrats

CO. THE LIBERTARD STATE, many will lv it.

I believe that they might find it a hollow victory.

Colorado has become an embarrassment

Just think how much better off Colorado would be if the gov. would spend it's time working on the economy, instead of worrying about stripping peoples rights. regulating guns will solve nothing.working on economy will work wonders.

Twenty five years ago there were signs on private property along I70 saying Don't Californicate Colorado. They were prophetic.Apparently the second amendment doesn't mean chit to anybody anymore.  It is written plain and simple with the very last line saying "WILL NOT BE INFRINGED UPON"  What part of that line alone don't people understand????????

Yep, and next election they will be sorry as they are standing in the unemployment line....

Because so many criminals will obey the new laws rather than the old ones. Duh - i thought our Government was suppose to speak for us, not against us.

the colorado commies won't think this is such a victory next election .

And the cost of that "victory" will be dems losing legislature in 2014 and governorship in 2016 and quite possibly congressional seats also, even the ones smart enough to vote against gun control will suffer guilt by association. All that for something that has been shown that it does not work in places like Chicago, DC and Cali who have gun control but  have terrible gun violence numbers.

CO. in a state where you have wild dangerous ANIMALS, this is an INSULT TO ALL GUN OWNERS THERE. HICKENSTUPID THE LIBERTARD GOVERNOR.

boycott colorado,and vote these gungrabbers out

Americans are placing their health,  lives, and welfare completely in the hands of democratic leaders. If they are robbed, attacked, or raped, they will call somebody with a gun after the fact.

It is only a "victory" because the media, purveyors of make believe, present it that way.  As to the new laws, either Colorado's or New York's, I'll simply ignore them.  "Assault weapons"? I have three.  "High capacity magazines"?  I have enough.  Ammunition?  Nothing to worry about there.  So the liberals can have their laws.  Their media can proclaim "victory".  I still have my stuff, so...

It's a lesser victory than the NY SAFE ACT that is being challenged in the courts. All of Upstate NY is against it with law enforcement agencies saying that it is a bad law.The Libs are losing on gun control and it will cost them dearly in the Congressional elections.The American people are beginning to see through them not only on gun control but the federal deficit also.These newly passed Colorado laws will not be enforced because they are so ridiculous that they are NOT ENFORCEABLE !  The Common Sense Sheriff's will sue the governor and the state and will PREVAIL !  These No Common Sense Laws that were passed by these Knee Jerking, Feel Good Liberals will just be a waste of everybody's time in Colorado.  They have succeeded in Ending their political future in 2014 !

it will cost them dearly

Dear Criminals,If you are for a easy target please consider the state of Colorado.  We have high income families who are practically defenseless.Warm regards,Joh Hickenlooper

amazing how the libs migrate from one failed state (CA) and immediately start creating a new failed state wherever they land.   parasites....

Time to go to litigation.  The next time an individual is killed, or hurt, because s/he didn/t have a gun--or "enough" gun--to defend themself, sue every legislator that voted for this, and every lobbyist who supported it, and everyone who enabled it.

the voters will correct the problem or they can blame themselves

Call it a victory but we will see if gun owners give up their guns and magazines. When they do then you can call it a victory......till then.....

Let's see how successful they were in the next election.

Not for long. I am voting against any and all lilly livers that helped push this stupid law through.

SANDY HOOK HOAX LOOK IT UPI expect all left wing supporters to turn in all their guns within the next week.

they will not vote on Jessicas law they will allow legalized pot they will allow gay marriage but they will not allow the most basic right of self defense?

I will not visit Colorado or order anything from a business there online,hit them in there wallets

Read the third amendment. That's the reason we have what we have

Colorado - one of few TRAGEDIES in the eyes of Freedom-loving Americans.

Can't wait until the next election!!!  If you have Incumbent by your name, I'd recommend you find some way to change it or remove it...cause as far as I'm concerned, your political career is coming to a close!!!

CO GUNXTROL? People like Mark Glaze, director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns are attempting to steal the will of "We the People," by forcing gun control legislation without referendum or the vote of all Colorado citizens for their unknown political motivations while attempting to scuttle the US Constitution?

WHEN GUNS ARE OUTLAWED, ONLY THE OUTLAWS WILL HAVE GUNS.  WHAT PART OF THIS STATEMENT DON'T YOU LIBERALS UNDERSTAND?  When the bad guys come kickin in your door, throw a spoon at em and tell them to not beat and rape you, you have to call the police first.  HItler had gun control, REMEMBER?

OK ONE MORE TIME.... even though I WONT get an answer to the question once again. We keep hearing this paranoid nonsense from many of you people about taking your guns away in Colorado. WHAT SPECIFIC WEAPON is being taken out the hands of ANY Law Biding non insane Colorado Resident by this legislation. WHAT WEAPON will I not be able to buy on July 1 2013 when this legislation goes into effect that I can buy TODAY?One example might be nice.

Hickenlooper.  Doesn't penicllin cure that?How is this a victory when Sheriffs from some of the biggest counties are saying they won't enforce it? Better look more closely at that Sandy Hook B.S. There is News footage of the cops pulling the AR out of the trunk of a car, and some "Parents" who are laughing before a press conference the day after their child has been slain. I'm not going to say for sure 100%that it didn't happen, but right now there is tons of evidence that needs to be looked at and addressed.

May these MFSOB'S rot in hell, useful idiots . may they be the first executed when the dear leader takes over and turns us into a communist nation.   I will die free so probably won't be here to see them get their just reward !!

Colorado needs a recall election for the governors seat!

So they want everyone smoking pot but not owning guns. Seems like an influx of flakes to me. Note to self.....do not consider CO as a retirement home,,, not that self ever did.

Maybe time to vote out the Democrats, they took a oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United Sates of America. Voters its time to replace this  UN-Americans.

Funny how no one wants to say it: the Second Amendment was written to protect the American citizen from external threats and internal.  Our Founding Fathers were very sensitive to the idea of overthrowing an unjust government.

Yep the people don't matter. Powerhungry liberal sissies. And please stop bringing up newtown it's getting old. All of them are are treasonous old out of date typical politicians.  Vote. Them. Out Colorado!

What victory? The police said they won't enforce the new law, so you egg sucking liberals still lost!

Well... there will be a lot more gun arrests (of honest citizens with "overcapacity" magazines)...  But I bet they still wont prosecute the felons who try to buy (or in possession) or the million and one laws they already have on the books (that they don't enforce)....  but have a magazine that you can FORCE 11 rounds into (I'll tell you one...  High Std. HD military .22 pistol).  And... they no longer make mags for them (and hundreds of other guns)...  so... you just throw away the gun because you cant find an "undercapacity" magazine???????????????????

Ben takes our money and the Dems take our guns, What will they come after next?I fled Kali in 2004 because of both its stupid gun laws and the moronic politicians. I knew Arnie was a RINO and voted for McClintock before leaving.

Colorado is the new Kolorado.

Do not purchase items from Co. Do not vacation there, and drive around the state when possible! Magpul will get their moving expenses reimbursed, how cool is that!

Did they come up with all this before or after they smoked that a joint?

Some things have simply not changed. Those regimes seeking to assert and maintain absolute control over the citizenry will always try to disarm them first by means of confiscation, regulation, taxation, and through controlling markets for firearms and ammunition. Without exception, an unarmed citizenry is one that can be effectively bullied and coerced and are readily controlled by the government.By comparison, a well armed citizenry is an ominous threat to any police or military force who would seek to exert control over them. It is for this reason that our founding fathers introduced the Second Amendment into the U.S. Constitution. GET THESE PEOPLE OUT OF OFFICE WE NEED TERM LIMITS WE GOT career politicians living off the people enough is enough!

If I was a Colorado Rep. or Senator I would start looking for another job.Enjoy the power while you can.

At least if there is ever a civil war again, the states who support gun rights will know which states to attack first.

I'm loving it, all my Democratic friends said they are leaving the Democratic party.

I sure hope he never runs into a really mad bear and runs out of bullets, a real woos

where are all the posts?????????it is now 5pm centeral. with two posts.     at 2pm there were pagesVictory? A state trying to suppress constitutional rights ? I am sure others will follow and the U S Supreme Court is going to be busy and #$%$ off a lot of liberal dumba#@,s   PS How have those no guns policies worked out for oh, lets say chicago ?

Mr. Politician, how much is the NRA paying you to speak for Guns ? Money "always" comes in front of everything, including the dead and innocent. I hope gun fire doesn't take out someone in your nest Governor. I doubt you'll get re-elected

I just love the panzy Liberals who have to do "something" just to feel good about themselves. Total BS. How about going after the Dr's and pharmacutical industry for allowing all these "shooters/killers" be put on these drugs. That's the problem, not the guns, idiots.

Time for the Hickster to go.

Send a shock wave to Dianne Feinstein and the extreme left. Sign the petition to repeal Senate Bill SBX211. When the entire Los Angeles Superior Court Judges face felony charges for accepting money that was NOT authorized by law, that should put them back on their heals for a while.Google SBX211 and sign the petition. COMPLETE MAINSTREAM MEDIA BLACKOUT. So please inform others to sign.

The people moving there from California can not stand the State they came from, now they feel they will control the people of Colorado.  Sheriffs in Colorado have said they will not enforce the new laws, they were so poorly written, a knee jerk reaction.

This is just a thought here.. Let's split the dang state down the continental divide. the Western Slope will be called "New Energy" and the East side will be renamed Commie-Rado!

While the idiots in Colorado are doing this Kansas is lowering income and sales taxes.

I live in Colorado and it's a state of liberals now.  It's a very sad turn of politics in Colorado.  Hickenlooper is being groomed to run for a bigger office than governor of Colorado.  Get ready.

Sad to say no one has seen the absolute tragedy in the number of CHILDREN KILLED THIS YEAR BY ABORTION. Maybe if planned parenthood, or the so called medical professionals had waited  until birth and used a gun; since abortion is legal right up to birth (thus partial birth abortion ) THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN A RIGHTEOUS OUTCRY FROM WASHINGTON.Couldn't happen to a better state you dummies voted these thugs into office now deal with.Next time remember voting has consequences. Now go smoke your dope its legal there.If you vote democrat you need a check up from the neck up.

Good test, let's see how many get relected next time.

You expect less from liberal idiots and you get it

"Colorado's moderate Democratic governor..."Wait. Let me put my drink down.BWAAAAAAHHHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!!!BWAAAAAAHAAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAAAA!!!Hey, Nich and Ivan.... Are you #$%$ serious? This is journalism? If this a fact, or did you pull this opinionated shiiiite out of your biased #$%$Looper has never met a Liberal Fascist™ legislation he would not sign. He speaks like a moderate, but governs like a Liberal Fascist™ he truly is.

2,793.  The number of Americans killed as a result of gun violence SINCE SANDY HOOK.  In a few ticks of the clock, that number will rise above the number killed in 911, and on, and on, and on.  But forget all that.  Keep us armed to the hilt, in case a mythical tyrannical government, a paranoid delusion with as much validity as the Mayan "end of days," comes and enslaves us all.Come on, America.  Rise up and don't let the belligerent minority and NRA turn us into bloodlusting gun fanatics.

Why is Joe Biden calling up States to encurage them. Hey, J@ck@ss, stay out of State business and do the job your paid to do at your level.

Was he imported, hatched or cloned???

I am a very strong believer in the 2nd amendment, but what is wrong with universal background checks to make sure we are not selling to known criminals, requiring firearm safety training, and even possibly a psych exam? I feel all law abiding citizens should have the right to bear arms and to protect themselves, their families and property with force up to and including deadly force, but some things are more common sense. I do not feel we need a rash of major new laws, maybe try enforcing the ones on the books.

IN soviet Russia you kill guns!!!!!!! ooooohhhh raaaaaah

No one cares about the tantrums from the right, stomping their feet, making big threats.  America is growing up.  They will be left behind.2014   Elections = End of GOP

Colorado the next Chicago.

I blame John Denver for ruining CO.

2014 Elections = End of GOP

#$%$ this #$%$ if i had my way id put a gun in the hand of all my civilans who are law abiding.

Looks like you liberal twits won't be getting your hands on our gun rights after all.  You can give it another shot later, in the mean time I'll be stocking up.....

Colorado had to something BIG because it is THE state in the United States that has had two of the most "high-profile" mass-murder massacres in the history of this nation.  The Columbine High School duo in Littleton, CO used their parents' legal guns as did the creepy grad-school drop-out who shot and killed so many people at a Midnight premiere of a Batman movie in Aurora, CO (both pretty close to the State Capitol of Denver.)  ALL EYES have been and will continue to be on Colorado - and if the State didn't do SOMETHING to (at least) give the PERCEPTION that they were working on SOMETHING - then who knows what and where would be next in the "massacre-state."  Most of the posts (the vast majority) are totally against this event happening/occurring in Colorado - and "trash" the people of that State who are trying to figure-out a way to end violence.  This law does NOT take guns away - but it does impose restrictions on background checks and the number of bullets you can have in your "legally-owned" guns.  That's it.  SOMETHING HAD TO BE DONE and SOMETHING WAS DONE.  This "battle" is not over - and won't be for a long time.  But for all of you who keep trashing and cursing and degrading the State of Colorado's leaders for taking some action, I have this question for you:  WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOUR STATE LEAD THE NATION IN GUN-LED MASS KILLINGS???

Don't like Colorado's new gun laws? GET OUT! ( and take your weapons of war with you.)

Just because the people from Colorado have better common sense than the rest of the country, means that not all Americans listen to Fox News!

Ban guns!  and let gun owners move to afghanistan!Proud to be a Coloradoan today!

Colorado's actions are a good start for responsible, sensible gun control! Let common sense prevail and spread! The gun wackos and the NRA cult have ruled the roost unchalleneged for far too long. Newtown changed everything.

Colorado used to be a great state now its full of #$%$ Libtards pot smoking #$%$ and POS California thinking pukes. They have this state  so f##kd up so bad its time to move.