People of Hawaii you VOTED for these FOOLS !

That's not all. Some of the state's law makers are thinking about secession from the Union. After all, they are no more Americans, than North Koreans. They have their own history and culture. They see the mainland going down the tubes. Who wouldn't want to jump a sinking ship?

TAX the RICH give to the POOR because they are too sorry to WORK and support themselves...what has become of AMERICA ... eventually it will collapse into open warfare !

It is easy to pass a new tax if it only affects 49% of the people. It is the tyrany of the majority. Got Obama re-elected.

Tax the rich to protect the environment. Love it. Thanks to Hawai'is legislature. Discourage real estate investment. Excellent idea. Too many locked gated communities for rich people from the mainland (America). Please stay there, we don't need you.

I say NO MORE BUILDING on Hawaii islands....

I'm sure the real driving force in this issue is the hospitality and the sugar industries.  The smartest thing to do would be to tax based on usage but Hotels and big Sugar use the most water, but also have the most influence.

The right-wingers want Hawaii to leave the union.................their only hope is to decrease the minorities in the nation.

So true story: in November of last year I closed up my restaurant at 1am and started home, got half way there and realized I left my phone and house keys. I turn around and go back, about a block from the restaurant is a cop in uniform trying to arrest a street rat, they are fighting and the cop is getting his #$%$ kicked i slow down and yell "do you need help officer" he says yes please help me. I (an ex 10th mountain soldier) pull my car over and run and jump on this guy, I put him in a head and leg lock so the cop can cuff him...guess what, no cuffs, he forgot them....radio for backup...NOPE no radios only cell phones...I fight this guy for 15 minutes in the lava rock, I am covered in blood from all the cuts but hang on till ten more cops show up. they finally get him cuffed. I get up, the duty seargent looks at me (haole boy) walks over to my truck and GIVES ME A PARKING TICKET for being in the middle of the road.

thats better than pushing false birth certificatesI live in Kona, you can walk down the streets smoking weed, while accosting tourists....BUT if you do not have your seat belt on, look out. Like all liberal society's, anyone "down on there luck" (you know the lazy 20yo who is collecting welfare, a phone and EBT) gets a pass. Us working stiffs on the other hand are seen as the ATM to support them....

Conservatives don't believe Hawaii has limited water resources.  They view resource management as some sort of commie plot!

so..tax the rich? that's the best answer? brilliant!

Unless you've actually lived on Hawaii, and know the situation, the above comments are simply ignorant.  As a conservative republican who has actually lived on the Islands I have personal experience of the situation. Painting the general agenda brush simply because you disagree prepetuates the "sheep" mentality.  Thank you Craig for sharing something you've experienced. I am prepared for the oncoming landslide of reactive negative comments.  Senseless rants are silly and not worthy of acknowledgement.

There's not much land left to buy, the wealthy have already bought enough property in Hawaii,  all the decent property that is.  they put the native hawaiins on reservations (on land of course that is dry, brown and wont produce crops).  Its always about benefiting the wealthy, right chamber of commerce?

They ought to have indoor toilets by now in Hawaii!

Obozo dropped the soap