The only news in this story is that Obama is heading East for a vaction.  If you want more speculation, think about Obama's potential method for "preventing" an Arab spring in Jordan, which is to arm the Jordanian rebels against its king.  Obama can't resist, no matter what the words coming out of his public mouth say.

Obama should advocate a nice cleansing fire for all muslim countries in the world, so that those regions will have a chance to start fresh and new and without the sickness.

and, he'll make sure he, michelle and the girls have a place in four years after this country is destroyed from within. give 25 million to Egypt when we are 3 trillion in debt, to me is a down payment for a place to call home in 2017.  i don't trust the man, in other words.

Every time Obama The Marxist goes to the middle east he builds a bigger hotter fire.  It will be interesting to see what he does this time.

ISRAEL !!!   Watch this Obama person. He is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Trust only our Lord God !!!

And just what will he do. I know he's not going to back Israel. Our money is going to go to Egypt. What a disappointment he is

How can you tell the world how to run there country's when you can't even run ours.

I wish he would plunge head first into a boulder.

I pray for our President to have Damascus experience with Lord Jesus in Jerusalem to become a changed man of God from inside out.Jerusalem is Gods footstool and Heaven is His seat.God to give our President wisdom, favor, grace and mercy.

Mr. President welcome to  JERUSALEM.USA have been hand off , defending human right and democracy for way too long world wide , today usa say nothing , but act like China , USA s.u.c.k.s, and besides it have the guatanamo scandal

For Substance check with Iran they are spinning a reality check for the Zionists.

"Obama set to plunge into roiling Mideast waters"?Literally? ( :

I've got a novel idea folks! As Americans, let's all root for OUR President to have a safeand successful trip. Think about it, that wouldn't be so hard would it? (And no, I didn'tvote for him, either time, but enough of my fellow American citizens did, to put himwhere he is now, so why not pull together for a change?- Frankly, IMHO, some of thecomments on this and related articles, serve no purpose other than to encourage ourreal enemies- the radical islamists)

I hope that the secret service can keep the US President safe, because he's a target for militant Islamics, messianic Hebrews, Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Hezbollah, in addition to any visiting House Republicans.

who weak you no the story.

"Our Ally" Israel... who is not tired of this endlessly repetitious propaganda??...

Israel Obama is the last American President capable to make real peace.

Dont blame me i didnt vote for him.