People, this hail was the size of tennis balls in some areas. The destruction is unbelievable. Cars look like a madman with a hammer lost all control, trees look like the Jolly Green Giant went loco with a weedeater. Houses have holes in the roof's the size of golf balls. WOW

New car dealerships must hate it went these storms occur.

I don't know what a "Ferce" Hail Storm is, but it sounds bad.

There is nothing worse than a Ferce Hail Storm as stated on the Yahoo home page.

a roofer's dream.

I can't even imagine baseball sized hail. Scary!

Does Yahoo even have a proof reader?

Don't ya just hate them Fercen storms ?

Looks to me like the Insurance Companies better have had insurance too!!!

these are the kind of days the scrap guy is dancin'!That must have been pretty scary!

fierce1.Having or displaying an intense or ferocious aggressiveness.2.(of a feeling, emotion, or action) Showing a heartfelt and powerful intensity.Weird hail that's for sure.

Headline: "Ferce hails storms rattle southern states". Really? Ferce? First bias, then utter lack of effort by "journalists" and now Yahoo, you can't even get your headline writers to be literate? Only reason I come here anymore is to laugh at Yahoo. You all is ferce newz wryters, Yahew.

When there is massive storm damage from weather events, EVERYBODY in EVERY state will have to pay higher premiums for insurance.  Mine has gone up annually and it has been eight years since I filed any kind of claim.  The insurance companys just like to COLLECT premiums, they really don't like to pay out claims and yet they make the largest profits of almost any other businesses, really obscene amounts of profit.  Something needs to be done.

WOW!! Can you imagine these things getting so big they weigh 180 lbs.? It's prophecy!!

"Daddy, thet were some FERCE hayul thar!"  And I'm southern!  Come on Yahoo, use that spell checker.

Hail yes...!

Wow.   Hope they have good insurance !!

ATTENTION, ATTENTION. WELCOME TO EARTH.  Be advised the climate can be hazardous.  Dress appropriately.  The inhabitants tend towards violence and insanity.Be prepared to protect yourself.  A three phase proton blaster is recommended.NOTE:  thermonuclear, chemical and biological weapons are restricted (somewhat).Have a nice visit.  Enjoy the humans.  Best sex in the galaxy.  Use a condom.

This just isn't right. My house and automobiles were really messed up by large hail stones and 113mph winds, April 30, 2012 and we didn't get national news. A neighbor with a metal roof had a soccer ball sized hole in his roof.Nor was the disaster wide scale enough to call it a disaster area. So we were on our own."Ferce" hailstorm?

Welcome to our world.  We endure hurricanes you can put up with big snow balls.   LOL  NOW talk about US Wide storm insurance rates.  Not just hurricanes, hail storms, tornadoes, floods (Miss River Delta) (the Dakotas) we know this happens year in and year out.  It is a business by mother nature.  If you are in harms way, get the hell out of the way.  The Insurance companies bet that we the people are stupid enough to keep paying year after bloody year to rebuild, year after bloody year, TIME TO STOP THE CARNAGE BY THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY.

Here in Polk the wind off the tornado did more damage than the hail. Roofs gone or ripped up , in Felton  heights  is a part of where it touched down. It was weird .it took tees like it picked them out and snached them up one here and there , all over the County. The debree in the air was dangerous as to what I saw. Tees down has been the worse problem except one dead from a tree hitting his car. I think his son was with him.

That is why they buy insurance.  So insurance companies, pay up.

i only opened this article to find out what ferce is.  maybe they meant yahoo is a farce?

Does this tie into the end of the world hubbity bub?

The other day i was golfing with golf balls as big as hailstones.

Natural Warnings: ...Hail storms are often preceded by an orange hue in the sky.  Can also be greenish.

HEAD'S UUUUUUP!!

Hail rules.Guess a carport or garage would have been handy ?

Ouch i bet them hurt when they hit you on the head.Those are really ice meteors

Bill BP, they will pay for the damage.

Blame AG's global warming.

God hates the south. Just ask Pat Roberts....

Try using commas Yahoo!

Try using commas Yahoo!

I love the idiotic comments made referring to the destruction being by God. How convenient, my question is this, do these idiots live in the region and do they have an understanding of the dynamics of it? or is it automatically climate change in their minds.

I don't know why people like hail storms. I think they are destructive.

Obama said the sky would fall because of the sequester!This must be due to that liberal pseudo-science called "Global Warming" - More liberal drivel

In Texas we have dealt with this stuff for years. Big Soft Balls falling from the sky.

No reported injuries in the article, that's a blessing.  Special price on dimple darlings next week.

Sign of things to come.They have been falling on some of the tropical islands too.

Ferce....isnt that ...fish poo?

Hail rules.

I live in Polk and a lot of us are still without power due to so many tress down on lines.  It was a really big one. The hail was steady but the wind was much worse, then it got quite and I knew it was time to go to my safe spot and hope it might pass us. Took down treess in Cedartown and all over in Forrest areas. We get one about every year. I could see the funnel and  too close. It passed approx  150 yds from me. The wind off it was really  bad.

Must be spring!

Father God will; protect me from ALL of Lifes storms :) AMEN. I love him and he has MORE then PROVEN his Love for me.

Mother earth isn't happy.Mrs gerG drove through this storm west of Tuscaloosa.  Thank Goodness, neither she nor her old car were injured; however, she did have to change her knickers when she arrived in Hoover.

Spring !

Mississippi is in bad shape but at least it is better off than California.

Nice picture, a whole two of them.

must be Gods will

When I see those two "Fatties" in the picture, I am asking myself "I wonder where they are from.  And then I see Missisippi.  Overweight, fat people live in peace in Ole MS.

while it is annoying for city people, it is not a big deal.when it hails for farmers who lose all their crops, it is horrible, it can mean they will lose everything as sometimes hail insurance does not cover all the cost of losses.

Wow, thats some big hail.

WE aint seen nothing yet!

Obama - is the Devil! ... I saw it on the History Channel.Red States still in denial of climate change?

Mississippi already gets $2.02 from the federal gov't for every dollar they pay in taxes, so I am sure their Red State Governor will be begging for more disaster relief now

They look like chicken eggs to me, just in time for Easter.

Eye am glad yahu cares enough abbout kwaloty to respet there reeders. Nice hedlien!

Surely this is the first time that such a fierce storm has hit this area, right?  These people were not prepared for such a horrible storm.  Obviously storms of this severity are never seen in this area, right?    You people can't be prepared for such a storm if you have never had one like this before in your area.

Maybe we should stop building cars in metal and use fiberglass or composite for the body.

Do the people in those states understand the type of weather they get from fossil fuel engines? This is NO surprise. Cars, trucks, and planes produce air pollution, which creates clouds, which builds a warm, humid greenhouse, which causes more snow, rain, hail, ice storms, and tornadoes. In dry western states, the warmer greenhouse produces drought, fires, and eventually famine.

FERCE (?)...Come on Yahoo! #spellcheck

A snow balls chance in hell!

Like a good neighbor State Farm is there! Or is he?WOW---- free eight balls of cocaine covering the black side of town

that gentlemen in the blue shirt looks he's been eating too much fried chicken at KFC.

The South has gone to Hail, I'm telling Ya!: )

In a related story: Doctors in Jackson, Mississippi are treating a sudden rash of dented-head syndrome that has afflicted local citizens. Experts believe the malady could be somehow tied to large white objects that fell from the sky. .  .

YAY!! GOD I LOVE HAIL!!

That's gonna be alot of damaged Dodge Neons and Waffle Houses

Global warming hail.

Anybody down south thinking climate change yet? At some point the insurance companies will make their rates so high none of us will be able to afford property insurance.

Must be LOUD in a trailer park!

Pat Robertson wants to know why Jesus hates the South.Ferce hailstorms are the worst............

Hey!  I thought all you Republicans didn't want any Federal help!  Remember how you all wanted to go it alone?  FEMA was a waste, you said, remember?  How is it when the shoe is on the other foot?????

I think the States should be held accountable for their own emergency relief funds. After all, you #$%$ states wouldn't want to 'sponge' off of the Government, would you? I'm tired of my tax dollars being spent because you're stupid and live in areas that are prone to natural disasters.

Oh HAIL!!!

Human can not do anything to defend  against mother nature. I feel sorry for them, but that is living.

This sounds like pretty extreme weather.

IT'S GOD'S RETRIBUTION for their support of Obama...What?.... Oh.... uh.... Never mind.

Thank God for climate change and gun control. Storms have created more jobs in the last 4 years than Obama. Second only to gun makers.

I'm really glad this is NOT due the liberal myth of global warming!Ecstatic even!

it got pretty rough where i live in alabama but we did'nt see anything like that thank god.Surely it is a sign from gawd that the end is near!   You know, cuz natural disasters never happened before.

Yes ... awww hail ... it happens .... and your excited about it why ?

Oh for crying out loud...even journalists make typos... I can't stand grammar #$%$.

Someone could make a fortune developing a car/truck cover that could repel large hail damage, and I don't mean a garage. I had a friend who survived a severe hail storm using carpet remnants, it worked, he had no damage, while other cars were badly damaged.

its praying time

I once saw golf balls the size of hail stones

They look more like boulders---LOL

There goes all of those GOP votes as the trailer parks get destroyed.

I wonder how the Bible thumpers explain that their Bible Belt gets the most severe weather in the country.  They probably think it's a faith test or that they need to double down on their nonsense, like hate gays even more.

there are no musicians here doing charity concerts to help the people in need like they did in new york storm, they weren't there in tuscaloosa alabama either... there is a high concentration of jews in new york and very few in the south............................Natures wrath or man made problems due to chem trails?

Was the "ferce" hailstorm a fierce farce?  Merica, land of the English-only brigade.  Which English is up for debate.  Trailer park English? 15 year old mall-girl English?  Walmart English? Home-schooled English?  Or in this case, "ferce" English.

Just wait-someone will claim this is climate change. It's like there has been no big hail ever before. Morons.

Better hide the cousins.

I bet they thought they were picking cotton,,,da be sayn look at dis i aint never  been seein cotton like dis.

Obumma phone coverage was interrupted,lawsuits to come...

I'll take a load of firewood

God sure does hate those southern folks.

I knew somewhere there was bad weather ! Yesterday here in South Texas the wind was from the north, the temperature was 101 at 4;10 PM. Something was brewing !

Why an article on this when this has happened all over. Recall hail near football size that caused massibe damage  Hail hammered the south and some hammered your ol lady   She loved itWOW!  Thats crazy!

Jesus hates the south and is punishing it for being bad boys and girls--clearly he intends to destroy it soon as well.

A lot of insurance claims after this!

This weather will give OPEC another "good" reason to raise the price of gasoline!

This ice is the result of global heat.

People in Mississippi listen to the news and weather stations there? Evidently not!  If I owned an expensive car like the Avalon, I'd sure have it under some sort of protection from the hail. Even here in Arkansas, we're smarter than that when they say "Possible Hail Storm and high winds are in the forcast"!

The weather willl onlly continue to affect all humans adversely if we do not stay informed, active and verbal about it...Wash. takes to long to act and has become it's own w orse enemy...I am a Democrat and wanted Harry Reid to immediately resign tonight with his mealy mouth excuses about why 40 votes is not enough to even discuss further any issue the vast majority wants a vote on. Stand up and shout Am er ica..call them out and write every day!

Remember any funds sent to the southern states must have offset funds. (Think Hurricane Sandy Relief) Northern Senators and Northern House members should hold FEMA or any other help to the southern states in the same way.

Storms like these are only gonna get worse unfortunately.. The weather pattern has changed so much in recent years that it's hard to predict what the next system will do..

me liv inn a suthern stat and i didnint see no ferce hell.These folks are not exempt from destruction despite all that praying on Sundays...maybe...they whites and blacks need to pray together on Sundays...and God will pay more attention to their plight..

@Carole, shove it! Or you're gonna' need insurance for me smashing your face!!! This storm was a natural disaster lady and peoples lives have been shaken when they had no control of their surroundings...All that hard earned property that is damaged should have some form of help if those who pay insurance have put money into the system. That's what business is all about! To provide for your customers in hopes something like this never happens, but if it does, they will be prepared.

The Bible says there will be hundred-pound hailstones before this experiment is over. We've seen nothing yet.

HAHAHAHA, Sucks to be you people!!!!  Mother Nature is a #$%$.

this is payback from god to all the good republicans

People in the south are dumb enough!! Having a hail stone hit them in the head would only  enhance their retardation!

Georgia - Alabama Sorry you suffered such a hit by the weather. Property damage is not good but if no one was seriously injured by this storm ---Then Great. Wino's description sounds rather appropriate, the illustration used makes use imagine what they went thru w/o being there...... Al Gore is not to blame for these storms, ALL of us are WE all contribute to green house gases that have finally caught up with us. The industrial revolution was good for some to make $$$$$ be it played havoc with our ecosystem. We have not had the technology to measure this until the decade or so &amp; even if man HAD known what was happening say in 1860 would they have changed course???? How about 1900 would they change course &amp; reduce ANY effects on the environment???? Or even 1930 or 1960 ??? Most likely NOT-- greed -- has been the common denominator &amp; the 'almighty' $$$$ has won despite what the future holds for their children.  If ya have half a brane ya kno wat I sayd iz tru.

Apparently, they aren't that southern...grass looks pretty dormant and trees are bare in the pic.