can EA maybe get back on track? they can start with no more online DRM and perhaps lose the micro transactions as well.

I wish he would take his Madden design team and coders with him.  Same game for the last six years with little to no innovation or upgrades.  Like putting lipstick on a pig.

Maybe the rest of the dipshits at EA will follow suit and they get some fresh blood in there that has an understanding of what gamers want.  EA has been bloody #$%$ over the past 10 years.

EA needs to listen to its customers: no persistent online DRM for single player games.Make the games more fun. Listen to clients when they suggest features they'd like to see.I won't buy the latest Sim City because it has to be online to play, allows only the smallest of cities to be built, and costs $70! For that kind of money, I'd expect more from them. And I refuse to buy into the new DRM BS. I like to play games OFFLINE so I don't get hacked while playing games. Bad enough I need to pay upwards of $100 for software to protect me from intrusion.I won't even say what I think about what passes as 'good gameplay' on Ultima Online, lest I get censored; suffice it to say that the game was better under OSI than it ever was under EA Games.Maybe the almost universal boycott of EA Games will bring some sense into the company... maybe not. But falling sales and losses in the stock market might wake them up.

Glad to hear EA is hurting where it counts.  Keep it up and maybe they'll make some positive changes.

When I see EA is the publisher, I think twice about buying the game.  They have killed some good franchises.

He could almost be considered nice looking, but he looks gay.   ~Vikki

Im glad he is leaving and EA should be also. His policy the last 10 years has been to rerelease the same old franchises with little to no improvement but does have a multi million dollar ad onslaught for each release. Plus his contempt for actual paying customers. Next time EA try releasing quality products and try to respect your customers. Im still boycotting all EA products but perhaps if its looking like this ship is getting turned around i might considers your products again at some distant later date.

Saying it is just about the changing world is like saying hittler was all about christians. EA was bound to show signs of failure after being so completly incompetant and out of touch with its customers. In many cases EA has been spitefull and evil to the people who pay good money for products that many times they dont even get. Sim City 5 is the latest in a long list of launch failures and always on DRM is nazi like in corperate behavior. App games have nothing to do with this. EA has a cancer in its culture and this is the first cut in a much needed surgery to remove that cancer. Next step, kill origin and go back to Steam. For christ sakes allow us to make custom plays in Madden again.

EA needs to get rid of the suits and hire people who have gamed in their lives, or at least make playing their games a requirement of working there. I've seen nothing but bad come out of companies that EA has bought, from 1st day DLC culled from the vanilla game, to sneaking in mircrotransactions along with "free" dlcs. All it has done is attract a few casual gamers, and turn off their core market. I know many people like myself who will never again pre-order a game after seeing the broken, half finished #$%$ the big publishers are cranking out. The only games in the near future that have gotten my attention have been Kickstarters, where developers can raise their own funds for a game and don't have to be beholden to a publisher's marketing schedule.These guys look like copies of each other. They are probably not even game lovers. Money hungry pigs.

Lets see, 60 dollar games, DRM=bad for the consumer, failed game launches! Ok, Wonder how much he'll get for leaving?

Release the licensing rights to Porsche so other good racing game manufacturers can use them instead of monopolizing the car brand for your #$%$ Need for Speed titles.

Oh, common Yahoo at least knowing what Kim's big butt is up to is better then a Wall Street CEO's big wallet.

love ea sports games.

well EA is a SH*TTY game publisher, Always have been and the new Sim City stuff proves it

I wonder how many millions his payout package will be for their "shortcomings",  I'm sure it won't affect his payout.

Who the F cares?

Stop making #$%$ games... just make one good one...

Maybe they'll fix the ending of Mass Effect now.EA has the single worst customer service I have ever encountered. Their tech support is meaningless.

SimCity is a disaster... he should be ashamed for signing off on it.