The bigger crime here is the publisher charging American students so much more for the same book they sell abroad fora fraction of the price.  That's classic price gouging.

It costs much, much more to print books here, that's why they have to charge more.

The whole college textbook industry is a scam. You really think we need a new version of an intro to statistics text book every 3 years when the actual statistical tests haven't changed in the last 10 years?There should be a rule that if a class requires a new textbook, then the prof MUST teach from that book for at least 6 years.

This is important when considering property rights.  If I legally purchase an item then I have the right to resell it for whatever price I can get for it.

You know, publishing isn’t the only industry that has this kind of price fixing.  Pharmaceuticals is another- as is just about everything sold at Walmart, Sears, Target…So why outlaw price fixing for just the publishing industry?

Reuters forgot the story.  We only got the headline.

A qutoe if I may, " Let me try and make up for the poor article. A man from Thailand legally bought textbooks in Thailand from textbook publisher John Wiley &amp; Sons. The books he bought in Thailand were the same as those sold in the United States, but were far less expensive. The man then resold the books on eBay back to students in the United States. The publisher tried to stop him, alleging infringement, but the Supreme Court said once a publisher sells a book, that book is no longer under the publisher's control, and it can be sold anywhere. Makes sense to me."Yep, I agree

Three people worked on this 'report' that is two sentences and explains nothing?  Is this a days work for these people?  If this was a high school sophomore report the student would get an 'F.'  Do these people understandf what they are reporting?  Why become a reporter if you don't understand the import of the news.  Or are the three names at the bottom of the story all unpaid interns?

Short story, short comment

It would have been nice to list the name or docket number of the case so we could find out the specifics. This article has the equivalent of "Man charged with a crime pleads 'Not Guilty' and receives bail." About as informative as above. The journalism class I took back in high school back in the 70s (when there were still print newspapers) taught me better than that. Probably a grad of USC Journalism program.

Hopefully, this ruling can then be applied to things like medication.  I'm tired of getting raped for $20 for ONE PILL of an antibiotic that sells for $2 in Mexico.  Why is it that big companies can use cheap foreign labor to get around costs, but I can't save money by going to where prices are cheaper?  If they get to benefit from a global economy, so should I.Publishers sell the same book printed elsewhere for less than half of the cost in the US. Example, My Sociology text from 2 semesters ago was $250, I bought a brand new "International Version", the same identical text with a different cover for $95. The cost of text books is phenomenal in our country. This is a leading factor in the rising cost of education.Drug makers do the same thing. This is milking the people of our country.

American students should file a class action suit against price gouging textbook publishers.

the bad part is   a federal jury awarded $600,000 damages and the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York upheld the award. the rich taking advantage of the working class and the courts helping the rich.

What ticks me off is that the American company prints and sells the products for so much less overseas that they can be shipped back here and resold for enough to fund their education!!  Why are these companies ripping off Americans?

That was verbose.  I'm not sure if this is good or bad for consumers or business. Did they get a High School student to write this?

This is a reasonable decision. If a copyright holder chooses to sell something for cheaper in another country, then someone else should be able to buy it and ship it to another country, then sell it for a higher cost. The copyright holder has already received their compensation with the original sale.

American Corporations gouging the Americna public and then trying to bully their customer when they find an opportuntiy to do right. Publishers, big pharma, big medicine.....  How about try charging the people in other countries MORE than what you charge your mother, brother or neighbor....  Yes we all neeed to make a living but gouging your own is shameful and being a little #$%$.... Dang Corporate America is ruining America faster than anything we have ever experianced... CEO's are the next set of terrorist they way the are ruining the American economy and dream.... Plain ole shameful....

How was Kirtsaeng able to buy the books abroad, able to ship them to the US, sell them cheaper than the publisher (John Wiley &amp; Sons Inc), and still make a profit?

Textbooks are almost as big a scam as college itself......

Lets do the same thing to the drug companies.Basically if you bought a vinyl record, listened to it, then sold it, the copyright folks say you infringed on their copyright.  Same for books and movies.  Their logic is you cannot resell what you buy because you never bought it, you only rented it from them.  They still own it. I don't think so Tim.

FINALLY a Supreme Court Ruling that indirectly attacks the "fraud" of "free" trade! Want to print abroad and pay workers $2 per- now you get to suffer the consequences!

Why should text books, that are the same texts, sell for so much less in a foreign country?Why should the same drug be sold in Canada for so much less than in the US?  Sounds like we are taking it in the shorts again.

Business don't like it when you can find away around their price gouging.

So if the owner of the US  copyright makes product out of the country and sells it to local consumers, those consumers can then resell the product in the US.  Guess DVD and CD manufacturers better be careful about where they produce their material.

Nothing wrong with the gray market, its the black market you have to watch out for..

Isn't this common sense? If you buy something, you can resell it for what you want?

Not really much to comment about. What's the story? And who does it involve?

I blame the publishers who want $300 for a single textbook for this.  Some found a way to outsmart them and now they are being all pissy about it.

You can't learn until you pay us!  Doesn't matter someone already bought the book, you can't buy it from them, you have to buy from us!  Or we will SOOO sue you!!My new job.  Buying stuff overseas, and selling it in the US.  And there isn't anything they can do about it.  CaChing !!!!!

As I read it, it only applies to products created outside the US

He wouldn't be able to make money selling the textbooks if the publishers didn't overcharge students in the US. It's the same book as the one sold in the US but it is considerable cheaper in other countries.

Haha, poor little corporate thugs.

$600,000 fine for selling 8 books? There is definitely criminal activity going on in this case, but it isn't the student that is comitting any crime.

The monopolistic book publishers who prey on our college students lost one. They're still ripping off the kids.

@steve - are you joking?

What are the odds that the SCOTUS will not apply the "First Sale Doctrine" to the Bowman v. Monsanto Co case?

Basically American Companies won't be able to Rip Off Americans as much as they have been doing.

There is such a wealth of explanation with this story that I am confused. But I gather that American publishers sell copyrighted products in other countries at a lower price than they sell them for in the U.S. and some people buy the products at retail in these other countries, ship them to the U.S. and sell them for less than what the publishers charge for them in the U.S.So I guess this means publishers will simply raise their prices in non-U.S. markets.  But what happens when Arun, Wang, Juan and Ibrahim realize that they cannot afford the higher prices on what American companies are willing to pay them to produce products that said companies import to the U.S.A.?GOOD! This is just a case where the greedy-doers seem to think that they should be able to make money for nothing and get their checks free again. What it comes down to is your right to OWN something you purchase and therefore be able to do as you please with it including selling it for profit. One of the reasons why the Pharmaceutical companies want to shut down overseas Internet drug sales is because they can't rape US for them if we can just go on line and get the pills for a dollar each from overseas suppliers. Man I love the Internet. Letting freedom ring above the call of the greedy-doers is great!

Text books are way over priced and they come out with "new editions" with minor changes to cut the resale market.  The professors are in cahoots as they write the books and get paid for every book sold so they of course want you to buy the newest book as they also make nothing off the resale.

Commentators  just can't do journalism.

From the LA Times:"The case focuses on the book-reselling feats of Supap Kirtsaeng, a Thai native who studied math at Cornell University and USC. Kirtsaeng's family shipped him low-cost textbooks made in Thailand that he resold on EBay, earning $900,000. But publisher John Wiley &amp; Sons sued him in 2008, alleging that he infringed the copyrights of eight of its textbooks that he resold. Because the books weren't made in the United States, a federal judge rejected Kirtsaeng's claim that he was protected under the first-sale doctrine, and the U.S. 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals agreed.Federal law says that the owner of any "lawfully made" copy of a work may "sell or otherwise dispose" of it without the copyright owner's authorization. But it also says that importing copies made overseas violates the copyright owner's exclusive right to distribute that work in the United States, with limited exceptions.The courts have struggled to balance those competing clauses, with three appeals courts issuing conflicting rulings and the Supreme Court deadlocking in 2010. Kirtsaeng's attorneys, however, offer a sensible interpretation consistent with the long-standing meaning of the first-sale doctrine. Under their view, the import ban applies to goods made in ways that would violate U.S. copyright law, and to imports of goods that hadn't been sold — for example, when the copy had been rented or stolen. In all other cases, they argue, buyers should receive the full protection of the first-sale doctrine.Manufacturers understandably chafe at the gray market because it undermines their ability to set lower prices in less-developed countries. But they have other ways to discourage this kind of importing. And denying first-sale protection to all goods made outside the United States would give manufacturers a perverse incentive to shift production to other countries or seek copyright protection for products that wouldn't otherwise qualify for it."So, essentially, the defendant was acting as an online bookstore, but was able to purchase his product at a cheaper price due to his connections in Thailand than if he bought the books in the U.S. He was therefore able to undercut the prices that the books were being sold for in the U.S. by college bookstores and other sources.

When will ebooks be as easy to sell or pass on to someone else?

Interesting. I saw this story about 90 minutes ago and it said exactly the opposite, that the court ruled in favor of the publisher and that was bad for the gray market. So what do we do, flip a coin or do we have to go check for ourselves?

The copyright laws in this country need to be totally rewritten to provide some protection to the consumers. DMCA has stolen the ownership of almost everything you buy from you. According to DMCA you don't own anything that they can put code into from your software, to your phone, to the computer in your car. They only grant you the use of the copyrighted material and can revoke your right to sell or modify things you think you own with the stroke of a pen.

Screw the publishers, they have been stealing from students for ages.

they are going to start varying editions to screw american students in order to keep this racket up of overcharging us students

IN other words, you can charge what the market can bear, but now that it is a GLOBAL market, you can't jack the rates in rich countries and give realistic rates to developing nations.This is a right and just ruling

Good news for consumers, bad news for (con)job creators

Huh?

Yep, the idea that I can buy a product more cheaply in one place and sell it for more in another is a basic economic principle.   A major publisher like Wiley would hate this because they are making a bundle in the USA off of this structure of the "free market".  It reminds me of all the retired folk who go overseas or to Canada to get their prescription drugs because they are so much cheaper there than here.  It also is another argument why free markets don't really work because they are never really free.

I am amazed that this was even a suit. I am so glad to hear the the Supreme Court applied commonsense and overruled the idea that a person would have to pay to infinity for every transaction. Ownership was transferred at the sale and usage from what the publisher intended was not violated, especially without the profiteering of their works.George!

Big win for consumers - and that doesnt happen often.

its kind a like saying you cant resell your car.

I think the article shows just how messed up our economy is and indicates that costs we are incurring here are not due to fair or free trade, but corporations and government charging us more just because we live in the US.

The SCOTUS got this right.  This case was about much more than buying books overseas.  It was about the rights of consumers to sell an item they purchased.  If this case was upheld, any publisher or content owner could bring a suit against anyone who resells their products without permission.  Who purpose of the "First Sale Doctrine" was to protect consumers from this sort of civil action.

The Court Ruled correctly... and the publisher is a manipulator. Truth be told, those books should have cost the same in either country. So the publisher is scamming the American students.China does not care about our copyright laws.

Great lack of information as usual. Hack journalist at work here.

Well, maybe if they didn't charge $250 for a textbook they wouldn't have a problem.  That's what the free market system is all about.  If someone charges outrageous prices then someone else comes in and undercuts their prices.  When a textbook I bought new 20 years ago for $35 now costs $225 today, something is wrong.

Why did this make it to the Supreme Court?  Don't they have important issues to worry about.  The copyright laws are clearly stated on the website.  The publisher needs to learn to read.

Damn, but some of you people are stupid!

Good! I'm tired of corporations acting like we just rent things from them.

someone is reading a book?

oh shucks.Looks like I might have trouble selling books I buy at Goodwill and sell on eBay.Watch it, now they may be trying to figure out how to apply sales tax to garage sales.(ebay is like a big, electronic garage sale.)

So..I presume...I can go to a third world country and buy up mass quantities of pharmaceuticals cheaply and resell them here for a large profit as long as they are copyrighted here?

Hmm, now I just need to make friends with someone in Thailand.On an aside, I am glad that the Court ruled in this manner. I have a feeling that stores like Half Price Books were watching this one closely (they do buy some "new" editions along with their used books).The music industry is next to fall

The publishers should have been smart enough to offer to settle with the defendant before going to trial for the difference in prices and a promise not to do it again. The defendant probably at that point would have been glad to forgego the expense of court, while the publishers would have preserved precedent. Instead they got mean.

this should encourage people to produce products in the united states

Now I can start importing fake Fender bass guitars from China.....thanks Supreme Court!

Hundreds of thousands of illegal people flow into the U.S. each year and disrupt the American job market. Why should the flow of tens of billions of dollars of good evading copyright royalties to American companies concern the Supreme Court. They think they can still draw their huge paychecks and retirement perks when American companies and jobs have gone away.

Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a liberal IDIOT JEW  writing a dissenting opinion. HEY RUTH isn't it time you RETIRE to the country you REALLY LOVE.........ISRAEL

College students everywhere groan in unison. Property rights dictate that once it is sold overseas - by definition - the publisher doesn't own it any longer! If resalers in this country were treated this way the Supreme Court wouldn't do it. Capitalism only works when price-setting isn't allowed. If they can make it cheap for foreigners then they can make it cheap here. The federal government is biased in favor or protecting profits to college bookstores who are losing business to foreign copies at one tenth the price. Wrong! Bad decision!

What's going on?  The court has been using common sense again!  The copyright was never designed to allow companies to gouge customers.  Now, let's seemthem apply this to patents; specifically medicines.  Want to see medical cost go down, allow Americans to import medicines from oversea at overseas prices!

Great, I got tons of books....... I'm selling them.

If I buy a book and want to sell it when I am done that is ok. Let the copyright people come and buy the words out of the book back from me, if they do not want some one else to see themthat right you by a phone and u wanna turn around and sell your old one. same thing he just out smarted them.

This article is poorly written and lacks sufficient detail to understand the ruling.

Blocking resale does not work  For example your ol lady sells it over and over  WHOA and BAM

New law: U.S. patents, trademarks and copyrights are null and void for anything that is not produced in the U.S.A.

I hope this means distributors can buy American drugs sold much more cheaply overseas, then sell them at a commensurate discount in the US.  I am sick of paying 10x more for the same thing here in the US than what they pay elsewhere in the world.  When Congress is trying to fix healthcare costs, why aren't they going after huge opportunities like this?

And in related news, any automobiles you purchase in the U.S.in the future must be returned to the original dealer for resale. Used car sales are no longer allowed.

Maybe this will cause Companies to re-evaluate their policy of outsourcing their labor to other countries.

Why cant textbooks be updated by addendum's for the ones that need updating like history? As far as I know basic math 2+2 still equals four unless you are in Congress.

Good!  Copyright law was changed in the U.S. (at the behest of the Disney company and others) to extend the copyright period for works that would otherwise go into the public domain.   This did not benefit the original creators.  It only benefitted large multinationals and the grandchildren / heirs of the original creators, who don't have the talent to create their own works.

Yeah the reason the guy wanted to block the sale of books of his made abroad was BECAUSE they sell for at lot less overseas.They  can then be imported into the USA and sold for LESS than what he was charging in the US market with the importers still making a profit, therefore driving down the Book Owners USA profits.It's the same reason the Drug Companies want to block the sale of Canadian Meds imported into the USA.Same thing the Cigarette smugglers in the USA do. Smuggle Cigs from a low Cig tax state into a higher Cig tax state and profit from the difference.Because the USA prices of products are ALWAYS artificially higher than they prices they charge for the same product they sell outside the USA.On my main Yahoo page the headline and blurb reads "The Supreme Court on Tuesday said U.S. copyright holders CAN block the resale inside the country of products they make elsewhere..." The exact opposite of what the article says.

Maybe  if  publishers weren't  trying  to  screw Americans  this  wouldn't  happen,  I can  get a copy of a Potter  boot  for  60% of the price  in  many  other  English speaking  countries  why?   Publisher  greed.

This decision is not a good one, it rubber stamps manufacturing, importation and distribution of all copyrighted products registered here in America. America is in big trouble. Between Obama, the congress and now the courts, we don't stand a chance of digging ourselves out of the mess we're in. Very, very bad day for us all.

So many commenters are clueless about the difference between copyrights and patents.

thats obammys'  "SUPREMES"

this is done with tickets all the time its called scalping unless your a big co. like stub hub or tickets now. then i guess its okay somehow...

can't wait to see more trampling of the constitution and our rights by the scotus. i am enjoying watching the destruction and re-creation of this hated, illegal, nation. alinsky said this was possible. he was brilliant, brilliant i say! the president is wise indeed for following his blueprint!

If these people had enough common sense to figure out this case, why did the so badly screw up Marxistcare?

Sweet, so now someone can buy in China cheap as #$%$, and resell it here cheap as #$%$. No more overpriced music and movies.

I wish they didn't need to (or feel they need to) always tell us that justices are "conservative" or "liberal".  In many ways, the extremism that ALL the justices display on the "hot button" issues is what is wrong with are country.  By definition,  a judge MUST BE NEUTRAL!!  And approach EVERY CASE with an open mind.Enterprising way to fund his tuition expenses.

This story is telling us WHAT?

Of course the IDIOT JEW Ginsburg has to write the dissenting opinion.

....Huh.? Where's the story Roto Reuters.?

Okay.  The ruling is GREAT.  But now, just watch the content Barons lobby Congress and the Obama Administration (which is heavily in their debt and utterly in their pockets) to get the laws changed in their favor.  Remember reading your American history about the days of the Trusts and how they controlled Congress, and how it took "Trustbuster Teddy" Roosevelt to end their omnipotent supremacy?  Ring a bell, perhaps?  As Mark Twain put it, "History may not repeat itself, but it does tend to rhyme."It does tend to rhyme, with depressing frequency.

The government is only interested in taxing or revenues, this is what they really care about and they will soon tax you on what you sell to others.

you do not  have have the right to sue for copy rights if the material is legally bought under copy right laws, and redistributed.The books were under the same publisher.The fact he was taking advantage of the two different economic environments is perfectly legal.

I think the editors, Howard and Eric, need to be quietly let go and told to report back to journalism school.

I'z jus Glat I dunt reed mez no Bukes. specially the TEXAS Censored for Conservative Christians and jews History School Books.Yeah, I think they left a little piece out about Thomas Jefferson IMPREGNATING a 13 year old Black SLAVE Girl. Especially when TEXAS and other CON areas are busy Locking up 20 year olds for impregnating their 17 year old Girlfriends as PEDOS. But Our FOUNDING FATHER DID IT! Just like Washington GREW HEMP! also left out By TEXAS School system Censors! WHEN will the Taco Supreme Court Rule on ALL of THAT?Saving all the Little Virgins for GOD are we? YES.

So can I buy 10,000 gallons of Venezuelan gas for a cheap 5 cents a gallon for 500 bucks, bring it back to the USA and drive my 700 horsepower beast? Sounds FAIR too. Oh wait, that Hugo was a Dictator and was BAD to his people! (Bush, Obama and CIA Claimed).No, You people are just getting Ripped Off by MOB Run Corp America and the Govt DAILY and those 2 dollar DVDs sold new in china are the price they are in other countries. See, prices are all fixed here in the USA by the jhewish MOB running these Big Corps. everything from Drugs, to Gas, to Movies to food and Booze. Amazing how a 12 pack of coors costs 13 bucks 1 mile from where its Brewed. Meanwhile Cheap TEXAN Condo Builders Killed the whole construction industry by hiring cheap illegal alien labor! and EVERYBODY had to follow to compete. then banks figured out Houses where built like cheap shacks by idiots.That should include copyright laws for movies and music made abroad and then sold here; DVD'S, CD'S and downloads from American companies with recording studios abroad etc....

It would be nice to see the top artists recording their work in foreign countries (like Canada and Mexico or Cuba, or the some other place close) then you could buy the music (or book) and sell copies in the US at reasonable prices.

Finally the absorb pricing of college textbooks has some sanity.

many of the books I read are printed off shore. sad but true

Sound like good money to me.

It is about time these ridiculous copyright protections took a strong hit! Now maybe some competition can flourish and grow! Hopefully changes for the cell phone and cable TV industry are next! I have one choice..#$%$ Comcast! There is nothing else in my area.

With this quality of investigative journalism, we shall soon see Hurley &amp; Stempel writing for CNN or MSNBC.

When it cost you over $200.00 dollars for a text book and you are in school try to save moeny and you can buy it for $100.00 you jump on this. The John Wiley &amp; Sons got money for the person in Thailand who bout the book. What John Wiley &amp; Sons don't like is they make less mony for Thailand then they do for the USA if they don't like what going on raise the price in Thailand. Don't make the Kid who try to get throuth school the bad guy.

Only two sentences and the first one got it backwards.  The court ruled against Wiley and the publisher can NOT block the sale.

How could they have ruled otherwise?  When will the court rule on the constitutionality of exemptions from environmental regulations granted extraction industries and exemption from liability laws granted arms manufacturers?   The rights of manufacturers to profit must be balanced by the rights of consumers as this ruling clearly illustrates.Strike Another One Up For 'The 1% Robert's Court Of The United States'! . . . In Case You Have Any Doubts About Where This Is Going, Don't Put Your Money On A Bob-Tail Nag. Go All-In On The New United States of the Banks, Corporations, and Manufacturers of America!

and Notice the 2 JHEWS Kagen and Ginsburg were against Re Selling of used Copywrited material which inlcudes MP3 songs, DVDs of Movies etc. Gee, would it be because the JHEWISH MOB RUNS Hollywood and the Music Industry and these Taco Supreme Court Hags were just sucking up to their fellow zionists in those industries? YEP.Now, WHY can't the PUBLIC REMOVE these JUDGES? Especially the Ones Supporting a NWO Zionist controlled Police State of Spying on the Public and Warrantless Tracking, Hacking and Snooping!Now, does anybody else ever remember VOTING to Pass a nationwide Ban on Marijuana? Do You? and Pursuit of HAPPINESS....something the Taco Supreme Court Doesn't understand.

AHHH one again the Supreme Stupid....anti American business to the end!

East fix.  Publishers, have the printing done in THIS country.