Do they have separation of church and state.  The Catholic Church needs to stay out of politics!  Putting aside the premarital issue, what about married couples who only want/can afford X number of children??  Long ago, a friend of mine had inheritted her father's bad heart.  The doctors told her she should not have another baby (they had three) because it would likely kill her.  Contraception went against their Faith and she died giving birth!  Married couples in general should not be forced to abstain from sex until they die so that they don't have more children than they want.

The Catholic Church has a chance to come out of the dark ages and maybe grow and prosper. They don't care about the poor they care about getting more parishioners (more money) and the best way is to have as many children as possible. Birth control and family planning does not fit that goal.

not to mention all the poor women forced into prostitution because of unemployment, children hired for slave labor in sweatshops and beggars on streets because of starvation and disease . the bible was a intended as a guide to all people for wisdom unfortunately the Catholic Church hasnt learned from it.

In 1940 the population of Philippines was 20 million people.  Now it is 90 million people.  If the population quadruples again, the country will burst at the seams.

Ye gods, won't *somebody* please tell the Catholic church to eff off?  Many of these people are desperately poor, living in squalor! Why does the Church *love* to see people living that way, and bringing MORE mouths they can't feed, into the world?

The church says 'it promotes promiscuity and destroys life'. What about over-population and unplanned pregnancies? The religious leaders are not focused on fixing the issue but are concerned on trumpeting their agenda by keeping the masses ignorant and under their will.The Philippines, despite being the 'most christianized' nation in Asia, is worse off than its neighbors in progress and development.Keep religion out of politics, it hampers progress.

It's okay for all the justices who halts the contraceptives laws, because they don't live in sidewalk, under the bridges, edges of the river, railroad track, islands in the middle of main road and any kind of worst places that you can think off. It's okay for all the justices who halts the contraceptives laws, because they don't pick there foods in trash can, they don't ask people for food in the restaurant, they don't steal food from other people or in the market, they don't send there kids in public school who hold there class under the trees or any open spaces they can use except for classroom, they don't tell there kids to go to the main road and beg money from passengers up to the drivers. They don't go to the line of people who are carrying bucket just to get water, they don't take a shower or do there laundry on the sides of street. I can still go on and write more about the life of over populated country like Philippines but it will do no good if we have judges who are making decisions based on there lifestyle.

The tragedy is millions will suffer from a primitive system designed for colonial rule designed a long time before civilization happened and population grew to enormous size.

My wife is filipina and I have been to the Philippines many times. The church dosent want condoms or abortions because they want many more little Catholics to show up at mass. The fathers I have spokin too all believe its a matter of self control. One should not have a child if not able to support so one should not have sex?? The Catholic church needs to get with reality. The fear of GOD is what they sell best.

MAN if there needed too be another reason for me too dislike the Catholic church... sure lets make sure those poor folk who can't afford kids either stop having sex all together (does not matter if they are married or not) and have more kids that will make them even poorer then they already are... GRRRRR. Part of my family is from this country and I really wish the "church' would just go away when I read articles like this. :(Freaking stone age goat herder myths and the fancy-dressed old celibate men who run itthis is #$%$' ridiculous!  the church doesn't care about the poor children living like rats in the slums because their parents can't afford to feed them.  WHERE IS THE CHURCH HERE? let the people decide about their reproductive choice.   The Catholic Church in the Philippines is a sham!  Padre Damaso is alive and kicking.

Sounds like the Judges got paid under the table by the catholic church. to block the law.Impeach the judges and investigate all their finances. Money buys the outcome of trials in the Philippines.

Hey catholic church, either pay to help the phillippines or shut up, you policy is flawed , its only to help the church grow and prosper by having more little catholic bodies!

the church can go and f!k itself

Telling people not to have Sex is like, telling the fox to guard the hen house but not to eat the chickens, the sun not to rise,  no more storms, Etc. Never happen, protect yourself

So, the Pope is still a dope.

The Catholic Church cares about kids before they are born, but once born, the kids are on their own.  The Catholic Church had control of the world for 400 years and look how they screwed everything up..Forget what they say and do what is right for the poor people of thePhilippines

This could be the future of the U.S. if the so-called conservatives take control. Note the lack of logic in the argument that more birth control will lead to more abortions.

Filipinos generally concede that the court system there is totally corrupt. Whoever has the most money wins the case.

Sex should only be between couples (man and woman) legally married to each other. Promiscuity and same sex union spreads the real poverty and AIDS.That country is fukd' up......they keep having children, but can't educate or raise them right, they leave them with family to raise, and most of them don't see their kids for years, the mothers either become "mail order brides",or they leave the country to work, most of them don't ever go home.

Note that most of the actual health care and care for the poor is provided by Catholics.  The people supporting this law provide basically NO health care or care for the poor, they have no interest in improving lives, they all have a financial stake in contraceptive law success.

World Health Organization – “Every minute, at least one woman DIES from complications related to pregnancy or childbirth – that means 529,000 women a year. In addition, for every woman who dies in childbirth, around 20 more SUFFER INJURY, INFECTION OR DISEASE – approximately 10 million women each year.”

Giving to the poor and giving to the church are two different things! Many churches raise enormous funds and use most of them for the upkeep and expansion of the church and its full time employees. The Catholic Church is a shining example of the enormous funds raised without it going to the poor. Granted a lot of money does wind up helping the poor, but how many charities actually have TREASURIES! (I'm not talking T-Bills!) I'm talking they have so many PRICELESS ART OBJECTS they need a safe place to store them! Have you EVER seen the massive wealth of the Vatican? Artwork of the masters, sculptures, mosaics, gold candle sticks, the Pope even has a crown of GOLD, RUBIES, and PEARLS! Value is priceless! Imagine how many mouths it could feed, how many houses it could build. But no, it's too important to sell. And they actually must SPEND money on these TREASURES to protect them and restore them.

RELIGION IS A SHAM, it has no place in modern society. Will your god feed the population and give people a livelihood? Will your prayers heal the sick? Are you waiting for miracles? Religion will continue to feed on peoples' blind faith and steal from the coffers. It will continue to manipulate its' followers and promote their agenda. It will promise nothing except empty reassurances of a better afterlife.Wake up! You only live one life, and this is your sole chance to make it better for your family and your people. Do good now NOT because your reward is heaven, do it because it is the right thing to do.

The pigs who run the Catholic cult really need to learn their place in society. They need to run their cult and stay out of politics and people's lives. They need to be brought up on criminal charges for spreading hate, intolerance, and bigotry. The Catholic Church is one of the most immoral, greedy, hate-mongering institutions in recorded history. From its persecution of Jews and homosexuals, to the Inquisition, to its complicity in the Holocaust (including the fact that the recently retired Pope is a former Nazi), to its complicity in pedophilia and denying the victims appropriate compensation, the Church has shown utter disregard for humanity, decency, morality, and the rule of law. I hope the sex abuse victims sue the Church into bankruptcy. And the Church attacks gays for being immoral? lol. Meanwhile, most of the pedophiles are heterosexual. Well if anyone would know anything about immorality, it's the Catholic Church. The farther away other Churches get from the fanatical Catholic Church, the better off they'll be. And why has Interpol not issued a warrant for the Pope’s arrest yet? And if the Church can spend hundreds of millions of dollars on hate campaigns and lawyers to fight victims, they can certainly start paying taxes. Why are the taxpayers underwriting government services for the Church? All countries around the world need to prosecute these degenerate priests and the Church hierarchy that covered the crimes up, expropriate all Church property, and tax the Church.

Here we go again the Cathoilic interfering but won"t give any solutions on how Philippines can be out of poverty  all they want is GET GET GET    they can open all the church doors  for those need shelters, food and health care,,,,

Great news! You cannot enforce a law that desecrates life.

Hmmmmmmmmmmm - these rights &amp; zhytes  are copied from the usa. Stop copying us, we are on the way to sewer pipes.

Philippines = HypocricyThe PI needs to grow up, and stop worshipping Manny Pacquiao

The Catholic Church is still in 1800's they just want as many people as possible to give money to them. They do not care about how much they suffer or how poor they are.

Philippines = billion dollar skin whitening industry

Philippines = Copy everything the United States does

Just came back from the Philippines. The Pasay river is a toilet, Manila Bay is full of garbage. 4 hours to ride a bus 40 miles. The people are dirty, the city is dirty, everything there is dirty. Can't breath the air, no air pollution controls.

This is the reason there should always be a separation of church and state!!

pope creating a law is out of the bible pope is homie

Wow, so many lies and ignorance in some of these comments. God have mercy on us all.

Now, here's a  Christian nation for ya.

This is why the U.S. should NEVER be controlled by any church.  The day it is is the day this country deserves to fall.how in the world can devices proven to prevent pregnancy INCREASE ABORTION??? god, Catholics are so stupid.

The Church of the Pedophile needs to clean itself up first.

Them little gals make the best prostitutes - hands down!

This is why church and religion are so stupid. This is a perfect example of rational thinking being controlled by those that want to control the masses. If there were no false beliefs in religion or god this planet would be a much better place for all of us. The people are already having sex and there are numerous unwanted births. Birth Contraceptives will do nothing but help the country and its expanding population!

There is a reason for all this dedication to the Lord. Satan was born there!Given the choice between going to hell or the Philippines after death, I would choose hell.Cus I already been to the Philippines for a long time, and expect more logic in hell.

Eugenics anyone?

The Didache written between 100 and 150 AD by  the followers of the apostles plainly forbids contraception, abortion, and infanticide. These are not new, they were widely practiced in the  pagan world. Any church that accepts any of these has lost it's way. The Didache begins thus " There are two ways, the way of life and the way of death., and there is a great difference between the two."

FREE MEDICAL  FREE CLOTHING  FREE FREE FREE

Leave the catholic in charge  maybe food stamps and free rent is coming