i keep trying to ignore all of this self segregation hoping it will one day go away. but it seems that the black community only wants what they feel is beneficial to them at any given moment, not thinking of any rational reasons other then  "we are black" . that is  always the "correct" thing to do. and to keep putting themselves into a whole separate america just for themselves.i am tired of the fact that i live in a country where the only other person i can hate,accuse,or dislike is another white male. and for no other reason, than because he is white... not because he is a criminal, a jerk or whatever. only because he is white! then i can dislike that person and only then it is okay for me to voice my opinion of him. but if a person of color is being a jerk and for me to actually say "this guy is being a jerk" ... i become a racist?!?

.....if I knew this was going to happen, I would of picked my own cotton.

I got to thinking something might be afoot when they made it a crime to transport fried chicken !--------If you remain quiet to injustice,at any level,... no one will be there to speak up for you, when they come for...your ...whatever...books, church, computers, food, guns...Anybody who thought this "Stop and Frisk" was not a violation of your Constitutional Right to protection from Unreasonable Search and Seizure, must be on the left side of looney tunes...Now they want to search you for guns electronically and with Drone Technology----That's worse then Stalin's Russia.Better start standing up,.... before they slap you down...permenately.

The Black race is a failure.  Most people who immigrated were unfairly labeled and taken advantage of when the first came here:  The Italians, the Irish, the Chinese, the Jews, The Koreans and many others were hated.  But they worked hard and demonstrated their abilities, became successful and contribited to society without any safety net or government aid of any kind.  Blacks have been given every benefit possible and trillions of dollars yet they continue to languish.  They are nothing but a drain on society.  Their continued dependence on the taxes collected from hard working Americans does nothing for them but generate anger and ill will towards them. Look at Detroit, or Chicago or Atlanta or any major city and you will see the damage they are doing to America.

this guy was helping someone into a "locked" building. so when the cops checked it out (frisked and handcuffed him) even though it turned out to be no crime. so the cops should turn their backs on ANYONE trying to break in to a building? regardless of color... so i were a cop and came across someone trying to enter a building without a key. i am to just take peoples word that what they are doing is no problem?! i'm sure the cops have every story in the book before... do you people understand that??!do we remember 911? so, if i try to carry on something that "might" look suspicious. the security peoples job is to detain and check it out. even though it may turn out to be nothing at all. just doing what their job is!!now this "racially profiling" comment.  "5 million" stops of black and hispanics... do they mention how many arrests were made.. i got to believe that NOT all of these 5 million people were totally innocent?!

Preventing crimes sometimes means cops will need to question innocent people. It is just the way it is.  If cops are patrolling a black area and the percent of blacks stopped is high why is that a surprise?  If you are doing something suspicious or behaving oddly, cops should stop you. Public safety is important.  If you don't think so, ask the families of people in black communities who have killed or victimized.

The ol'reliable "Race Card", what would these losers ever do without it.

The guns are found in minority neighborhoods. NYPD supposed to wait for the 1 or 2 white people who are lost or looking for drugs to come by so they can stop them?

I would rather be checked by a cop with all the others than not be checked and someone had a bomb on them that went off and I had to be buried. Get over yourselves, it's what this bleeding heart country has come too.

African  American.............notice how they use the African word first?  Yet, they don't go and help starving Africans.  And all they do is complain.Hey Africans in America, you should thank God someone grabbed up your people hundreds of years ago........or else........."you would be living in a grass hut"..............Will any of the criminals they found be allowed to testify?

Yawn...... Who cares!!!

Goofy looking fuqqers.

yes and what,75% of men in prison are black or hispanis-Good job cops !

You're an idiot if you DON'T racially profile people.

Well if the blacks did not deal drugs maybe they would not be targeted

Here is the question (omitted by yahoo) - its not illegal for a police officer to go up a person on the street at random and start asking them questions (such as what are you doing here at 3 in the morning?).  But when the person does not want to respond, does that rise to a level of "reasonable suspicion" to allow the person to be frisked (allegedly for the "safety" of the officer)?

I'll take Stop and Frisk any day instead of Rape and Kill. Sorry people but Blacks and Hispanics percentage wise commit most of the violent crimes and definitely in some of the Crime ridden areas of New York of which the population is mostly Black and Hispanic.

Guess doing what police are suppose to do is not politically correct even the racial profiling if merited.  NYC politics suck, especially the rich and conniving mayor.

I smell liberals and gimmecraps perpetration of bull sh(i)t through blacks.This is just another of the many ''CIVIL RIGHTS  MARCHES, that have been organized by the NACCP to show off ''THE BLACK POWERS'' STRENGTHS, behind our now defunked governments powers to stop the destruction of the ''american dream'' which now,is rapidly approaching M.L.K.'S DREAM!

If ten banks were robbed over a two week period and all of the robbers wore red jackets with a diagonal white stripe across the back would you be surprised if you were wearing the same jacket and you walked into a bank and were treated with suspicion?  Would it not make sense for the cops to stop and question anyone wearing that same jacket?  When a group of people commit the majority of the crime in an area they should not be offended when they are all viewed with suspicion.

If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, chances are it's a duck.....and not Mormon missionaries planning to rob you or kill you.

When you're looking for corn, you look in a corn field.You don't look in a pea patch.

Maybe the NYPD should start buying portable body scanners, since black people resent a especialy if he is a ''white  policeman''(who might be gay as well), who is trying just as hard to prove his/their  innocence or guilt by frisking him/them!

That is like going to prison and asking "who is innocent and wrongfully accused?".

This totally violates the Constitution. Anyone who agrees with this is an idiot. I would love to see a map of where these incidents are happening.bet you don't see any in the white areas of the city.

if your not guilty why complain its just like a traffic stop

maybe it has become necessary in america. to have one or two of every race known to man as a cop per every square mile. so that if a suspicious person happens to be Eskimo, they would need to send the Eskimo cop to check it out as to not offend anyone.just like a male cop must do when arresting a woman (thank god there are only 2 sexes in the world!!)and another question to "minority" americans. what percentage of ANY city's police force is exactly your race, creed, religion, color, etc.. do you intelligent, smart, overly sensitive and constently complaining americans know these statistics? because i don't! and no need to because i don't see color behind the badge.

Let's quit pretending that black and Hispanic men are not responsible for the vast majority of crime perpetrated in our nation's largest cities.Here in Panama City, FL the beach police are walking around with AR 15s in the ready position. I guess they are trying to run off all the spring breakers.

cue the violins.

it is what it is,....stop ignoring the stats, and do what you need to do to solve the problem!profiling may be a bad word to some people,...but be honest with yourself,...IT WORKS.

Stop and Frisk is saving lives, including the four-eyed twit in the photo who, if he were not shot by gun toting members of his community, would most certainly get a wedgy and have his wallet stolen and his derriere kicked.

Send all blacks back to Africa.

Hey Devin Almonor do you want some govt cheese with your whine?

City Journal has a great expose on this issue....leftist lawyers are once again trying to keep the guilty free and to allow criminals to terrorize blacks and other poor people in New York.  Thanks guys!

Interesting. The oild posts to this story have disappeared and in their place a bunch of racist posts. Yahoo, are you like the rest of the corporate media, trying to start a race war? I'll blame the Southern Poverty Law Center for this.

Kudos goes to all the cops.  Good job.

We didn't need to do that when you were SLAVES!The above comments  are made by uneducated idiots.

Almost every single one of you are racist. Its insane how yahoo even allows these nasty comments to stay up. Some of you really need to grow up.

OH NO !!!! blacks being targeted by the police, say it isn't so. We all know very few blacks are involved in crime. The overwhelming percentage of blacks in our prisons is racist and the majority are innocent (just ask them). I see another money maker for Jackson and his buddies with the race card and cries for justice. This #$%$ is really old. Not getting old, OLD.

And they steal and loot from their own so why are they defending their own?  Seems pretty stupid to me.  They should be happy that the police are trying to protect their lives and property.  And if you notice the parents of the gunned down hoodlums are clueless.  "He was such a good boy, he couldn't have had a gun?"  Idiotic!

What is the ration of black &amp; hispanic to whites when it comes to violent crimes and occupancy of our jails?  Really?

Send all whites back to Europe...dude your an idiot.

They shouldnt allow half you dipshits to comment on articles, coming from a cracker. Most of you are a bunch of washed up old men, it seems, with no place on the internet

"Send all blacks back to Africa?! You mean the continent south of Europe?  You are such a monro( Indy Dog).......You are trailer park trash!!. Those kinds of words do not hirt. Just soo disraspectivve and ugly. You say ugly things make you look ugly and so in-secure. Go back to school and get a better history of all the contribution of African Americans and other (races) in this country. Do you know there is WHITE Collar crime. Yes, incuding DRUGS,  Machine gunning little childrens in schools, Serial Killers, All by whites,First, check out your ancestry. Do you know they were the early settlers in Amercia? You notice I said (early) not the first. Your ancestors came to America. So, be careful of how you uses words. Go and make some black friends. better yet, make friends of all races to get  a better ideal and understanding that you and yours are not what you think you are. Go and read the book (Black Like Me) Your library should have that book. A person like you would be an excellent subject to use in a sub-school. Remember, in all races there is the "Good, Bad and the Ugly"

racism will destroy the fabric of the constitution creating Chaos for everybody