If  this  drinking and partying  going on  with these  teens  where  were  the  parents  that owned the  house  why werent  they  held liaiable  for  all  the  goings  on  ?

Clean house... Social media used to threaten?  Those two can join the two guys and off to jail with all of them.

Great school you have there in Stupidville.

I wonder if these 2 girls would have taken the victims place?

I think these boys should have got more time in jail . They need to make the penalties for this type of crime tougher . and these stupid girls with their threats need to be locked up for at least a year .  then any school officials that knew or covered this up needs to be automatically fired and prosecuted . Same thing goes for any parents . Also shut down their Athletic Dept . This whole thing is disgusting . Get as many as you can Mr. D.A.

Haven't people caught on that doing or saying stupid stuff on social media will get one in trouble?   Social media is what convicted the two boys.

Don't forget to charge the  parents for contributing to the delinquency and neglect of their children !!!!

They should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, and maybe then the zit-faced cretins will learn that you cannot go around threatening people without paying the consequences.

Is this really the mentality of that community?  First of all, 1-2 years is not enough time for the damage they've done to that girl's life and that of her family.  And now "Death Threats", accusing her of ripping the 16 year old tweeter's family apart.  GIVE ME A BREAK!The actions of those boys ripped the family and the community apart.  Wake up and accept responsibility for your actions, people.   That community needs to have some serious mental health intervention.

Fish rot from the head down....it looks like its going to get even more "stinky"This very sad case, opens up as many questions as it answers, the importance of which, fortunately, Mr. DeWine seems to understand and will have a grand jury examine. Young Mays and Richmond now officially guilty, sentenced and admonished by Judge Lipps, justice was done today. The work of acceptance of responsibility and rehabilitation of Trent and Ma'lik begins, I hope they succeed in learning how they were wrong and find ways to amend for the harm they've done. The survivor has been heard and believed, important validation as her brave journey and healing continue; part of which will be to learn to make more responsible choices for herself.The community, parents, school, football program all have a responsibility as well and need to reevaluate their own beliefs and attitudes on what is acceptable, responsible and right. Some of them may be seeing the courtroom themselves and paying a price for abetting and enabling their sons and athlete students.

Lot of accomplices and accessories after the fact, it seems.A village of idiots/felons.

There is not 27 positions on a football team.  I had two coaches when I was in high school.  I do not get this.

Can they just leave the girl alone? No one deserves to be taken advantage of, especially see the evidence online . I guess the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.

The Superintendent Mike McVey still only worries about their sport's program. Are you kidding me?

Every article written about this case seems to mention the football team, as if it has some bearing on the events or the outcome.  If a kid did terrible things and they're in dance, hockey, little league, chess club, and won state awards, we don't think differently about how to process and punish them, it's got nothing to do with it.  Anyone, who was aware of what went on, including the kids at the party who knew she was with them, her so called friends who let her go off with them, so on and so forth, should be charged, especially the school staff - they're required to report such activities, no matter what their personal view is.

surgical castration would be the appropriate "fix" for both of them.

If the girl who posted "you ripped my family apart" was a member of one of the families of one of the boys who assaulted that girl, then my reply is uhm, no, the slimy member of your family who sexually assaulted the girl is the one who "ripped your family apart" you ignorant beeotch.

These children are not real bright.

Where were the parents?  Oh they were trying to cover up what their kids were doing.  Looks like more folks are going to see the inside of a jailthe Rapists got off easy.

this is a terrible stiutation....all brought on by the relaxed view that parents have had for some time about children and drinking. I am so tired of hearing parents say, 'well they are ging to drink anyway, so at least I would rather they be at home when they do it'. The reality is, they are not suppose to drink because they are still children and you need to start acting like adults and responsible parents.

I cannot stress enough how happy that makes me. It's stupid how many things have happened after certain threats were made through the internet but ignored as idle cyber rants. It's about time someone got their #$%$ together and nipped it in the bud before anything came out of it. Good going.

I am so sick of everyone talking about these boys stupid decision.  What they did was absolutely wrong. But what all the other teens did was wrong too. ALL the teens should be charged with underage drinking including the victim. They ALL made stupid decisions. If one has to pay for breaking the law they all should. The mother of the victim said the parents should be charged too because their kids shouldn't have been drinking. Well, her daughter was drunk, so does that mean she be charged also? The whole situation is sad.

The ACCUESR ?!? Don't you mean VICTUM?

Bone in... porking party?

These people need to run, not walk, to their nearest mental healthcare provider.  The lack of humanity, integrity, compassion… basic human dignity is just sad.

It amazes me to hear this happening. The young boys are totally ignorant and stupid. Also if they were any sort of young man the would know that they should be able to hook up with a girl and or lady who was openly willing to do them or do what they wanted to do  Then again they may be to young. Personally i was banging women at that age and remember one married woman who did me  because her hubby would not pay attention to her. Attractive lady too

Is that Steubenville or Stupidville ? The only thing as shocking and disgusting as the two little perverts are these two teen inbreds not having the basic common sense  to avoid incriminating themselves. Cousins shouldn't marry.

Just look at smug look on there face like if they really done something good for a change. HaMost of these comments ignore the fact that the girl in question was drinking under age. How about some charges against her? She should bear some blame for this whole affair. The boys were wrong, but so was she.

I maybe considered wrong.g for this but that girl should be punished to for under age drinking yes the rape was wrong them boys r gonna serve there time and they will learn from there mistake but the fact that she gets off cuz she is a victim is wrong she should be punished for underage drinking done deal