A tip for new buyers. Stay  away from B of A.  They cheated me and several hundred others. Check out , complaints B of A,  on Google.

Using the word 'may' in the second sentence indicates the writer knows as little as everyone else on the topic.

I have been seeing a lot about these new micro homes on Yahoo. Better than an apartment to me if they come with some yard.

Ya.  Just building rental housing for the Middle Class.  Because, Soon no one will be able to afford a house of their own.  Under the New U.S. Government Plans.  The Middle Class (average American) will Lease their auto's and Rent their homes.  Middle Class is so Doomed.  However, they can buy a T.V. at Wal Mart on Black Friday. (laugh)

The numbers are down this month because like the employment numbers, they were artificially increased for Sept to make obama look good for the election.

Not true, and you noticed the article quotes no home builder. I am a renovation contractor and the majority of construction is renovation and it is not coming back. Yahoo leans far left in their political views and this article is trying to help the dud in chief. I live in Northern Va where out of this depression is the best area in the country and even commercial is hurting. The majority of permits is in home renovation and without equity in the homes and bank lending there is not much out there for us. The industry has no confidence, companies are going out of business and illegals are making even worse. I own a 32 year old company that has been decimated staring in 2006. This recession did not start for us in 2008 but starting in 2006. Yahoo is doing every thing to help this lame President. The only construction is up is apartments for those who were kicked out of their homes. Again, there are no people quoting or saying their is strong confidence in this industry other than some unknown economist and a survey that is most likely skewed. Don't believe it people, it is all bull sht. It is all political to help this fool in the White House whose made things even worse for us. Not true Yahoo so keep spinning your lies with the AP press.

So Yahoo, what are you suggesting, that Obama's economy is ok afterall?  Too little too late.—23 Million Unemployed or Underemployed—47 Million on Food Stamps—5.5 Million Homes in Crisis/Foreclosure—$4500 Drop in Household Income—$5.5 Trillion of New Debt—$716 Billion in Medicare Cuts—$2.6 Trillion for Obamacare—$1.9 Trillion in New Taxes in Obama’s Budget—100% Increase in Gas PricesVOTE ROMNEY &amp; SAVE AMERICA (he's not perfect but excels in financial matters)

Who is building?  Who is buying?  People with money.  Who has money? hmmmmm well it's not the average American

Yesterday, builders themselves were less confident about their industry. Today we have economists telling us that, basically, the builders were wrong.It's all getting rather tiresome.

"US builders likely started work on fewer homes in February but construction is improving"  Huh??