Francis took the name of Francis of Assisi for a reason. He begged people not to come to his inauguration but instead watch it on t.v. and give the money it would cost to come to the poor. He lived in a one room hut and took care if himself snd used public transportation to go work in the slums. He is castjng off most the regalia of the church and chastizing the church to be a church of the poor. He took them on a couple of years ago about their corruption and greed and plans to reform the work. The ad to become a Franciscan is 'Day shift. Night Shift. Life shift. Become a Franciscan.' And Francis is behsving in the spirit and in his actions the words and deeds of a Franciscan-of Francis of Assisi. I am a secular Franciscan and havr practiced voluntary simplicity most my life. We need a reformer and a healer anf here you have it. By the way, Francis did not perform miracles-altho they happened all around him-his miricle was love. As others were skways about me, me, me, Francis of Assisi was always about you, you, you.

Lynn, are you an Associate of the Order of St. Francis, or a member of the Third Order of St. Francis?  I have friends, both Priests in the Episcopal Church, who are members of both groups.

I am not catholic but this new pope seems to be an honest and sincere man who loves the people.  Hopefully he will clean up the mess and bleach the stain off his church.

That's the way John Paul II was before some nutcase tried to kill him.  Some semblance of security, unfortunately, goes with the office.

He should be careful.   Too many crazies out there now.

I am not Catholic but like this new Pope very much. He seems down to earth.

so far, I like this guy

Doing what a Pope should do. Sounds like those dudes in red did it right.

Awesome. we need a pope who's with the people. Security is obviously less important than fostering love - a true man of God.Department of Homeland Security should take a lesson from Pope Francis - that sacrificing freedom for safety at all times - is not genuine life.

Wow, such a renegade pope. He talks to people like they are humans and even touches them. He's so special.

God is blessing our `Pope Francis ` !!he is 76. he knows he is going to heaven. that is the peace of mind that is allowing him this opportunity. just chill and hit your knees before you hit the sack tonight.

OMG!! Papal security must be going nuts trying to keep the Pontiff safe. I hope they don't let him start crowdsurfing! :)

A man of the people. Humble and not proud.  Pope Francis is changing the opinion of the church quite rapidly.  It is good to see a man of such character hold such a lofty position and not become overcome by its power.  The church got lucky with this choice to lead them.  Maybe there is divine intervention.  Pope francis is a good man and will make positive change in the future.

Truly a man of the people... God bless Pope Francis.

Sounds like they made a good choice.

If he can balance a budget I would vote for him as president.

You go, Frankie!!

A. build your power base with the common folk.B. reorganize the church hierarchy with the permission and encouragement of his power base, the common folks

It is nice that he wants to do all that but the crazies are going to see him as prey.

The Popes security detail must be on edge regarding this.The guy checked himself out of his hotel, paid the bill in cash and hefted his bags.  Not bad.

I'm not even Catholic but I know a "People Person" when I see one.I think he's gonna turn out to be the right man for the right time. Just what the Catholic church needs right now. Just what the WORLD needs right now.Hear that David Cameron, Angela Merkel, Francois Hollande, Vladimir Putin, Barack Obama, Ban Ki-moon? Francis might be the man the world needs right now. A POPE!! You loser, head-of-state, pathetic excuses for "world leaders" sure ain't doing anybody any good.

So many negative people, such empty lives, so much darkness

Love how the expressions of the security show they feel a tad overwhelmed!

He better be careful. Remember the lady who kept tackling Benedict? She's still loose.

Pope Francis seems to be just the breath of fresh air and change that the Catholic Church needs right now.

I love Pope Francis....God bless him and keep him for us!

This guy's incredible...he deserves to be Pope.

Stay a man of the people.

God bless Pope Emeritus Benedict and Pope Francis. We love you!pope for the people...I LOVE POPE FRANCIS

Well,its nice to hear the pope is a more real person,and not just some old guy in a robe and a fancy hat sitting on a gold throne

Viva il  Papa.  I love this Pope.  I believe he will change the world for the better.

Per The Telegraph (UK): "Pope tells Vatican to prepare for change". "Pope Francis has put the Vatican hierarchy on notice of sweeping changes as he prepares this week to study a secret report into skulduggery and intrigue within the Church's governing body...On Saturday, the Pope ruled that senior administrators in the Vatican bureaucracy will temporarily keep their posts while he studies what changes may be required". There was also a photo of Swiss Guards literally on top of him in the crowd. Plainclothes security detail at their side. First time I've seen that happen. Guess this Pope really is difficult to control. The Swiss Guards are native Swiss militia men and they're as tough as nails.

I like Pope Francis very much and I think he will do great things with the Catholic Church. I'm a lapsed Catholic but he may inspire me to return to my faith.

A Jesuit Pope is an intelligent Pope who thinks only of others and not of himself or his safety.  The world will soon learn what a Jesuit is and what a positive difference a Jesuit can make for the Catholic Church and we will be surprised as to his knowledge and grasp of religion, politics and most of all the his method of gathering the flock who left the church to return to the church they left in earlier years.  We will soon witness a Pope of and for the people.  I'm willing to bet he won't use the Pope-mobile and will choose to walk instead and be with his flock.  Pope Francis is the Pope for the people and we had better get use to him and his way of living his life.

He's being absolutely true to himself, but I wonder how long he can keep it up? Popes have set themselves apart from the crowds not just as a matter of privilege or prestige -- although that has certainly had something to do with it -- but because the sheer numbers of people to deal with personally becomes unmanageable otherwise, sooner or later. He may find the same, no matter how humble he is.

Headline News: The Pope is a human!  I appreciate his desire to be different, but kind of dangerous to be so unprotected given the history of violence against the church.

I´m starting to like this guy and I´m not even a religious man.  He may have groupies before to long :)  I like his style but I hope he realizes the Pope Mobile was made for a reason.  All it will take is one nut case with a gun.  I wish him all the best.

With God's help, Francis will become a powerful force for good in the world.  He must be wary of the secular press/'media who will be lurking in the shadows.This is how it should be but I am fearful for his life.

This is the way the pope (and the church) should be.  No flash, no extravagence, just a pastor bringing the simple and joyful Gospel to the world.  Such as it was with first pope, Simon Peter, who did not wear gold crosses, fine silk robes and fancy hats.  He followed Christ in sandals and slept under a bridge.  Best to you, Pope Francis!

He should be good for the Church and Religion !

I do pray....for his good works and to strengthen our country's commitment to the poor and to integrity.  Even harder, I pray he will not pour on more blame or hardship on those already pushed around and judged too much.  It would look like too much protest and it would hurt so many many good fine people and hearts.

Interesting security procedures. Any lunatic looking to make a name for himself could walk right up to the pope, but toddlers and 90 year old grandmothers have to be strip searched before getting on a plane.

It's the papal mosh pit!

I'm not Catholic but I have a good feeling about this Pope.

God and Christ exist without the Pope and the Church.

The atheist nit wits will not be able to restrain themselves from commenting. As usual they continue to be obsessed with the Roman church.

I fear for his life.  He needs to move back and be more reserved when dealing with crowds.I really hope I'm wrong, he seems like a decent, thoughtful, reflective man.But I wonder how long Francis will last.Remember, The Pope is a symbol of Catholicism, and there are people that would like to destroy the Church, some to benefit their own churces and some to destroy all churches.He really should be careful.  In any position of leadership, you must make decisions that will be unpopular.That's all it will take for some nut to try something crazy and/or stupid.

LOL..when I first saw that headline I thought the Pope attacked a crowd single handed,waded into em like a Catholic Warrior..LOL

This Pope has the common touch. He will be liked.

I hope they are taking precautions as the World at large is a very unsafe place.  His security team are going to develop ulcers quick.

He's for real and people want real.

Is Yahoo catholic?

The Church may have finally found someone who thinks he is not above the people.  He may be good for the church.  Still too conservative for me, but a move in the right direction.  He is humble, I like that part of him.

I am not a catholic nor religious. However, good for him. Humble and down to normalcy.

I like this man.Granted he most likely is not going to change any thing.but he is getting out there with the people. and that makes people feel special. like they are worthy of his time.I wish him well l

"This is the captain of the Pope's security force. We need more bodyguards, immediately!"Finally a humble humain pope. This is what the church should be about; not building wealth. We don't need churches the size of small cities, we need a church that is humble and cares for the ordinary  folk.

His initial comments and actions are telling those of Catholic faith that he is about moving the Church in a very different direction.Get ready, world; I sense it's going to be a very interesting papacy.

He walks into the crowds. He is not afraid but inspired.

I am not catholic, and will never meet him, but would like to. He seems real. If his prior actions are a life calling. GOD bless his motives!

Nomad-there gave been two catholic popes who were black. You dont like a Pope from Latin America? Maybe you should check out your history before you scream racial predudice. How many blacks are Catholics?

Must be a Ravens fan.

Ever see a member of Royalty try this? A Pope is in a Win Win situation when he's with the crowd because a Pope knows he's in Heaven come what may. Royalty like Henry VIII burn in Hell on the other hand by Papal authority ironically. LOL.

..... Pope Francis is doing exactly what is needed to be done in today's crazy and lost world.... he is one of us, and as such he will walk with us...... we need his vision, his strength and his guidance........ they picked the right man for the job!

I'm not Catholic but I think they made a good choice.  I wish Pope Francis well.

New Pope. New day. Hope things work out for him and his followers.What do you know... I think we might have a Martin Luther on our hands. Only this one actually wants to FIX the church, not just leave it and start another one.

I'm not Catholic but love this guy. I'm scared for him and don't know why. Perhaps its because he seems like we would expect to represent Christianity in the context that he is doing and we never thought it would happen.If I had whatever it took, I would become a catholic now as I really believe he will make them clean their act up!

John Paul II showed the way I hope  this new Pope will follow his footsteps.

At least he appears more friendly and not as stuck up as the last one :)

Most of what the church has is priceless.  It was donated not to be sold.  Most churches are only making it day to day.  Look at the mega churches!  I was to the one in Houston, Joel Osteen.  They bought an arena!  They pass the bucket.  Joel travels around with his wife "Preaching".  Quit attacking just the Catholic church!  Even if they sold everything there would still be poor.  But then education brings more out of poverty.

Viva il Papa Francesco!  Maybe this is the safe way to dialogue with the public, go right in among the masses, plenty of bodies to protect the Pope's person.  He is thus not such an easy target for some sniper.  Of course, there is always the possibility of being stilettoed...Let us pray not!

A pleasant surprise - very impressive!

i like this guy.  I would prefer Pope Frank as my neighbor as opposed to the O'Bamas.

'Pope staggers into crowds, surprising onlookers'

Where's Waldo? Now can we play finda the Pope-a in the pizza?Just kidding but sounds crazy to walk around unprot6ected in a crowd.You never know when some nutty Muslim might do something crazyHe has FAITH!

If only people would get that excited about Jesus as they do getting to touch the pope Christianity would be much better in the Catholic Church!!!

The Pope's huge 3/16 media conference and his 3/17 Angelus are on YouTube, filed under EWTN. Looks like that's where a lot of his events will be online.

So, if we are made in god's image why aren't we invisible? Or is he an invisible primate with chimpanzee DNA links like us? Gee whiz...a dum dum could get all confused thinking about it...

As much as I am loving Pope Francis - I am really feeling for his security! They are having to try and second guess him and once they think is going left, he turns right!  Don't get me wrong I love the fact that he is trying to live simply and make the Church a simpler one - they way that it was always meant to be - helping the poor, making sure that the people who need the most are looked after the best, but I also know that there is some nut case out there who is going to take advantage of him and try to kill him.  I hope his security detail figures him out fast and I don't envy them that task!

Cool Pope. He is going to cause security guards nightmares. He likes to get with the people and talk to them.

This pope rocks, and I hope he shakes up the church and puts it in the 21 century, its about time they have some change.

Peple are hoping that the new Pope will bring on a change to his church.There is a fundamental difference between a "change" and a "rejuvenating". Change implies becoming something new. Church can not be turned into something new.  But it can be rejuvenated, rediscovered, reinvented  and revigorated.  To do just that, Church must recover the zeal and the spirit of first century Christans, she  must be willing to do what they did and to pay the price that they paid.

Awesome! Hes in public doing the deal! Saying G0D IS! In control here. Be it G0Ds will for me to live 0r not? Not my call. iM just here to do my job. Rest up to G0D. Amen. Halleluia!

Did we have to send Biden? really!It is nice to see that there is common sense in this country. Even though we are not Catholic country we need to respect CC for whatit is.

This time, The Holy Spirit  has done a good job picking the Peter's successor. Before St. Francis became a convert, he overheard God's calling: Francis, go and fix my Church! That's exactly what Pope Francis will do  - he is going to fix the ailing  Church.

I am not a Catholic and I love Pope Francis already. The world desperately needs the values and the style by which he lives and leads. Viva Francisco!

seems like he may be like JPII. we may have a "people's" pope this time again, in the spirit of JPII.

Pope Francis is a true public servent.  Obama, who is also a public servent, is the complete opposite.  He and Michelle are spending  Americans money on lavish vacations and opulent White House dinners with Hollywood entertainment when there are a record number of Americans on food stamps and many have no hope for a job.

Libneral hate on full display here today.  Why are they such degenerates?

It would of been really cool if did a trust fall off the balcony into the arms of the crowd below.

Good for him.  A humble man.

I have faith in the fact there are no gods...You live in fear of offending an invisible mind IDOL...that is not faith at all....

LORD OBAMA could learn a little humility like this.This Pope brings hope. To those of you who are critical of his his position as Pope I realize you worship the Devil.

yahoo comments-filled with the hatred of pagans making a whipping boy of a Christian in Rome. truly, nothing new under the sun.

As a Roman Catholic born and raised, I am encouraged but also hope that this guy has the BALLS to deal with all of the corruption, perversion, and coverups under his watch.

Life was not fabricated by an invisible man...It is the result of catalytic chemical hypercycles far from equilibrium in open systems driven by a constant input of energy... [solar and volcanic]...Is there anything else I can clear up for you today?

I wonder what would happen if he waded into a crowd of Muslims.

Wow, so refreshing, someone that might cut through all the #$%$ and get to the essentials.  I love his free spirit and bringing the papacy to where it is to be a servant of the people, not all the trappings, which really have nothing to do with the mission of the church.  Hope that he will start kicking butt from the top and bring the boys club into line, some of those "princes of the church" need to get back to the basics,  They should be cardinals only because of their ability to bring Christ to the people. Francis has brought the church,(Jesus Christ) closer to the people.  I am touched that people can get close enough to pat him on the back, and that he would stand outside the parish church to greet the Mass goers, I believe he is going to leave the Vatican buildings to bring Christ to the people.

At the risk of being tried and convicted for this thought.  Does this Pope want to be murdered?  Hasn't he been advised of previous assassination attempts on Previous Popes?

His security team must be having nightmares, still a great gesture and a lot of courage on his part. kudos!

The best way to create something ......is to look at the ones that are in need, Then all you have to do is provide them with something and they can look at you as a god or a man of character.  Riding tall in your own ego/religion is  conflicting.   Give this a whirl.......Treat all with equality.  Uh, oh.  Label me this. &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

I'm not a Christian. But it's nice to see him not sitting up in an ivory tower, but being with the people who love him like a demi god.umm, I think the only one who was really surprised was the author of the article-seems like this is what to expect with the current Pope of the Catholic Church! And refreshing to see.....

There is still hope...... if the Cardinals can elect such a man of the people, perhaps the U.S. can find a way to remove obama from  office........

Love this Pope.

Can anyone here tell me how a person can get to Heaven?

I think the recent conclave just made a very, very good choice on Pope Francis.Meek, simple, reaching-out, wise, pro-poor.

Religion the justification for war since man.  If you would read something about what religion has done to people in the past and present .....I would think a man with a mind would question.

I Hope the Pope will wake up .......People are People ........My bad...The church is moving like a very slow clock.  Sometimes it seems they move to the past.  I would think Jesus would want all to move to the future.  That is all what he was all about.... Think about it.

I like this guy he doesn't try to act like he is some sort of a god! an doesn't try to feed the poor with prayers but with actual money an food good deed thank you Francis!!

Let's see if he's really different beyond the gestures.

Good start, but it remains to be seen if any of the real issues in the catholic church will be addressed and if so, how long before they are put into actionthats cool if it is.

He was giving brothers high fives and smacking the fine ladies on their bottoms and winking at the little boys and the teenage boys too.

I wonder if he'll do away with all the bullet proofing on the Pope-Mobile

This is totally a new pope in history.1. A pope wading into the crowds along the street of Vatican, and shaking hands with them.2. A pope preaching (not reading) at the Church from his own senses without looking at or reading the written script on front of him3. A pope laughing out in public, or smile always.4. A pope saying Popes should make Catholic to see and serve Jesus Christ than popes.5. A pope saying Catholic should be poor and serve the poor.6. A pope walk on his feet from his room to the Cathedral where he is to attend mass. Not carried by car.ETC ETC ETC ETCOne day, this man will read bible in front of the members and start to preach like Pastors, I do not think addicted Catholic members like these NEW characters of him. This is totally a new pope in history.

frank rules.

Best of good fortune to Pope Francis in his wading into the crowds foray.However, Your Holiness, that Popemobile is there for very good reasons.

I am not a catholic, how I wish other pastors can follow the Pope Francis way of life as testified to be a selfless father.

A good movie about this subject is "Shoes of the Fisherman" with Antony Quinn. Excellent and timely.

Not gonna live very long that way....

If this new Pope has a vow of poverty, then maybe he'll start selling off the vast treasures in the Vatican to feed the poor starting with the solid gold Pope ring he received.....Awesome :)

"Wades into crowds" - really? Why not a more real headline like "visits with followers"

Wheres his teleprompter.... just kidding.

Looks like we finally have a fit successor to John Paul II.

hell, Mitt almost won.........

Damn good racket..........................................

Religion.........I love it.....Sometime when the religion fits your own life and it is safe and secure that can be a great thing.  However,  When a religion teaches hate,  You and I will have a problem.   Some of you do it without even knowing your doing it.  That is why I am here kids. Always will be.

I'm not Catholic,but I hope he will be a good Pope.So far,so good.I like his friendly manner.It's time for morality to be restored to the Vatican.The scandals have damaged all Christians,not just Catholics,who deserve far better leadership.I wont be changing,though.I'm very happy with my church.

I love the aura of pure HUMILITY around this man. This man was what the church needed to move forward. I just hope he doesn't mingle too much with the churchgoers... the papacy has always been a target for looney birds.

He's going to have to stop doing this. The ramifications if a terrorist goes after him are endless. And the Pope's protection detail is pretty weak as it is. The same deranged middle aged woman who managed to knock over Benedict in 2008 had gotten within feet of him one year before.Crowd control is hard, and with old men, even being knocked over can be career ending or even fatal."Remember the Poor" a Cardinal sitting next to Francis said to him upon his election - so that is the reason Cardinal Jorge B took the name of Francis.And I know that this is going to sound horrible and sound judgmental but so true but why is VP Biden going the the Papal Mass for Pope Francis' inaugural Mass??? Biden is yolked to a man who believes in and allows abortions. How is the president any different than Herod and Herod's Massacre of the Innocents - the first Christian Martyrs.Biden has been heard making comments like: I am VP who happens to be Catholic - prove it Biden!

Different, decidedly different.

Apostolic succession is not biblical. The concept of apostolic succession is never found in Scripture. What is found in Scripture is that the true church will teach what the Scriptures teach and will compare all doctrines and practices to Scripture in order to determine what is true and right. Alignment with Scriptural teaching, not apostolic succession, is the determining factor of the trueness of a church. It is Scripture that was to be the infallible measuring stick for teaching and practice (2 Timothy 3:16-17). It is the Scriptures that teachings are to be compared with (Acts 17:10-12). Apostolic authority was passed on through the writings of the apostles, not through apostolic succession.

Viva il Papa

Is it safe to just set the pope loose in a crowd like that? What if he bit someone?

I am impressed with the new Pope so far. He seems to get it!

Maybe televangelist will get a clue and stop robbing God's people to get rich.

It's all made up to conveniently let this nobodaddy off the hook for the bad things yet grab credit if some one gets lucky and not killed in plane wrreck or hits the lottery...or finds a parking spot...You cannot claim all these powers when things are good but not when things are bad..Only an idiot can keep deluding themselves in the face of such obvious Confirmation Bias..By your own canons and creeds this god is supposed to be a protector and healer... and then he lets his hand picked priests rape his followers kids... you are barking mad to defend this lunacy...

Without more, all this article should tell you is that the Media likes him.

Go Pope ........Go.........Heel the child that died.........I wish you luck.  Go Pope go,  Wars are killing millions  ...........go pope go........I am tired pope.  to many promises.Maybe he can organize a soccor game Catholics vs Protestants

That is whatn I call humility and love of the highest level, it iswhat Jesus Christ would have done

i just love him.  God bless him.

Everyone follows religion by way of tradition, do some research and you'll find out that religion is nothing but a man made business. What makes a preacher or a pastor better then you? you think "God" discriminates and only talks to preachers?

I like this guy a lot better that Benedict. Sorry, but I got an evil vibe from him.

I think this man will be a wonderful pope.  Although this looks dangerous, i feel as though God will protect him, just as he protected Pope John Paul II.  From what i can see, he is a very humble man and will be a great leader.  Hopefully he will unite all religions so that the world may live in peace and harmony with one another and put down our arms. The world needs change and that change starts with love for God and others.

anybody else notice how all the guards surrounding the pope in the picture don't look happy at all...

This is a violent world and I fear the safety for this Pope. Such a gentle Giant

He won't last long that way!

I am happy that he ventures like that ,but is not safe, any maniac can go and shoot him he needs to be very careful because we need him for a long time .Here is love for all to witness a Pope that is down to earth.

This almost erases all of the pedophilia... but not really, it is still s sick snd corrupted church!

I 356 will take this oath .......I will move forward....I will not have a "man" made power above me.  My god is mine.  Do not tell me how I worship,  my peace with god is just that peace.  If you want to donate to others, that is your choice.  I'll be damed if others tell me my relationship with God.

The psychotic zombies need to touch him to be granted his supernatural power. Given half a chance, they would tear him limb from limb and store his shreds in jars of  alcohol or embalming fluid.

god sure is invisible....almost like he's not even there ;)

Ok ..why don't we just stop virus research, after all evolution is just a theory....We can just wheel god in and he will make the bad things go away....[funny how that is yet to happen]...

That photo looks like it could have been very dangerous...

This man is humble and kind and wants a POOR Church!!! He's gonna shake up the Catholic church. (In a good way) Cardinals, Priests and Bishops won't be driving around in new Cadillacs any more...

This is a true pope of the people. He needs to truely understand that every muslim in the world wsnts him dead. He cant be walking around in the open like this. Even jesus wasnt safe. That was a couple thousand years ago. God bless this pope

Compare and contrast Pope Francis with Obama.The world hates Christ but loves His new Vicar? What marvel is this? When Pontificalis Romani is purported to be the law of the Church vis-a-vis Sacramentum Ordinis strange things comes to pass.

anyone remember the movie THE SHOES OF THE FISHERMAN? there is the similarity, only that POPE FRANCIS is for real.

what the hell is so great about that.....

Walking into the crowd, he is living very dangerously. At this rate it will just be a matter of time before some Turk or other type of muslim tries something.

I'd like to see him stage dive into the crowd.

SHOOT HIM! SHOOT HIM HAWKEYE!!!

"Francesco! Francesco!" children shouted his name in Italian. As he patted one little boy on the head, he asked "Are you a good boy?" and the child nodded."Are you sure?" the pope quipped, as he fondled the child's weewee.

I pray that God will keep Pope Francis humble and sincere. Make him a good leader of Catholics throughout the world.  We need someone like Francis to  show us the true way.  God bless him.

I love how the anti-catholic bigoted trolls foaming from the mouth are getting massive amounts of thumbs down.Let me tell you something, judging somebody/something on past actions is a terrible policy. By those standards germany is still a fascist country and we should nuke them, a ex-meth addict turned community helper is still a meth addict ect....By judging the past of an organization you discourage change because you are saying "no matter how much better or moral you get, i still wont forget -fill in the blank-, no matter how much you correct yourself, apologize, and try to re-build i'll still remember -fill in the blank-."

Are you a good person?Are you sure?I hope and pray that this Pope lasts much longer than the other one he is very much like in his style and substance, Albino Lucciani, better known as Pope John Paul I.  In everything he says and does, he demonstrates that he is a simple pastor who gets it... his mission is the care of his flock, not the fattening of the Curia or the fattening of the accounts of the Vatican Bank.

Nothing garners more political support than shaking hands and kissing babies. Worldly wise this man.

I like this Pope already! But he should be more careful in huge crowds like that. All it takes is one lunatic.

hey yahoo, stop changing my words........Freedom of Speech......Remember?

I do not need a Pope--I have the real deal.   Jesus is His name and only deserves thehighest praise and adoration.

The cardinals in the conclave know very well now that they made a grave mistake in 2005.

Sheep are stupid. It's why they need a shepherd. They have to be told what to do and think.

What does this guy even do? Doesn't he just sit around in his threads. What a stupid religion.

Those people are nuts!  So much hullabaloo about just another human being.  Nuts!

Is this Pope going to go on Leno and make a rap song?Obama Would never do this, He has No Real followers.

Brainwashing maybe.  Reality no.  A combination of the two will adequately fit the man.  As long as you fit in yours ,  I will fit in mine.  That is what the church is saying,  they all do it.   That has been a consistent theme since it all began.

Does he think that god is going to protect him any more than he protected John Paul II?

Could Francis become the first body-surfing pope?

We are all humans. We are still supertitious to varying degrees. We`are also dogmatic and fearful of Hell and life after death. We are spiteful and violent. We are not Christians in Spirit.We make God feel ashamed of his universe and what man has done to other men.Islam is a violent religion.Judaism and Islam still believe in bloodshed and animal sacrifice.Christian Nations are War Mongers and Extortionists.Can the Pope do anything?Can the Pope lead a change for a better World?Only time will tell.So far, it's a good beginning.

He keeps glad-handing the Great Unwashed like that he gonna catch a hot one....             (he he he...)

If he wants to impress this Catholic then do something about the pedophiles. This nonsense about it's not a crime but a sickness is unreal. Hold them accountable and bring people back to church.

Great way to get assasinated. Be careful cause there are people out there that cares not for your position. I'm not Catholic but i wish you luck in your quest.

anyone remember the movie THE SHOES OF THE FISHERMAN?  very down to earth.

You would think God himself was standing there. Sad how people worship other people. Be it a pope or a president or a rock star.Fence in front of him and six guys surrounding him. Someone needs to learn the definition of wade.

With his new style of Papacy It wont be long before his head is removed from his shoulders.

Just like Princess Diana did!

Pope Francis has captured the hearts of Catholics world-wide.  His obvious sincerity and humility are amazing, coupled with a sense of humor which he will surely need when the problems start to stare him in the face.  I only hope that the secular media would not nit pick at everything he does and says.  As he said, there is no politics in the Church--it is a spiritual institution, and sometimes, the secular media does not understand that.  Let us pray that the Holy Spirit guide Pope Francis, the cardinals and bishops and priests, and--lest we forget--let us pray for Pope Emeritus Benedict, as he deals with the situations God sends him.

Start liquidating the church's hundreds of billions in assets and then I'll believe you're a man of the poor.

We are sorely in need of a pastor who shows and exercises humility to the benefit of his faith and his church. I am not Catholic but I can already see where this pontiff's humility and overall style is going to go a LONG ways towards growing the Catholic Church as long as the Gospel of Jesus Christ continues to be taught. How long will we have Pope Francis? Only the LORD knows but I will continue to pray for the pope's ministry and outreach as long as he lives. I believe that this man has a servant's heart and I welcome him into his pontificate. May GOD bless and use this man's ministry.

My late mother who didn't have a lot things given to her would be extremely proud what the catholic church gave her. Someone who can touch the poor and bring a little happiness.I might go back to church and pray a little for her.

So the Catholic church started wars, murdered innocents, tortured many, supported slavery, raped children and hid the pedophiles... but hey... you are all born again by Francis Christ!

I wish no ill will to this person - but folks he just a person- right place at the right time to be elected not made into a saint- he is just a person.  Please catholic wake up and reform the church.

What's the point pretending to be poor when you have a Tax Free Kingdom, a fat Vatican Bank, and crooks in Italy managing the money. Will the Vatican give away her Gold and Silver? To whom? It is not as if the Church is lacking in humble, holy priesthood who can be Pope. But politicians in Rome, London. Paris, New York and all the Big Banks control the Vatican Vault. Pope John Paul I was as a humble and as honest a man as Pope Francis is trying to be. Pope John Paul I was poisoned by Corrupt Vatican Officials who were not prepwred to see a humble church with a poor Pope. Will Pope francis survive the life he wishes to lead? A greedy clergy with mafia connections? A church with sexual lust amongst the celibate clergy? God help Pope Francis. He is just a man like us leading a human institution. The Church does not need all that wealth in gold bullions when there is so much suffering and misery around the world.Anyone who insults the Pope around me better duck.

Not safe.  Too many muslims!!

Best Pope ever elected, Congratulation to the rest of the Cardinals for a job well done.

All previous elected popes did the same but the papacy is not a popularity contest for the news media like Pope John Paul II exhibited at times it is a hard, difficult crown of thorns inherited from Jesus Christ as Pope Benedict XVI and Pope Pius XII  knew, Pope John Paul II found out and Pope Francis will also within do time find out !

Paul, the Apostle taught that the most important virtue was charity. "Charity never faileth." Pope Francis appears to value that virtue. I expect a lot from his leadership. He could turn the Vatican upside down. Let us all pray for him and his success. /s/ A Mormon who values Charity.

Let me make this as clear as possible:  DO NOT WORSHIP POPE FRANCIS.He is only a human being just like everyone else on this planet.  He has sinned before just like every one of us and he too needs a Savior just like we do,  namely Jesus Christ.  It is amazing how people treat a Pope as worthy of great adoration.  People openly cry and want to touch him when he mixes with the crowd.  Stop it.  Believe in Jesus Christ,  the one who was hammered to the cross to pay the penalty for our sins and rose from the grave.  Then you will have everlasting life.  That is God's promise.  Romans 6:23 says in part...The gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.  eternal life is a gift of God, you DO NOT earn it.  Jesus earned it for you through His Sacrifice on the Cross.

when the environment are moving and oneself is compensating for all the changes... somethings just have to consume the other ,...its all written to fulfill the prophecy..may the kingdom come ..amen

Party popers.

Bless his soul,thank you lord.

anyone that thinks this is anything other than a PR stunt will be mistaken.may God protect this man

While it's nice of him to not appear beyond the average person's reach we must remember that the crowd's reaction is just one more confirmation that representatives of the Catholic church are considered to be "better/closer to God" than any of us which is patently false. Bible believing Christians are the true Saints not those canonized by the "Church."

"All hail the great Bergoglio!! I need teepee for my popehole!"

If he plans to help the poor I hope he spends time in America because king Obama's bankrupting the country.

Sorry people, the pope's a republican so your Obama comments are worthless.

John Paul II did the same thing at the beginning of his papacy. Reality will hit home soon enough when the Pope and his new entourage realize the streets of Rome, as with all large world cities, are a very dangerous place for the head of the CC to be walking around in.

The liberal hates any thing moral thus they attack the church and the Boy Scouts.  In the same breath they prasie homosexuals.  It shows what filth they truely are.

About as meaningful as a boy band wading through a crowd of teenage girls. Wake me up when actually DOES something different.

I'm sure he'll be moving a child-molesting priest to another parish very soon. Sad.

the man of his people. im inpressed. good for him. there is hopeBeing a pope is not about winning a popularity contest.  That's what John Paul II focused on and did absolutly nothing about the sex abuse and other problems in the church.  I hope he's not another John Paul II.  We'll have to wait and see.

Status is everything... if he did not reach such a luxurious seat, no one would even know that he existed. Just more celebrity worship.

Viva il Papa

It is time for every religion to be dismantle.It seems that most phedophiles and devil worshipers are imposing mind control techniques, and EVIL to cow down to Satan is the END GAME.Running amuck are BORN AGAIN CHRISTIANS, especially those affiliated with Saddleback Church, Trinity Broadcasting, that Lakewood minister (tv), etc.  They are involve with multi-theater stalking, vandalism, and I bet they will go as far as murder.  These people are DANGErOUS, and I would not befriend them.  I find it uncanny that these #$%$ feel they have the RIGHT to tell me how to SPEND MY MONEY.  How to repair my home, and what contractor to use.  These #$%$ should mind their own #$%$ business and stay the #$%$ out of my home, include my #$%$ viet namese #$%$ heads.I am hedging these #$%$ are responsible along with Jacob Chakroun with my murder attempt.

all you gay boys keep dreamin about fondling little boys........but if you come to mi casa i will bareback you....and make you forget them lillt ones.

I am not a Christian , but still loves the new POPE!His face has the same spiritual presence as John Paul 2.God Bless!

Pope John Paul II tried this as well, looks like his reign will be short. Don't throw away the ballot boxes.

The Pope is the Obama of organized religion.

Such inspiration from a church that has made a reputation of hiding and protecting baby rapists!

I am happy with Pope Francis. He is reinvigorating my Faith. I am a Catholic, a lukewarm one though my Faith is deeply rooted and can not be shaken. However, the world is so strong for me, I am a sinner. But reading what he said yesterday that is - NOT TO TIRE ASKING FOR GOD'S FORGIVENESS COZ HE IS ALWAYS THERE, READY TO FORGIVE US, I feel like, yes, that is what I always believe.I keep on sinning almost everyday but after sinning, I ask for God for forgiveness and to do better the next time around. It is like a cycle in my entire adult existence.I thank God for giving us a wonderful Pope, who will serve as our inspiration in our daily existencewith his good examples, his warmth, compassion and love. I want to make clear that I am no making him a god. He is only human like me, like you. That's the wonder of it. He is human but he acts godly. He is so good. Therefore, I want to emulate him daily, to be good, to act godly and share love to everyone. Help me God."Francesco! Francesco!" children shouted his name in Italian. As he patted one little boy on the head, he asked "Are you a good boy?" and the child nodded."Are you sure?" the pope quipped.Un huh - I know one constituency he doesn't want to lose touch with....

All these followers getting giddy over a change in leadership.  Their desparation of a new dawn for their church is evident, without even giving the white smoke a chance to dissipate.  It's a sad testimony to a people who want so desperately to continue in a church that requires little of them except their financial support.

people poor becouse they have a "poor" salary

Honeymoon period...what is next remains to be seen. He certainly need his bodyguards.

I wonder which group he will choose to ostricize and prejudate first.

So far so good, Pope Francis, so far so good

BEAUTIFUL!!!!!

Good way to get wacked, IDIOT.

oooOOOhhh aaaahhHHHH,and the monkeys clamored...LOL the monkeys...

fear of death is what motivates you true believers.....pity indeed that your religions have caused so much pain and death......a horrible irony.....St. Michael, please guide and protect Pope Francis's security detail... They are going to need it.

I guess these people just can't wait to touch hands with the leader of the pedophles....lets see if this one has any stones and casts out all teh preists that have ever committed crimes against children....pays the kids with church money nd then unsaints nyone that ruled why those things happened....that would include three or four Popes...and the Cardinel Mahoney who helped cover it up and changed preiests names and shufflf them around so they wouldn't get caught...otherwise....every penny you put in a collection plate or spend on Pope or Cathoic related merchandise...you are finncing child molestation...period!

POP SAYS POVERTY IS A VIOLATION AGAINST HUMANITY

whenever i see a priest, the tag of child molester comes in my mind

Brainwashed fools.

call no man father.u have but one father and he is in heaven.so why would u even consider this guy as your God on earth? please do not go back to peter.peter was not catholic and never was and he was not your first pope.those words were spoken by Jesus to Peter and it did happen.it was simply not to a catholic church,nor did it form the catholic church

It's time to play "Find the Pope in the pizza"!

If you were part of the world, the world would be fond of what is its own. But because YOU ARE NO PART OF THE WORLD, because I have chosen you out of the world, ON THIS ACCOUNT THE "WORLD" hates you. - John 15:19 ---The Prince of Peace

What pretenders! What fakes!!These anti-marijuana bigots think they are doing God's work by violating innocent people's right to a God-given gift of a plant called marijuana!!What  a joke!! What corruption!! What a bunch of sick people!!

But where is the fish?  Have you any fish? Grilled?If none, then time to find the small boy with Mary's secret formula of 5 loaves that NOT ONLY catches the fish BUT ALSO also the Anti-fish.Unless both fish and Anti-fish are caught no one can really tell for sure "who is really who?"The catholic cult is a trip.

He's going to sell the priceless art collection and give the money to the poor. Ha ha ha. Catholics are by definition, gullible. I too carry my own bags. Not once. All the time.

Man's perfection is to be instruments of God just as Jesus Christ entered history to do the Father's will. Our hope for spiritual refreshing does not lie in the debut of some powerful preacher. It waits for the serious dedication of those who profess faith in Christ but live as though it does not matter because they are witnesses.

Well the vatican banks needed a new mascot with new strategy to protect their investment.

"Pope wades into crowds". Awsome. Hes an AC-DC fan. He learned that from Angus Young. Did they have , "Hells Bells" playing as he rocked his way through the sea of people?:)

That is one way of impoverishing the Church! One fatal shot from an enemy means useless expenditures to gather once again the Cardinals for a conclave. We Roman Catholics love the Pope out of our devotion to Christ, but not all men share  the same sentiments.

These people get surprised when they see a face in a grilled cheese sandwich.  They are kinda simple that way.

Probably trying to rub his woody up against some little boys.

What must it be like for the old pope to still be around to hear how everyone LOVES the new pope so much more after only one week...

What a wonderful cult of pedophilia those silly Catholics are!The Pope has no more direction to God than you or I . Your prays mean as much or more to God than his. The Vatican has more child molesting baggage than your local jail.

He said he is not afraid of the public and that if he dies by one of them, he will become a martyr and the church will again be renewed through sympathy.  just sick!!!!!

If you're a perv of a pope then that's Heaven " Yeah I got 50 phone numers,dozens of verbal offers for marriage and I'm babysitting for the next year nonstop.

I don't want to be ney-sayer, but our good new Pope is facing some pretty thorny problems. Like what is he going to do about finally putting to bed the pedofile problem? Most Catholics in the US are moral menu selectors. Will he permit open dialog and discussions among the intellectuals in the Church? What about married Clergy? Female Clergy? The Church's moral approach to homosexuality? Birth Control? I pray that he is not only a people person, but a progressive person as well.

Who needs action when you have words?

The Pope will get the surprise of his life when someone caps his foolish #$%$

Well, here we go again. Many posting about the church, Vatican, Bible without maybe knowing. I guess they all went to some mind reading school. Unbelievable!!

"As Buenos Aires archbishop, Francis had lobbied hard against the government's move to legalize gay marriage and make contraceptives available for free."   = FAIL

Who can find fault in his style?  I just hope his security people can persuade him of the dangers in such close contact with crowds of people.  No one would fault him for exercising more security conscious methods for connecting with the people.

Pope Francis may be a true savior for the Catholic church and help turn this dog gone world around too! Wish we had more like him in our government. We are stymied by political #$%$-shooters, right-wingers of all sorts and do-good zealots who could never run a company, but strive to run a country. Please send a special blessing to the USA as often as possible. We need it. And Bless you and Good Luck!Pope thinks he is a pop star, just like Obama, who is useless.

catholic bigots like those on yahoo are the ones who caused the holodomor and holocaust. I'm sure he thinks priests being crucified naked in -10 degree weather while having water thrown on them was a great and wonderful thing for society during the holocaust. or perhaps he thinks the mass execution of catholic priests and their congregations during nazi rule was also a great step forward! Or maybe the starving and mass genocide of 20 million ukrainians during the holodomor because they were christians is another great step forward.Death to those evil christians right?all catholics are pedophiles, none of them are devout holy men who live in small homes, wash the feet of those infected with aids, not own a car, and travel on a city bus to all events. Oh wait.........i forgot pope francis does all those things, silly me.

Pope wades into crowd surprising onlookers.  The only thing that would surprise me is if this guy can keep his wang out of little boy's butts.

Alright already Yahoo, I'm all Poped out

Saint Francis blessed the animals. After all isn't it true that God made all life and it is not needed to kill even animals. They are God's children too and eating meat is not needed. Why live on blood? Being vegetarian and having respect for all life is a basic  and needed requirement to make spiritual progress. You can't be a religious person and a supporter of killing at the same time. All spiritual progress is stopped if you can't accept a basic requirement like respect for "all" life and a Godly, ethical diet of vegetarian.

He lobbied hard against the government of Argentina wanting to distribute birth control. This is typical nonsense from people who oppose abortion but also don't want to do anything to try and prevent unintended pregnancies. Abstinence is not the answer, and as long as the Pope sticks his head in the sand and ignores the issue, he will be part of the problem, not the answer. Also needs to let priests get married like the church originally allowed and most Christian churches still allow.

Papa Francis, when you change things at the Vatican, please could you change the clothes of the Guards too.  Thank you.

If THE LORD JESUS THE SAVIOR WAS HERE THIS IS WHAT HE WOILD TELL THEM:GOSPEL OF MATHEW CHAPTER 23:1, 13-1523 1Then Jesus spoke to the crowds and his disciples:13“But what a disaster is coming on you, religious teachers and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You slam shut the door of the kingdom of heaven in people’s faces. You yourselves don’t go in, yet you don’t let anyone in who is trying to enterhhhhh. 15What a disaster is coming on you, religiousteachers and Pharisees, you hypocrites! For you travel over land and sea to make a singleconvert, and when you do, you make him twice a son of darknessiiiii as you are yourselves.

Good Lord, trolls and haters! The poor guy has been on the job for exactly 4 days. FOUR DAYS! And already you are complaining he "hasn't done anything but make speeches." You wake up one morning to the surprise discovery that you've been hired for a job you didn't apply for - and probably didn't want - taking care of the spiritual needs of a billion+ people, responsible for a complex organization that is under constant and unrelenting fire from the world's media, on top of running an actual country, all when you're already well past retirement age, and then tell me you think you'll have all your ducks in a row in less than a week. Back the #$%$ off and let him find his way in his own good time.

Be careful, Pope Francis, the simple fact that you are a humble man, who mingles with comman people ,will make some NUTS hate you!..In almost 61 years of living I have  seen many a GOOD man, like you, hurt, or killed by the worst sins of all HATE AND IGNORANCE!I am not Catholic but I am impressed by your kindness.  Blessings to you!As usual, there's no mention of God or the Savior in all this monkey business.

...wading into crowds? He wants to be known as Pope Francis, The Foolish??

...dawg gonna git capped!!!!!

Hey, if he gets shot and lives, he can say it was a miracle....St. Frank!!!

He just doesn't "look" like a Pope or "act" like a Pope - which can be something good to some, but something bad to others...

Pope Frank is the first pope from the Americas.  In honor of St. Patricks day, today he shall be called Frank O'American (Uh oh, Spaghetti -Os!)

God bless you Papa Francis.  You are teaching by setting an example to all those around you, irrespective of whether they are from the Clergy or not.  You are setting high standards for all of us to follow.  Your humbleness, kindness, gentleness and humility for all those around you make you the Pope of the People.  May God protect you and keep you safe from harm as you continue to walk in the shoes of the Fishermen and lead us by example.

He keeps this up and we will need another Pope, sooner than expected. When you tempt death, it sometimes catches you.

I think he is wonderful but sorry liberals: he isnt going to approve women priests, sodomy or rug munching, or abortion so you are chit outta luck!

Where, though, did pronunciations like Yahweh come from? These are forms that have been suggested by modern scholars trying to deduce the original pronunciation of God’s name. Some—though not all—feel that the Israelites before the time of Jesus probably pronounced God’s name Yahweh. But no one can be sure. Perhaps they pronounced it that way, perhaps not.Nevertheless, many prefer the pronunciation Jehovah. Why? Because it has a currency and familiarity that Yahweh does not have. Would it not, though, be better to use the form that might be closer to the original pronunciation? Not really, for that is not the custom with Bible names.To take the most prominent example, consider the name of Jesus. Do you know how Jesus’ family and friends addressed him in day-to-day conversation while he was growing up in Nazareth? The truth is, no human knows for certain, although it may have been something like Yeshua (or perhaps Yehoshua). It certainly was not Jesus.However, when the accounts of his life were written in the Greek language, the inspired writers did not try to preserve that original Hebrew pronunciation. Rather, they rendered the name in Greek, I·e·sous′. Today, it is rendered differently according to the language of the reader of the Bible. Spanish Bible readers encounter Jesús (pronounced Hes·soos′). Italians spell it Gesù (pronounced Djay·zoo′). And Germans spell it Jesus (pronounced Yay′soos).Must we stop using the name of Jesus because most of us, or even all of us, do not really know its original pronunciation? So far, no translator has suggested this. We like to use the name, for it identifies the beloved Son of God, Jesus Christ, who gave his lifeblood for us. Would it be showing honor to Jesus to remove all mention of his name in the Bible and replace it with a mere title like “Teacher,” or “Mediator”? Of course not! We can relate to Jesus when we use his name the way it is commonly pronounced in our language.Similar comments could be made regarding all the names we read in the Bible. We pronounce them in our own language and do not try to imitate the original pronunciation. Thus we say “Jeremiah,” not Yir·meya′hu. Similarly we say Isaiah, although in his own day this prophet likely was known as Yeshaʽ·ya′hu. Even scholars who are aware of the original pronunciation of these names use the modern pronunciation, not the ancient, when speaking about them.And the same is true with the name Jehovah. Even though the modern pronunciation Jehovah might not be exactly the way it was pronounced originally, this in no way detracts from the importance of the name. It identifies the Creator, the living God, the Most High to whom Jesus said: “Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.”—Matthew 6:9.‘It Cannot Be Supplanted’While many translators favor the pronunciation Yahweh, the New World Translation and also a number of other translations continue the use of the form Jehovah because of people’s familiarity with it for centuries. Moreover, it preserves, equally with other forms, the four letters of the Tetragrammaton, YHWH or JHVH.Earlier, the German professor Gustav Friedrich Oehler made a similar decision for much the same reason. He discussed various pronunciations and concluded: “From this point onward I use the word Jehovah, because, as a matter of fact, this name has now become more naturalized in our vocabulary, and cannot be supplanted.”—Theologie des Alten Testaments (Theology of the Old Testament), second edition, published in 1882, page 143.Similarly, in his Grammaire de l’hébreu biblique (Grammar of Biblical Hebrew), 1923 edition, in a footnote on page 49, Jesuit scholar Paul Joüon states: “In our translations, instead of the (hypothetical) form Yahweh, we have used the form Jéhovah . . . which is the conventional literary form used in French.” In many other languages Bible translators use a similar form,Is it, then, wrong to use a form like Yahweh? Not at all.We can use his help in the US...before long we'll all be in the poor house.

The onlookers were surprised because unlike all the other Popes, he didn't wade in with the traditional water wings.

Someone should shine a laser pen at the pope's head.

"Pope.....get your hands away from all the Buttox and in the air where we can see them"

A man like this is long overdue.  Why did God wait so long?

So all he has done is give a few speeches and the catholics call him a great man... is that because the bar is set so low? After having Popes murder, torture, rape, etc... that all you have to do is talk and that is an accomplishment?

the haters are here and they are legion!

A populist populistic papalist pope.

"Hey guys, it's me the Pope. It's awesome that I'm here, so cheer for me and bow to me. I am so cool."

Did touching him cure their diseases?HA--Good One, Leo's Brother!

So far Biblical prophesy is being fulfilled and the vatican's alliance with the anti-christ's NWO is a go!.....God help us all.

Are you a good little boy? Are you sure? I want you to visit me tonight.

how can people follow a church or its leaders that knowingly hide and cover up their leaders who are pedophiles?  Hello?  Matt 18:6 "But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea."  This is what Jesus said, and people should stay away or leave the Catholic Church that is full of evil!!!!

And the blind sheep still follow...

The pope is just a symbol of status, and the proof is that if Francis was such a "great man", then why did people not venerate him before the Cardinals told you to? 76 years old and no one even knew him! But having the status as pope... like Kim Kardshian gets her own TV show and then suddenly venerated as a pop culture hero! If he was really a great man... then his resume would have spoke for himself before being crowned King of Katholics...

We would be much more quiet if you good catholics bring back torture and burning at the stake... you can't just rape children and expect people to be silent and cover it up like your cardinals do. You need some good old fashioned catholic hate... torture us dissidents, steal our property and wealth for heresy! Only then will you be the power that you once were.

Now the new pope needs to get serious about reforming the church. I realize it is not the job of the pope to prosecute child abuse. But...it is not the job of the pope to cover it up either. The Catholic Church needs a renewal that focuses on what Jesus taught in the New Testament. The church lost its way when it started stumping for conservative political causes. Jesus did not say one word against abortion, homosexuality or birth control. The church needs to stick with Jesus and his teachings and let the conservatives go off on their own rant.

He needs to pace himself.

The Jesuit Fordham University professor, John L. McKenzie, in his book The Roman Catholic Church (1969), states: “The corruption of the papal court under unworthy men approaches the incredible. . The adventurers and bandits who were elected to the papacy had no interest in affirming spiritual leadership of any kind.”—Page 15Well , he shows courage but not intelligent.

His political alliances and his theological policies are what count and will determine what he does for the faithful and the rest of us.  I wouldn't expect anything yet until the honeymoon period ends.   We've had enough "audacity of hype" in the past with other leaders, only to be seriously disappointed later.  I'm not holding my breath with the Pope, given his clouded past, but I suppose it's only fair to give him a chance going forward.  So, let us pray.

Who needs action when you have words? 76 year old and he never did anything... but all of the sudden, move over Jesus... this guy is a hero!

I never would have been there but if I had I would have gotten far away very quickly so as to not have his filth and insanity get near me.

I seen Him in The Mosh Pit last night at a Concert. Man did he have moves!

The Vatican should be turned into a Theme Park dealing with the bizarre, the occult, illusions, Perversion, exorcism and confidence games. The number one attraction would be the Vatican Chamber of Horrors.The Chamber of Horrors based on the Inquisition would be even more dramatic than blood-curdling displays in other famous museums. With modern technology they could even reproduce a 'live' burning at the stake, or a hanging with real neck-breaking sounds. I would not suggest any displays of child abuse, even though the Pope would protest, It would be just too repugnant.In any case such a Theme Park would certainly be historically honest - more than can be said about the myths and lies the Roman Catholic Cult has been pumping out for centuries.

Listen to the words of hope and change... sound familiar? Franny is the Obama of Catholicism...

They may have made the right choice,,,,,but enough is enough  with the pooping pope,,,lets talk about something else like the muppets or miss piggy...i know that the pope is much better then king obammie is and ever will be,,maybe we should get rid of obammie and let the pope take care of our problems....because obammie and biden couldn't take care of a bathroom break without help from there mommies...

good to see so many low IQ stupids in one photo

this guys getting more press than all his pedofile cronies combined dang...He needs to start firing priests, bishops and Cardinals who molest kids! Why hasn't any Pope made the reforms needed? I'll tell you what. I am very close to writing my Senator and Reps to propose legislation declaring the Catholic Church to be a criminal organization since the Vatican seems unwilling or unable to police it's own. Think about it, if an organization is purposefully breaking laws of nations, especially the laws that are based on the 10 Commandments, it has trespassed against all International Rules and Agreements and Conventions and is in fact working against the rule of law and civilization itself. Unfortunately they believe that they are still a "nation unto themselves answering to no law but themselves" and they still go about as though they are immune from criminal prosecution. Therefore it is time for the Secular Authorities to put that miserable organization out of their nations once and for all.

What are you doing about child abuse, Francis?

The pope said "Hey, let me walk on out here and see if the boy scouts are in town today"Bahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!

Many of Pope Francis I friends are now in jail for their active role in the torture and murder of 30,000 dissidents by the Military Junta. Members of the Junta have said Bergoglio (now Pope Francis) took an active role in the torture of left wingers and advised the military on public relations in that regard.

oooOOOhhh aaaahhHHHH,and the monkeys clamored.

" TOUCH ME !!!"

The Pope now is just another politician running in popularity contest.The judges will be the media.I wish he could be more frank on his thoughts about his past experience and dealings with Argentine brutal dictatorship. I want to know what he thinks about the church backing a brutal murderous regime. But no we get silence over the matter and the church turning defensive. It shows no regret over the matter and would like to forever hide the fact that the church has been supporting many dictatorships around the world.

he needs to speak out directly and forcefully on the abuse cases and trhe money scandals. DIRECTLY and FORCEFULLY. than I may think he's worthwhile.

He hasn't yet personally done anything to make others want to kill him !!Give him a few weeks !!

The vatican announced today that the new pope has just completed his new Death Star.And the Rebel Altar Boy Alliance will soon be crushed.As lightning bolts shot from his hands he screamed "If you only knew the power of thedark side"He wanted to practice his fondling !!

If he really plans on helping the poor I hope he comes to America because we'll all be in the poor house with the way our goverment functions.

Its Italy, he will be shot, stabbed, and pickpocketed within the week.

The history of the church is full of popes that murdered and raped people. Inquisitions and burning people at the stake... supporting and creating wars... genocide and silencing people that had scientific ideas that the Earth revolved around the sun... hiding pedophiles and holding orgies...So don't think that you are persecuted for that, rather you catholics are just a joke to many of us that cannot take you seriously.

what you all need is, JUESUS in your haerts Jesus is the only one that will clean the mess, you people are puting your trust in a mortal man who cant do nothing for you, he is just anther man who needs Jesus like you.

Nice purple dress... I hope he wore some matching heels...

LOOK at the crowd -- seriously how sad is that --- its just a dude in some fancy robes -- thats it ---- the religious are the mentally ill---  if you are awake and aware u are picking up what i am putting down..............

Watch out for the pincers boys !

Where in the bible is a prophet or leader of the church elected? lol  Evil church!

He acknowledged an adoring crowd......wow." It's good to be THE POPE !!

The catholic CULT is world famous for burning people alive during the catholic Inquisition.An organization of pure hate.

Did he grope any youngsters?

a new pope? but is there new hope?

If they were impressed by that, I can see why an image in a grilled cheese sandwich would seem like a miracle.

Don't get excited everyone! He may have just been trying to see if the boy scouts were in town.

Why does the catholic church refuse to choose a black man as pope??? RACISM!!

Maybe this fool can expose the molester priests

After enough alter wine, I bet be is a baby raping machine!

How could a man DIRECTLY involved with mass torture of dissidents by the fascist military Junta be 'Gods' voice on Earth? This monster advised the death squads on public relations and attended torture sessions in person.The catholic CULT is doomed to hell.

He should go further and go crowd surfing.

He is going to have to remember that now he is more than just an ordinary priest, who mingles with the people, he is the Pope.  He should act like one.

He surfed the crowd so he could get felt up.

The Prince of purple reign.

Confused ! Days ago his Press Secretary had him photographed checking out of the Vatican "Hotel", pay his bill and carry out his luggage. Today, he is reported to be staying in the same and only Vatican Hotel until his Palace Apartment is remodeled. SO, which is it ?

The new pope was saddened by all of the pedophile lawsuits, so he is hard at work trying to build a bigger, better, stronger Pedophile Organization.

People the pope and the catholic church is a scam. They are billion dollar industry that pays no taxes and rule the goverment. Look it up. But yeah this pope is very humble.

The new pope and satan are playing a round of golf tomorrow,Two altar boys will be the caddies,The pope wants to get a "hole" in one.

Anyone want to place a bet on how low the Pope's eggs drag?Anyone who cares to do some research and a little reading will be left in no doubt that this new Pope was actively involved in the torture and disappearance of 30,000 people orchestrated by the Military Junta in Argentina. His hands run red with the blood of the innocent.

Nevertheless, the catholic CULT is still the largest Pedophile organization on earth.

This clown ain't going to last very long. Some crazy muslim is going to cap off a few roundswith his stone age bow and arrow.

Me not born Catholic either. Can talk@walk the good. Will wait@ see?

This Pope is not living in realty.  Someone is going to knife him or try to kill him.  It will take an attempt on his life for him to say it is god's will that he don't stroll amongest the common folks any more.

If he secretly chose that name because of The honorable Mr. Francis Sinatra, I can see the good sense in that, but I hope he got permission.

Conjure up some smoke, fog and use a few mirrors and these sheep will follow him off the edge of the world! ( Could they make that sooner than later please !?!)

The catholic Cult should be shut down, once and for all.

This pope is NOT PERFECT; he is only a man. His glowering imperfection is exhibited in his staunch disapproval of the Argentinian government providing contraceptives to the public. If only men could be women--inside our bodies and souls--those opposed to contraceptives would understand why it is a very good idea. Barring that impossibiity, men should LISTEN to WISE WOMEN. But, then, it takes a wise man to know a wise woman. Ahhhh!!!

Say a few kind words, kiss a few babies etc, and the people forget everything. Man, U people are sooooo easy. -THE PRINCE OF DARKNESS -Say a few kind words, kiss a few babies etc, and the people forget everything. Man, U people are sooooo easy. -THE PRINCE OF DARKNESS -

did he say, hi folks i'm frankie babe, and I will be giving away most of the catholic church's wealth to the poor soon, watch this page.

Obama avoids crowds of colored folks, like the plague, not surprising at all...for this lying, life size piece of Mr. Hanky.

I'm not Catholic but I think this Pope is just as demented as his predecessor.

After the big pope party is over, the catholic Cult will still be full of pervert priests,and ruptured altar boys

ARGENTINA’S FORMER military dictator said he kept the country’s Catholichierarchy informed about his regime’s policy of “disappearing” politicalopponents, and that Catholic leaders offered advice on how to “manage” thepolicy.Jorge Videla said he had “many conversations” with Argentina’s primate, CardinalRaúl Francisco Primatesta, about his regime’s dirty war against left-wingactivists. He said there were also conversations with other leading bishopsfrom Argentina’s episcopal conference as well as with the country’s papal nuncio atthe time, Pio Laghi.“They advised us about the manner in which to deal with the situation,” saidVidela in a series of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 butpublished only on Sunday.He said that in certain cases church authorities offered their “good offices”and undertook to inform families looking for “disappeared” relatives to desistfrom their searches, but only if they were certain the families would not usethe information to denounce the junta.

The Nasty catholic CULT is a Terrorist organization.

The headline should read 'Pope wades into a sea of Altar Boys'

There is no end to the Perversion and Filth in the catholic Cult.

Pope Francis  "has been accused of knowing about abuses and failing to do enough to stop them while as many as 30,000 people were disappeared, tortured or killed by the dictatorship.” - The Guardian (UK)The catholic CULT is a Terrorist Organization. They have tortured thousands of peopleduring the catholic Inquisition.

Hey sheeps, it's called publicity stunt.

He's not just a Pope but he's a Pimp. ;)

no disrespect, but this pope will get himself killed on day.  he is making himself an easy target.

yawn

Bender, bender, bender, we discussed this already.  You are a very sick man that needs help. I know mommy didn't love you and you crave attention but this is ridiculous. Get help now before your bitterness and self loathing destroys you.

""Francesco! Francesco!" children shouted his name in Italian. As he patted one little boy on the head, he asked "Are you a good boy?" and the child nodded."Are you sure?" the pope quipped."Cause you know those Catholic Priests love bad little boys in the bedroom.

Its a front hes walking in the crowd putting his phone number in the little boys pockets. Why isnt he in his plastic bubble car watching kiddie pron on his ipad he must be more hands on than the rest of them

God Bless  Pope Francisco, He needs blessings to change the horribles secrets IN thevaticane.

You can't help but understand that the pope rapes boys after reading this.Yahoo ! Please stop shoving this hack pope down our throats ! WE'LL BE THE JUDGE OF THAT! NOT YOU !

The catholic CULT is going down the Krapper.

Francis, before you raise the chalice of christ, permit catholics too sing and pray to jehovah, that benedict made forbidden , and removed jehovahs name from its holy place ,written 7000 times in the bible. !

Francis, before you raise the chalice of christ, permit catholics too sing and pray to jehovah, that benedict made forbidden , and removed jehovahs name from its holy place ,written 7000 times in the bible. !

Anti-pope Ju den needs to step-down and repent.Sea rch onl ine. Todays Catholic Worldsea rch St. Simon.Where are the  950, 000 mur dered b l o od less bodies of mis sing chil dren ??WE WILL RESTORE TRUE PAPACY !!!

The new pope is full of S^H^I=T

They exchanged a Hitler Youth for a full on fascist torturer.

Some victim of priest rape will put a bullet in him if he keeps this up.

Satan must be laughing his but off, watching his pupil B S so many people. People this guy has been part of this, corrupt organization for the last 50-60 years...there is nothing new he is just a bit funnier than the other beach...bendick...

This is quite a suprise.  Now step up and address decades of sexual abuse within the Catholic Church.If He Screws With The Trillions of Dollars They'll "Get Rid of Him" !!

Boy diddlers around the planet.........................REJOICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Satan must be laughing his but off, watching his pupil B S so many people. People this guy has been part of this, corrupt organization for the last 50-60 years...there is nothing new he is just a bit funnier than the other beach...bendick...