pictures or it didn't happen

Photoshop makes anything hsppen

This delima could go both good and bad. 5 darn good looking ones could get wasted by one bad "lulu" one.

What, Dam I had a chance to go to a Yoga class and I passed. WHAT AN IDIOT!

$30 yoga outfits from Target?  Can't see through them but the cooties from China will be with you forever.

From now on, the Vice President of the company should put them on and bend over in front of the board.

you have to be "LuLu" to by a lemon of a pants at that price....OK. I'm sorry and couldn't help myself.

See-through yoga pants?I fail to see what the problem is.

I still don't understand what was wrong with the pants.

Opaque Lululemon pants should be mandatory for all yoga classes.I need to find a groupon for yoga class !

Lululemon, please give it some more time on the shelve or at least when I can get a chance to go to a yoga class and see for myself.Clearly, we need to see someone in the pants to understand what is happening.  Make haste and provide photos!

In our 'feel good' society, a $100.00 pair of pants will certainly make you into a yoga Master.

See-through yoga pants a pain for LululemonA pain?  I heard it was a lulu!

Be mindful of your pants Anakin. They'll betray you.

PICTURES, PLEASE,PICTURES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Anyone who thinks a pair of black yoga pants is worth 100 bucks needs their heads examined.

If? a  girl got to put on yoga pants to get some attention then her self esteem  has to be lower than Dirt..... No way do I need a hang with some insecure ho' like that..

Sure, now they tell me. Right after I just got nabbed robbing the corner bank wearing it over my face.

They should market it to females as a replacement for their mens Viagra

I don't see any problem at all.What the world needs is see through clothing on our elected officials and that will show us what they are made of... Greed all to themselves.

It's too difficult to judge, without seeing a pair!  No photos?

They are making EVERYTHING cheaply these days, all for a greater profit- not just this company.  The flannel is thin and weak.  The cotton is barely there.  Let's return to the days when there was substance in the clothing we bought!

Whats wrong with seethrough  ? Guys already see your cameltoe or mooseknuckle .

Where can we get the discarded pants? All the girls at the trailer park will want some.

must be what that fat Kadashi#$%$ wears to show of her camel toe

I clicked on this article for the pictures...no pics=bad article

Duh! PICTURES!

There is nothing wrong with See-through yoga pants.  Leave it alone.  Im getting a yoga lesson.

I am a gym rat, and I can tell you that the see thru quality is why they are popular ,women accent them with neon pantiesMarket them to men. I've got a few ladies in mind I'd buy them as gifts for.

that's why I'm in the last row at the saturday morning yoga class! HAHA

Mayor Bloomberg should makes these garments required wearing ...

Tuna Tights

Clam Pants

Whoowhoos in Lulus

Pics Please.

Who came here expecting pictures only to be disappointed?

PICTURES YAHOO! PICTURES!!

lol,  only guys would pick  up on this story,  lol   and no pics.  we are disappointed, lolDont recall then selli them as tights. Don't lose money make money.

Too revealing?? Isn't that what young women today wear anyway?

Cheap #$%$ that is overrated and overpriced.

There are alot of other choices including a very nice quality one at Costco for $19. Shop around.

why is someone always trying to do away with something we like or enjoy

Is Yoga going expanding beyond the "see within" phase?

......male yoga attendance drops by 75%...........bring back the pants!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Come on Yahoo wheres the #$%$ pictures!!  Sloppy journalism....jeez.

These pants look sweet even on a big girl. Can't us men enjoy looking at some sweet meat anymore or do you have to be gay to get your way now a days.

if its popular,why get rid of them? that was a stupid business move.AS usual, no Yahoo photo.

Who complained so much that it forced the company to pull the item?They only become see through when stretched beyond all recognition.This is a frustrated fat woman's complaint.  What ever!

did we miss a cow toe extravaganza dam

All yoga pants are see through, just some are more so than others.

This is because their clothing is now being made in China. Cheaply made for the same high price. I will never shop at Lululemon.

women want respect, but then they want to dress like #$%$.  and god forbid you should stare at their idocy.

i want to buy a pair , can i ?

Dude. You #$%$ saw the pants before you bought them, why would you buy them if you saw that they're too sheer for your liking?

See through yoga pants that could be a problem in class it might lead to more men joining the classe's and whats the problem it's up the the woman what they wanna wear while doing yoga right?

I believe this problem needs to be extensively investigated and scrutinized.  I want documentation,  photos,  and re-enactments.  I will not be satisfied until we get to the bottom of this. This issue will not be left to fall through the cracks.Where are they made?

I bought a pair for my wife and the sales person told me if the size is too small they become see thru. Buy the right size and you'll have no problem.

I see girls wearing sheer tight fitting panty hose like leggings out in public that leave little to the imagination....I love it!

I love seeing women in yoga pants. *insert troll face*

Eeeegads, can't they be ditched cuz we either see nasty pants lines, big, fat rolls of cellulite and even --- god forbid -- camel toe!These are the reasons schools have been trying to get rid of them before the sheerness issue.

They're just now realizing this is a problem? I can see this problem every time I go to school, work, the store, the gym, and the dog park. I always assumed women knew.

I'd like to judge for myself.