I bet she doesn't make any political statements while in Israel.

Huh....she is a Jew who supports Obama who does not like Isreal...go figure...

MechaStreisand soon to follow, wreaking havoc and destruction. Hopefully.

Who?

Will she also perform in Palestine?  They're people too, you know...

official. i dont give a rats #$%$... sorry thats insulting to the rats #$%$

Just tell her to sing and calm down.

The Israelis who haven't seen her in person yet will swear she is really David Brenner in drag

ONK ONK better the pig go there

I was loosin' sleep over Barb.....glad it's OVER.......Maybe, at long last, we are rid of her.

So whats the big deal...now if Streisand was to perform in PALESTINE for the PLO...now THATS SOMETHING. Barbara will appear in Isreal at the Let My People Go Go cafe, :)

It would be just fine if mega-troll Barbra stayed there for good.

Good, maybe she can convince them to stop building settlements.

Oh, the liberal Babs who hated South Africa's apartheid policy doesn't mind Israel's apartheid policy.

I hope the Israelies will take the necessary precautions to protect themselves from the Compromised, Liberal Feminist Hack....

She needs to be spit on when she gets there for abandoning her kin to back that Israel hating thug in the White House.

That SHNOZ !

Let's see how much "anti-American" leftist babble comes out of her mouth between songs....

One of the greatest voices ever and all you idiots do is play out your political rhetoric - as usual. You've become more than predictable. You are now banal.I thought she did this weekly over there.

She is the definition of pig. Sighhhhh, ok I'm sorry. To all the pigs out there, I really didn't mean to insult you so.

"JAPS UNITE."

Her nose will arrive 2 days before.

She should move to Israel.

She backs a political party that is in bed with the muslim brotherhood ----  a putz is what this #$%$ is.

Blabera needs to keep her weather beaten A $ $ back under that pile of sh t she crawled out from. Nobody wants to listen to her caterwauling. Not even the poor dopes in Israel.

I sure hope one the those 81 rockets launched daily from the the peace loving muslims does not hit her stage during her show:that would be tragic.

She's like buttah.

and stay there , become a Israeli Citizen . . . . . .all these Liberal Jews are nothing but NAZIS., how can they let the holocaust in Palestine continue?

She is a Jew while being a Jew hater like all liberals are.

She is just another anti American liberal piglet.

Oy vey, it's about time!

Official: Pinocchio to perform ORAL SEX in Israel

Official: Pinocchio to perform in Israel

How does she find the time to sing in Isreal when she has her head up Obama's #$%$

Hope the muslims get her!

My cousin Mark wrote Bab#$%$ song " Some Things Never Last " , he says she's even a bigger jerk,  in person

Hopefully that's when Iran launches their nukes at Israel.I wonder if they make her buy 2 tickets one for her nose and one for the rest of her.

Official: Barbra Streisand to perform  ORAL SEX in IsraelOY VEY

Filthy Jews...yuk

I don't think BaBa Steisand is worthy of going to Israel and performing even at the lowliest immigrant's birthday celebration.  She has no sense of right and wrong and is a far left liberal.  This is a very poor choice.