I served for 40 years. There is a lot of waste and there are ridiculous rules for budgeting the different departments. Nobody wants to do the work to streamline the process. We don't need bigger, just smarter.

hey, anyone seen those nukes? i'm sure we had some...

There is a TON of fat in our defense spending.  Just working on aircraft tells you that.  We'd pay 20-30 dollars for one bolt.  A bolt that wasn't any different from a bolt you got at home depot.  And MANY things in the government supply system are like that.

Step one, restart the draft with no deferrments for anything. The minute the rich and powerful and their progeny are libel for military duty, policing the world will come to an end. If a draft as I described it had been in effect, there would never have been an Afghanistan or an Iraq.

IF YOU GOT HIM IN YOUR POCKET,JUST AS WELL USE HIM! I bet the cuts apply to Military People,,So the Industrial War Complex and Big Oil still get theirs!!

Both sides need to give.  Cut unnecessary spending and close tax loopholes.

Sounds like a ;pormising idea, considering that with the current WH none such (Defense plan) exists or is desired.

Here is a fact to the GOP republican. We currently occupy the world threw American bases threw out the world. We need to close this behemoth and police out American borders and shores. War is no longer a business. 1.4 trillion a years is a rediculious drain on this country. A trillion dollars a year plus thrown against the wall is not American security at all?

Meanwhile the Defense Dept is sending B-52's to South Korea and installing missile defense on the west coast. The USDA is buying sugar in mass quantities and Homeland Security is stockpiling an arsenal. What sequester?

...and so it beginsWe have about 3,000 M1A1 Abrams tanks sitting in storage and we are building more seems like a waste to me.  I am all for a strong Military but most of our military sits idle while the drones are taking out terrorists.  Take the money our of the military and use some to pay down debt and some to rebuild infrastructure or have the army core of engineers do the rebuilding of infrastructure.

every body knows by now OB is in over his head.

The administration is spending 13 million on higher education for Pakistan students while cutting education funding for our military men and women. Is this another one of Obamas lets make it hurt as much as possible strategies?  I would imaging if we stopped funding programs like this we would have sufficient funds for most anything the military needed or wanted to accomplish.

Why do we have so many bases in Europe.

Try contributing to the economy instead of draining it.

Ask HILLARY how to slash security,look what SHE did to STEVENS!!!

Look above at Barry's pic in this story and say to yourself "What me worry".  Haw!

Cut defense 50% across the board !

Obama's agenda is to destroy not only our military but to destroy America!  Barack Obama is a Traitor!  Barack Obama is a lier!  Barack Obama is a Murderer!

This reminds me of Carter, These Bozos are going to put the screws to our military.Hope this strategy review (more costs) is correct!!! Pearl Harbor, Sept 11th, Weapons of mass Destruction, Etc. Hope the Intell has gotten better, but it has not in the past even though we told everthing was OK!!!!!!! The future will tell!!!!!!

I'm not worried with all those women in the infantry. If i were a north korean soldier i would really be worried.

Most here are not "left"leaning.  The vermin in the Whitehouse is not the real problem.  He is a small man who hopes to make an , undeserved, unearned mark on history without the vision to know how.   It's your next door neighbor.  They voted him and his philosophy into power.  Over half of our population have lost a sense of who we are and are taking relish at the defeat of greatness.  They are even smug about it.  Kind of an "in your face" attitude about destroying what is left of us.  Make no mistake about it.  If we cant find a way to get through to them, we are done.

Hagel may be as shocked as the rest of us when he can't figure out what the Bamster's foreign policy is or isn't.

Hagel should be listening to the Joint Chiefs and other high ranking officers for information; not the president.  The president is playing politics at the expense of national security.  He is imposing socialism/communism, and he wants to make our armed forces suffer so he can blame it on the GOP.  He is looking at votes for the 2014 election period.  The president has no experience in military matters; nor does he understand how the military machine works.

The Socialist creed.Nanyi Pelosi and Harry Reid wrote the book on "How to be a Liberal"1) Use the race card.  Anyone who opposes Obama about anything is a racist.2) Use the class card.  Anyone who actually pays taxes is considered rich and therefore takes advantage of the poor.3) Demonize the opposition. Hate the Republicans, Hate the Tea party, Hate Conservatives.  You don't need to know why.  Just hate them and spread the word.4) Never argue with facts or debate an issue.  When challenged, just call them names or let them know they misspelled a word.5)  Wherever you can, buy their votes.  Offer welfare and call it entitlements.  Remember you are dealing with greedy people who care more about what they can get than they do about the country.  Some can be bought for as little as a cell phone.

Another Obama puppet to do the kings bidding.  Obama is not a military tactition but will keep firing generals till they agree with him.  We are in a dangerous place because of him

Hagel wouldn't know defense strategy if it bit him in the #$%$..Lots of work will be done by staffs around the world to bring the options before the clowns...Bet you dollars for donuts that Obama and Hagel already discussed new base closures before he was confirmed...Go ahead, close more bases so you can buy more foodstamps for illegals and section eight baby mills.

that is an easy tack for Hagel! He only needs to see the billions of dollars Obama cut from DOD and the thousands and thousands of discharges of military folks into the Obama economy that is improving and the private sector is doing fine LIE!!!!!!!!!Obama's agenda to destroy our military leaves American unable to defend Freedom and Liberty around the world let alone defend our shores. Wake up people and smell the stench coming out of the White House!!!!!!!!!

Now we know why he was nominated......to gut the Defense budget."Imagine Bush's head of the Civil Rights Division not prosecuting Klanners when they engage in voter intimidation, and then imagine what would happen if Bush turned around and nominated the Grand Kleagle of the Ku Klux Klan to a cabinet position where he would be deciding on discrimination lawsuits. That is exactly what's happened here with Obama nominating Tom Perez for labor secretary

Constant agitation...Americans won't get a moment's peace while the idiot occupies the Whitehouse...His "stimulus" from his first year in office led to Sequester in his fifth year.  Shovel ready jobs, cash for clunkers, Obamacare, Green makeover of the economy...

He authorized the order of flint lock muskets, mules, and wooden sailing ships.

Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain....

Hagel has only been in office a few days and is doing a great job. All of America should just love this great politician.

What lobbyist for a Think Tank is he supporting?  In two years it will be out of date and only adhered to as an option.Be better if we opened the White House for the next two years.

Mister Dead Eyes got his useful idiot to take a meat cleaver to the DoD...Two great idiots the world has never seen...Hey Chuck, the state of Nebraska called...they said they are missing an idiot.

Do you want Defense Cuts that will have NO effect on National Security?DOD civilians = 800,000 Permanent Employees and 700,000 Annual Contract EmployeesGround Combat Troops = 230,000 (minus 100,000 if Obama gets his way) 130,000Ratio = 11.5 Civilians to 1 Combat TroopWW2 Ratio = 240 Combat Troops to 1 CivilianWW2 was the last war we Won (Received Unconditional Surrender)Maybe we should go back to the WW2 ratio and save $ 200 Billion a year?

That is the smartest idea I've heard in decades. That will be a fly in the GOP ointment? Let's hope this is a start of a smaller military.

Bob's definition Is the GOP party. He might be a republican?Rodman talking to Kim: "Yo my man whatz up?"Kim: "Oh Rodman I big fan, big fan, basketball big sport in N. Korea, everyone love it cause I love it. Hahahaha!"Rodman: "I got word from Obama for you man."Kim: "Obama?" his eyes widenRodman: "Yeah, you see the economy is not doin well, we got debt up the A%%, the sequester just took hold and the Republicans won't let Obama raise taxes."Kim: "Oh, we don't have taxes, cause no one make any money. Hahahaha!"Rodman: "I get it, but listen up. Obama needs you to act tough, you know bring it on like a pitbull, know what I'm sayin?"Kim:" Wha?"Kim tilts his head like a dog.Rodman: "Yeah, you see if you threaten war and show some teeth that'll give congress an excuse to raise taxes to protect Americans from you."Kim: "But won't you blow us up?"Rodman: "Nah man Obama has you covered my man, notin gona go too far, just make it look good, play your part and my brother in the White House will do you right."Kim: "Yeah? Will he send me some blonde porn hoes to suck me dry?"Rodman: "Whatever you want..."

A little research into Hagel's military records, resulted in the truth about his 2 Purple Hearts. He and his brother were at the perimeter of their base camp in a conversation, when one of their own troops, "Accidentally" set off a Claymore Mine that was off to their left side. None of the pellets hit ether of them but shrapnel from the casing hit both, along with flash from the blast. Hagel was awarded 2 Purple Hearts, 1 for the shrapnel, 1 for flash burns to the face. All this from a "Failed Deliberate Fragging"MACV Adviser68-70

A 12 year old child can figure this one out... stop the military contractors from leaching the life out of the tax paying citizens.  Military high command get high paying jobs with military contractors when they retire from the military.  Stop the hundreds of billions of dollars of waste for overprice and unnecessary hardware and services!!!

Of course Barry has worked in defense for decades, so he knows all there is to know about it...   And little pigs fly out of his rear end, so bacon is FREE

I wonder when Obama is going to make "PUBLIC" the Troops that have been training for 6 months at FT Reilly KS. for his war in Africa?This month, Obama plans to start deployment of 4,200 troops of the 1st INF 2nd BCT in Company size units to 35 Countries in Africa as "Advisers" along with millions of weapons (small arms to artillery), they will fall under US Army Africa based it Italy.MACV Adviser68-70

43 billions is just a drop in the bucket, just bring the troops home from Middle East; Japan; Germany; South Korea &amp; many more, if you add it up we mignt save trillion of $$$$$$!!!

God forbid the military industrial complex takes a hit while the rest of the economy suffered while financing their spending orgy with deficit spending. I love our soldiers and our country, but this horseshit of paying for all these toys and putting it on the next generation is way wrong. Let those who supported the war in Iraq pay their credit card bill off. Then the next generation can decide what they want to spend their tax money on.

The problem with the cuts is summarized in one sentence from the article."Congress has shown little inclination to reverse the $43 billion in cuts while balking at new cost-cutting steps the Pentagon has proposed, such as another round of military base closings."Department of Defense is willing to make cuts done in a sensible manner.  Congress demands that cuts be made, but refuses to be sensible.

We can start by shutting down ALL military installations on foreigh soil. If these countries want us there then they need to foot the bill.

"What we have here is a failure to communicate...."  from Cool Hand Luke.  Very fitting here.hagel is on the bush team, creating senceless none of our business war, depression, mass confussion , sabotage !!!