Sounds too risky to run at all.

kewl start it up now , lets see how many obama voteing sheets die ...

I live 10 miles from that plant.  Don't turn it on, plus we get constant earthquakes some days over a hundred (tiny tremors) a day and reasonable 4.0 + several times a month.  Uh Edison, your playing with millions of lives here...  Not JUST Californians but Nevada, Arizona, Oregon's folks as well.  Fortunately if it blows I'll be one of the lucky first to die.  It's those neigboring states that will suffer slow and painful cancers ravaging their and their children's bodies slowing rotting them inside out.  Bad call Edison keep that death trap closed.

I live 20 miles north of the San Onofre nuclear power plant. I am betting that it never gets restarted. Electricity from natural gas replaced the generator when it went offline, and continuing that way is much less controversial and probably cheaper.

Another win for nuclear!

This is why we need to hang on to our coal-fired power plants.  They are the real workhorse.

Yeah, let's all trust these private corporations to do the right thing. What could possibly go wrong.

In closing, I support solar, wind, and geothermal sources of electricity. Global warming is a serious issue. But we also have to have a coherent well thought out strategy that can get turned into a national energy policy. We need an Apollo energy program that will build solar, wind, geothermal and biomass sources on a large scale. We will need a next generation source for base load electrical power for the next half century even if we doubled or tripled our renewable energy sources. Natural gas is at best a short term transition source but for base load we really need IGCC with CO2 sequestration, a new generation of nuclear plants, or all three with renewable sources supplementing peak load times. We should have had this conversation 30 years ago.

California's nuclear plant issues are a preview of coming attractions all across the U.S. We have 104 nuclear plants in America that are at least 40 years old with a design life of about 25 years. These plants were made with the idea that new plants would have been constructed long ago. These nuclear plants also relied upon the Yucca Mountain waste storage site getting built and operational too. So neither one of these conditions happened so we have 104 aging plants with the nuclear waste material stored onsite. Compounding all of this are the fact that nuclear plants produce 20% of our base load electricity.I am not opposed to new nuclear plants being built if they can be done safely and economically. The trouble is that the price per kilowatt hour for nuclear plants are extremely expensive. We have serious environmental concerns about coal plants and their CO2 emission. Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle plants or  IGCC coal plants are highly efficient and would greatly reduce CO2 and particulate matter emissions as well as Nitrous Oxide emissions. The trouble is like new nuclear plants, Congress has failed to fund the FutureGen plants that would produce commercially viable IGCC plants. We only have two IGCC plants one in Tampa, Florida and another one in Indiana.What really bothers me is the fact that we do not have a coherent strategy much less a long term policy for producing our base load power more efficiently. Pulverized coal plants still produce about 40% of our base load power. Those aged coal plants are being replaced by natural gas fired combined cycle plants. So we get more than 60% of our base load power from pulverized coal power plants and nuclear plants. This switch to cheap natural gas sounds fine and well until we start building more of our base load electrical plants from natural gas. Once natural gas supplies go down our base load electrical power will see wild price swings upwards. I personally do not see how getting more natural gas power plants up and running to produce 60% or more of our electrical power is either feasible or desirable. We need a crash course on base load electrical power and we had damn well better do it soon because reliable base load power is critical for our future economic growth in this country.

Too risky with a nuke plant? No worries(unless you live nearby). LOL