Any pope that rides the bus has my support.

Oh wow the Youtube videos, great informational source,

Is that Richard Simmons in the picture with the Pope? The woman made me think it was. I like many do like this Pope. He seems to be a real person who cares about people. The idea he walks among the people shows he believe in them and they are not below him. Sounds like something Jesus would do.

The Pope has been described as a serious person, but his face exudes humor and warmth.  I find him charming.  I think we have a winner here folks.

If anyone wants a true picture of Pope Francis, note this: He paid his own hotel bill; he wears his old black shoes and not the red Prada ones; he wears a plastic-band watch; his pectoral cross is made of wood. He loves the poor and the sick. He believes we should love ALL God's people, both believers and unbelievers. He believes we are to protect and defend the poor and the weak (the elderly and children) as well as all God's creation (animals included) and the environment. This is a humble, simple man...but beware, he also has the heart of a lion and will come deal with the scandals as well...give him time. His name is taken from Francis of Assisi, who was told by God to 'rebuild My church.' I think Pope Francis has taken the first steps to do just that. God bless and protect him.

Did you all see this morning, how he got off the Pope mobile, to hug and kiss the handicap person by the barricade?  That gesture of kindness and caring has not price.  God Bless Pope Francis!

I am very impressed with Pope Fran and I'm not even a Catholic!

Worried about him in the open like this.

Ignore the commies, atheists and right wing fundamentalists. As Jesus said while dying on the cross: Father forgive them, for they know not what they do.

So are all Catholics no matter where you live to do as the Pope says?

As a non-Catholic, all he has to do is say the magic words. "ZERO TOLERANCE FOR PEDOPHILE CLERGY" and I will be happy with him.I pray for the safety of the Pope, evil is out there!

Quoting all of the "polling data" is irrelevant.  The Church is a theocracy not a democrary.  It will never fall in line with what is "popular" or what most people think.   So those who think the Church will ever condone gay marriage or women as priests will be very disappointed.

The Roman Catholic Church has stood for centuries. It survived the Romans, the Muslim crusaders, the barbarians, schisms, civil wars, and world wars. It emerged from the Protestant Reformation as the richest, most powerful Church on earth. It will outlast all the hate and jealousy from Protestants, Muslims, secularists, and atheists, whether you like it or not

I am very happy he is our new Pope

Atta Boy, Pope Francis, we are so proud of you!

The liberals would like to rewrite the Constitution and the Bible!

I hear all these people saying that the church needs to "modernize" and accept the growing social changes in society. I have some questions. Will that make atheists suddenly believe in God? Will that curb the secular movement in the world? Will that stop the encroachment on religious freedoms? I'm curious because when you listen to the media, it seems a lot of people will jump into the Lords loving embrace if the church would just abandon the Bible. In reality, that would hasten the decline of the church.

What's not to like about him.

Give this kind, humble man a chance. He's facing very real danger from his corrupt enemies within the Vatican power structure. Don't forget what physical disasters befell Popes John Paul I/murdered and John Paul II/attempted murder. Barring a miracle, nothing can be changed overnight. This Pope is the only one who knows what's in that critical secret report commissioned by Benedict. However, it's obvious that the Cardinals who elected this Pope are also anxious for significant changes in the rotten Curia. Jesuits are tougher than nails and they're known for their brainpower, so anything is possible. God bless and protect Pope Francis.

This isn't an article about the Pope it is a Reuters poll.  Dumb.I am not worried about the pope in the least bit. It's the bank robber down the street that causes me to loose sleep.

Polish Popes rock!

I like this pope.I am uncomfortable with him greeting the crowds like that so openly. I worry about his safety.

Heck I like him and I am not into the mythology.Has anyone noticed that he looks a bit like Ed Wynn?

Father in heaven, let this new Pope be a graceful emissary of your true love for all the people in this world! In the name of Jesus I pray, amen!

Does any body really believe that just because Humans change what they believe in, that God himself is going to change and agree with them? He will not change, and neither should any Pope or Preacher of the Gospel.

Catholics everywhere should be proud.  He appears to be cut from the same cloth as John Paul II.

Lord hear my prayer for all the lost souls who are of this world.

May the Pope bring hope and joy to a world drifting away from the name of Jesus!

Wonder if Little Joey Biden took his shotgun with him ???Any pope that declines red shoes has my vote. Any pope that makes people laugh has my vote. Any pope that likes the tango surely has my vote. I think I am in.

He's very likable, isn't he?

Humble and meek, a sign that this Pope is a true servant of God!

What's not to like about this man. He is good, no matter how you look at him.

i am not a catholic, but i love  the message he brings.  A pope is not anymore higher than the beggar.  he is truly a real christian..Jesus is with him...i wish you the best to tell all these american catholics and so-called christians that follow the teachings of ayn rand, an aethiest, that we need a safety net and universal healthcare for the poor and that it is every rulers duty to defend the rights of the poor.  biblical teachings in the OT and NT...

Not all priests are pedophiles.

Pope Francis made a great impression by just being himself. He is a loving, kind and humble person. He also knows he has inherited many issues to deal with. Thats what was so special  when he asked people to pray for him! First time i ever heard that from a Pope

Since far before the last election, I have wondered what the heck is Reuters polls credibility interval. What happened to margin of error?

Best. Pope. Ever!

Good choice.  I wish him luck getting the scandals cleaned up and moving forward...i don't believe the 54% of Catholics want to go against the bible and support gays...no way

Continue to lead us Pope Francis.  Spread the good word.

Everyone has a favorable view of a new pope even including the news media. Than after a couple of weeks they start criticizing and the worst of then is the news media !

I think the new Pope is off to a good start.  If he can reform the Church to one that focuses on the poor, the elderly, and the infirm instead of one of secrecy and sexual abuse, he may end up being a great Pope....but it's only the first week.

I am not even Catholic, but I think I am going to like this guy.  Best of luck.

ALL those criticizing the Catholic Church on here. You automatic assume this priest is a pedophile. Of course he isn`t. Guily by association ?? What if your do-worker got caught embezzling money, would you be guilty do??

Jesus does not hate gays, he hates their lifestyle!

One quarter of us in the US are Catholics?  Is that a lot of us?

He is like the President, like him or hate him, he has been elected and is the leader.

I like him. I just hope he doesn't give in to liberals. They've done enough damage.I'm not catholic, so it really doesn't matter to me, but this guy seems like the real deal

I wish Francis the very best.  We need more men of peace and good will in a world run amok.  God be w you, sir!

"One of four people in the United States are {i.e. say that they are} Roman Catholic, but opinion among members is divided over certain doctrinal questions, including gay marriage ...Opinion is only divided amongst those who are poorly catechized and do not know the Catholic faith.  Doctrines of the Faith can not and will not change to reflect "progressive" or popular opinion.

When Cardinal Mahoney has been kicked to the curb then I will know that this wonderful Pope is the real deal.  I check out Yahoo everyday to see what he will do or what he will not do.   Clean up the church and I will come back.  Otherwise I will just remain a Catholic without a church.

the catholic church does not support gay marraige and never will.

Were all formed to think prosecution is a form of healing to eventhe most grotesque of crimes.Benedict stepped down for not being theman with the answer. Let's hope Francis can put things like pedophileto an end world wide forever !

Another #$%$ article. I have never met a Catholic or any other Christian, or a Jew or a Muslim that supported gay marriage. Why can't we just leave religious faith alone?

Caption in photo for guy in back of Pope: ...."Hello!,...Mc Fly!...Hello!!!!!"

I am a Catholic and I hope he takes an incredibly harsh stance against any within the clergy who have ever abused a child or anyone for that matter.A harsh stance against this needs to be taken within ALL religions, youth organizations, sporting teams, etc. Anywhere where a person can hide behind his/her authority while destroying the lives of the innocents

American Catholics compose only 6% of the world's Catholics.  Of that 6% probably half or more do not attend church on a regular basis.  As a result, in the grand scheme of things, what American Catholics think really matters very little to the church.  Those Catholics in America and worldwide who attend church will follow the teachings of the church because they are also God's teachings and God's truths are eternal and do not change with changes popular culture.  Gay marriage, abortion, female clergy are not in step with the teachings of Christ so they are irrelevant to the Church as much as liberals would like to think differently.  No one can serve two masters, we all must choose which one we will serve and some will make the right choice and others the wrong choice.Well thus far he has been projecting an image more like John Paul II rather than Benedict, which is a major plus. He is less ostentatious with the fashion choices, dressing more like a clergyman than an emperor. While there will be inevitable disagreements over issues like contraception and same-sex marriage, his positions on the environment and poverty issues are likely to be popular after years of fixation on pure doctrine.

I'm not Catholic but I think he's going to be a force for much needed change in the church.  He seems very humble and caring.  I like his efforts to reach out to common people and do away with the pomp.  This Pope seems real.

The holy spirit was alive and well in guiding the selection of Francis.

Bless you Jesus, and bless your Pope!

U.S. Catholics need to listen to their leader and turn away from sins like adultery, homosexuality, molestation, murder, and everything else.

I believe Pope Francis will make a great pope.

What a humble and beautiful difference to the disgraced we have in Obummber.

What's this this story about, the Pope or popular opinion? Who cares what the polls say?

I'm a Roman Catholic who happens to be an American.  I don't give a darn what liberal American Catholics feel about women priests, celibacy, etc.  News flash America - you're so far out of whack with the rest of the Church your opinion doesn't matter.

GOOD LUCK!The Pope is neither conservative nor liberal. He is a man of God, with all that this entails.Further, 54% of American Catholics do not favor gay marriage because these people are "cafeteria Catholics" and are not truly devoted to serving the Church.

Yea i like what you said for the poor my friend.But I still ain't seen the old pope since smoke came out that smoke stack.You didn't? Did you!ha ha just joking.I welcome the new pope**==

Strange comments. Even stranger are the names of those making the comments. I suppose Michael is a typical Irish name while CowboyJ is not. Inquisitive Bob and Rice Dog are funny names with not so funny comments.

Other churches have their leaders, and they too are supported by contributions of the congregation..... We are proud of the new Pope... God bless him for reaching out and trying to make a difference no matter what it looks like to others.

We need someone like him.  This world is a mess and he can make a big difference.  Bring Vatican III and make the changes.  Clean house and forge on!

Did he back hand Joe Biden?

The New Pope showed he even has mercy on the mentally stupid when he embraced Joe Biden.

I will have to take a wait and see approach to Pope Francis.  When I see someone like Joe Biden and company getting the VIP treatment by the US Cardinals it makes me wonder, will they ever return from there apostasy.  Biden thinks Roe v Wade is a moral victory for womens liberation, he celebrates the murder of over 50 million of Christ weakest, the unborn child with a soul as a victory.  If only Pope Benedict was 10yrs younger he would have continued to clean house of these evil men.  Rome is losing the faith, I look to Fatima, the bible, and the Rosary for my inspiration.  I hold the Catholic Faith close to my heart, and to see Christs vicar on earth welcoming men whom have the blood of millions upon millions of Christ unborn children is no less than a slap in the face to our Blessed Virgin Mary.  Biden is a non repentant person and has no place inside the house of the Lord until he publicily recounts his choice to support the murder of Christ children..Shame on you Dolan, O'Malley, Mahony, you have brought about your own chastisements..

......his disregard for his own personal safety in this dangerous world, is ill advised

I think the poll says more about what people want him to be than what he actually has shown us...a whole lot of very wishful thinking about him changing fundamental doctrine just because you think you know better.  The papacy is not a democracy.Looks like Rudy Guiliani.

Nothing reuters writes is authentic, genuine  or serious. First impressions are most often misleading or deceptive anyway.

the only poll he needs to worry about is his standing before God himself.if that test is not passed its all in vain.

Let's sit back and watch the liberals reflexively spew their hatred and anger after hearing the words "Pope" and "Catholic".  They can't help themselves, folks!

Jesus Christ himself started the Catholic Church 2000 years ago.  He said, "Peter upon you I will build my Church". We are 1.2 billion strong and have had countless miracles over the centuries to show Jesus is guiding us.

first impressions are worthless.

It is my best impression so far that Padre Jorge is truly GENUINE and A MAN OF SUBSTANCE, and I truly hope that he will be a force for the good of all of humanity!Is there any American cardinal who has ever given me this kind of impression? NOT by a long shot!

athiests always want respect, but never GIVE any.

Surprise!  The Pope is not about being liked for favoring issues of this planet.   He is about facilitating the relation between humans and Jesus.  Jesus was misunderstood when He walked this world, and that is why we assasinated Him.  The same is felt through these postngs:  Oh, Francis undestands us!  Oooh.  Ahhhh!  We had better understand Jesus' message to us.

I understand that Francis was chosen to be pope over any of the other Cardinals because he had molested the least number of altar boys.Please pope, purge the church of all of the h   o    m    o   priest who molest young boys AND come clean and stop the cover-up.

The proof will be in what he actually does. But I for one as a non-Catholic do have a very favorable impression thus far. Hope he is able to make a difference.

A great man at the right time.God Bless Him./////Bert

I just like the fact that he will probably do away with alot of the pomposity going on with cardinals and bishops and tell them to get to work doing what they should have been doing all along.   Then I hope he fires alot at the vatican and gets that in order.

Polls and ratings does not lead you to heaven.  Forget about them.

We hope with his love and power he will help the Christians in the middle east who are persecuted by the muslim fundamentalist.In Egypt Lybia Tunis Irak Syria and Lebanon and put pressure on Saudi Arabia to Build the first Church.

The Best Man is Pope, next time it might be an American or African or even a Asian but it will never, ever, be a Englishman. LOL.

It amazes me how a good person can made bad people barf their brains out in idiotic commentary.  News about helping the poor, for example, just shows how much they don't help the poor, and guilt is assumed, hated, and then it's attack the poor time.  I feel sorry for them, they are not running their own lives, and a positive community, like church, would really help them.

I am happy about Pope Francis. I loved Benedict , he was a   very wise Pope. Francis has a unique warmth about him though. The peace of the Lord be with you Pope Francis !

Why is Richard Simmons "knock, knocking" the back of the Pope's head?The Devil was cast down into hell for disobeying, I doubt the Pope will turn into a liberal Catholic. Catholic Awake! obey.

In Pope Francis's quest to help the weak and poor, he will explain to them the truth of why nations go to war, and why wars are necessary - or unnecessary.

Sad to see that Biden whom was scolded in private by Pope Benedict for celebrating the Roe v Wade as a moral victory for the womens lib movement which led to the slaughter of over 50 million of Christ unborn children with souls was given the VIP treatment inside the Vatican.  The jury is still out on Pope Francis but greeting Biden with handshakes and smiles is quite unnerving for those few of us in America that still stick to our guns when it comes to the Faith.  Biden has shown know signs of being repentant nor has he spoken out against abortion.  If only Pope Benedict was 10yrs younger, Biden would be out along with the other apostates.

I believe that he may be just the ticket the Catholic Church needs. We need to move on, but that doesn't mean we forget.

I'd have a beer with him, and I'm not even Catholic.

I think today 03-19-2013 is the most peaceful day of the world! O saint Joseph, father of our Lord Jesus Christ, pray for us so that this peaceful day will last forever and ever. Amen.

He really isn't after making a "good impression" but the salvation of all.

Pope Francis, BEWARE.DON'T GO BEYOND THE LAWS OF THE VATICAN. which is corrupt beyond belief."Pope John Paul I died only 33 days into his Pontificate (August 26, 1978 - September 28, 1978). It was one of the shortest reigns in the annals of the papacy.The "Smiling Pope," as he was affectionately called was born Albino Luciani on October 17, 1912 near Belluno, Italy. He was ordained in 1935, made Bishop in 1958 and became patriarch of Venice in 1969. He received his cardinal#$%$ in 1973. He was a STAUNCH believer in ecumenism and the REDUCTION of Church wealth. He was WARM HUMBLE and had no aspirations for the papacy. After Pope Paul VI died, Luciani was elected on the second day of the Conclave in 1978. He REFUSED to wear the papal tiara or to be carried in the gestatorial chair. He was PRAISED as a LIBERAL REFORMER who read Mark Twain. He was on a MISSION to REVERSE the Church's position on contraception, 'CLEANING UP' the Vatican bank and DISMISSING many Masonic cardinals.Many Roman clerics were HOSTILE towards Luciani. It was rumored he was DELIBERATELY elected by cardinals KEEPING SECRETS that he was too weak to bother them and his health would cause him to die prematurely in office. However, to the surprise and consternation of those very same cardinals, Pope John Paul I IMMEDIATELY investigated the Vatican Bank and wanted to 'CLEAN HOUSE' of any prominent prelates who were Freemasons.He was about to make a series of DISMISSALS and NEW appointments and REMOVE those accused of financial and other misdeeds. All this has been construed as a motive for his murder.The Motives for Murder:This spiritual leader of all the Roman Catholics, Albino Luciani, was actually embarking on a REVOLUTION. He wanted to set the Church in a NEW direction which was considered highly UNDESIRABLE and DANGEROUS by many high ranking Church officials.Six men in particular, stood to lose a great deal if Pope John Paul I remained in power. (These were - Marcinkus, Villot, Calvi, Sindona, Cody and Gelli). There was a suspicion of a conspiracy among these men with Villot the instigator and Gelli the executioner."I can't go any further. the amount of room wont allow.

I wish the Pope the best.  I hope he deals with the priest/child abuse in a fair manner.

Sounds like the American Catholics and/or the pollster are seriously confused.hopefully he brings more atheist to the light of the lord!

To Mary Wisniewski - this piece shows you don't have much regard for the authority of the Pope or the Catholic Church.

Do not really care what country he came from but only his character, and his character seems to be shaking up the church.

I'm not Catholic, he's made a good impression on me so far

How much you want to bet that the 6% that are not in favor of this new Pope are the ones that want gay or abortion to be approved in Catholic doctrine?

the pope is still human and breaths like the rest of us..one must be careful not to forget the maker &amp; the manufacturer of man &amp; life itself&gt;God himself..with all due respect to the Pope and his good deeds, we must never praise him higher than God himself as just as God gives so too He shall take away..search the end time signs and the rise of Anti-Christ..one will come and the world will hail him as to be better than Christ himself..'be of watch and pray that ye do not fall into temptation'..please as we marvel at the new Pope lets not forget CHRIST - the head of the church..!!!! :-)

I think this picture of Pope Francis makes him look half like Bing Crosby and half like Pernell Roberts.

There will never be a Pope who can satisfy a majority. He needs to remain faithful to the true church as established by Jesus Christ, not mold it to the current politically-correct version. Pope Francis needs our prayers so he can work to unite the people in peace, regardless of different religions or views. That's the cause to which John Paul II committed his papacy.

Don't cry for me Argentina,I've a better job now,With no more cooking andNo more cleaning.Might get a Sedgeway.

Even my goosebumps feel holy moly :) AAAAAaaaaaMENwhat's art garfunkle doing behind the pope?

Our church needs a shepherd. Catholics don't think of him as Jesus Christ nor God. Your churches have Rabbis, preachers, and ministers, and we have a Pope...A mighty fine one

I have to take a wait and see approach with Pope Francis.  When I see Joe Biden and company who celebrate Roe vs Wade as a moral victory for the womens liberation movement it makes me wonder if these men will return from there apostasy before the second coming.  Biden thinks the murder of over 50 million of Christ unborn children since 1973 is a moral victory and he gets the royal treatment inside the Vatican and then Pope Francis shakes his hand and welcomes him.  Apostasy is the first word that comes to mind, its not like Joe has come out and repented and denounces the murder of unborn Children.  Perhaps Pope Francis should take his own advice and pick up the Cross and publically excommunicate Joe and company and get back to the business of saving souls.

The US Catholics will be impressed with the new Pope as long as he doesn't delve into our Catholic politcians support for gay marriage, abortions and forcing the Catholic institutions to dole out birth control

Pope Francis1 is a GOOD SHEPHERD...TNX GOD..!!!

Thank God for a ray of LIGHT in today.

Why?  He has said nothing on how he is going to change the culture of the church in hiding child molesters.  The game goes on and the children will continue to be hurt by these so called priest.

hey..im a mega-huge Critic and 1st class Catholic Basher!..but he made a good impression on me and  ill keep my mouth shut about him until he clearly does something wrong..and from the looks of things and his carreer right now i would not lay any odds against him.if the Catholic Church is going to lay a Foundation to Try and Rebuild the Foundation and Reputation  of The Catholic Church then i think they  got off to a very good start by hiring this POPE'TRACTOR!

It's obvious that the Nobel Peace Prize should be awarded to Pope Francis for converting so many Lackeys in to hard working Catholics.

I pray for you Pope Francis, that God walks and guides you. There is so much evil in this world today. I pray that God gives you guidance and the strength to over come the evil in this world.Amen.Love this Pope! And always loved Saint Francis of Assisi! Things will get better for the church with this good man leading us.

God Bless Pope Francis I !!!

From this ex-Catholic:  Same old, same old.  He doesn't look like he'll clean up the cesspool any better than any of the recent popes.

I am surprised after that pedophilia comment last week.

I can only say that this new pope{fransis}only God knows the aim of putting him there.I can only give him a positive cheers that by the vatue of his office may he lead the people of God to a better part. And i pray for him that all the good intension that he has for the church d to all believers at large will come to a parffection.Amen

I like him because he seems to actually live the teachings of the bible and is obviously a humble and good man. Also because he's against gay marriage. What better person for Pope than for one that actually promotes the teachings of the bible instead of popular trends.

If only Pope Benedict was 10yrs younger you would not have seen Biden and company getting the VIP treatment at the Vatican.  I do hope they are not returning to apostasy.  Pope Benedict severely scolded Biden and Pelosi behind closed doors for celebrating the moral victory of Roe v Wade that has resulted in the deaths of over 50 million plus unborn children in the US since 1973.  Pope Francis presses Joe and Jill Bidens hands, we have to wait and see with him and pray for him that he is not an Apostate himself.

Is there any other single religion that holds a greater than 25% rate?

He dosen't care at all for Obama.  My kind of pope.

Pope Francis palm pressing with Joe and Jill Biden whom think Roe v Wade is a moral victory for the womens liberation movement leaves me taking the wait and see approach with Pope Francis.  A moral victory, over 50 million of Christ unborn children murdered in the US since 1973.  Will the apostasy end?  If only Benedict was 10yrs younger he would have continued to push the apostates from the Church instead of giving them the VIP treatment.So did Obama in 2008 and look were we are now.

I just like the fact that he will probably do away with alot of the pomposity going on with cardinals and bishops and tell them to get to work doing what they should have been doing all along. Then I hope he fires alot at the vatican and gets that in order.

Do not sit around waiting for the the teaching of the Church to change, get up and turn toward God for repentance.

Voice of the Unfaithful is wrong:  There is no possibility of ordaining women PERIOD.

I am not catholic and I am Gay and I like Pope Francis.I think he is really going to shake things up in the vatican.

The people distanced by Pope Francis are those who "call themselves Roman Catholic;" yet DO NOT believe in the DOCTRINES of the Church!    Therefore; as I have been saying; they are HERETICS!

it is good, we have a new pope.

He is a great guy, i can already tell and i have a lot of respect for him. as a muslim, i hope abrahamic faiths of islam and christianity as well as judaism can come closer together.

I think ,the pope will, do good at the world prayer .and for the people.

God bless him!Ya' know what? If you want to be Catholic, then listen to Francis, Benedict, John Paul, etc., etc. Moral Truth and the Good News that Jesus preached are a constant and have nothing to do with polls or what's cool. If your ethics and moral views are flexible, then you belong somewhere else .... period!!

I`m a comitted catholic and i voted for Obama

we all know Chile is the superior south american country

The current Pope can't be accused of being a pedophile because he's not the same man anymore.

The man who has nothing to hide wouldn't change his name.

The Pope is and will always be a symbol of what truly is wrong in religious belief, that is catholic.

Why the heck is he bowing down to the african dictator robert mugabe?.He is lame.

God bless our Pope!

The HATE FILLED atheists and Progressive obamaloving Liberals are showing their skunk stripes as I knew they would. They HATE everything and anything that is traditional and are never happy. They constantly preach TOLERANCE but are NEVER TOLERANT for Conservative values or Traditional values. They are the hypocrites of the Universe and can't even see past their own one-sided mentality. They are the ignorant freaks that are ruining this country and others. I dare you to see the TRUTH about what you are. INTOLERANT HYPOCRITES.

As a non-catholic, but somewhat orthodox christian, Pope Francis seems to be the answer to the church's woes. I have long hoped and prayed for such a man, and now here he is. I pray he will stay this way throughout his life, and lead the church forward, back to the center of Jesus' will.Wish him the best, he has quite a monumental task in front of him.

We implore God to grant Him the STRENGTH and GRACE needed to run the HOLY MOTHER Church and equally the boldness to confront the recent issues that has plagued the Church in recent times. Amen

Who knows he may the next Saint one day like Pope John Paul ll.

In due time, the Catholic Church will have married priests.

I like him though we disagree on a couple of things.  He did support the excommunication of a 9-year-old girl pregnant with twins due to being raped by her uncle.  She could not have survived carrying the twins and had no chance at a normal delivery but he supported excommunicating her for having an abortion in spite of all the medical statements that she was so tiny that her little body could not have survived.

Jesus' teachings lead my life. No pope or his worship of Mary will ever be able to do that.

read Mary s Magnificat in scripture , she rejoices in Christ her Redeemer! the historical and biblical Mary is much different from the one catholics have created over the years.the eastern church and the protestant reformation, and the spanish inquisitions that killed many innocent people show the true colors of the leadership of the catholic church, the catholic laitity are nice people, but the leadership is not inspired of God, they are a state created organization of the roman government.Jesus never behaved or destroyed innocent life the way the crusades did.!

hopefully he brings more atheist to the light of the lord!

....as the pews continue to empty and the churches are gradually shuddered.

I am glad to hear Pope Francis talking about helping the poor and weak!I wonder how many children he molested.

He seems like a decent, loving person who cares for the poor and downtrodden.This love and caring is the opposite of the Republican party, who protect the rich.

Is Pope Francisco part Native American There was a guy dressed as an American Indian there

a cardinal who acts like a dove is not very well liked in the nest.  his "friends" are grinding their teeth and impatiently waiting to dump all the sheesh on him.

Great Pope! Great choice for our world!

I hope he throw's the pedafilers in jail....it's time they stop protecting and start acting like Catholics should.....

I’m not Catholic but I like this Pope!  He seems so genuine and down to earth!

I think he is for Real, humble and down to earth. This is what the world needs.He reminds me of mother Teresa.

This Pope is too lively for my tastes...he seems like a regular guy...no special magic powers or nuthin'.   I like my Popes more evil like.

I will have to take a wait and see approach to Pope Francis. When I see someone like Joe Biden and company getting the VIP treatment by the US Cardinals it makes me wonder, will they ever return from there apostasy. Biden thinks Roe v Wade is a moral victory for womens liberation, he celebrates the murder of over 50 million of Christ weakest, the unborn child with a soul as a victory. If only Pope Benedict was 10yrs younger he would have continued to clean house of these evil men. Rome is losing the faith, I look to Fatima, the bible, and the Rosary for my inspiration. I hold the Catholic Faith close to my heart, and to see Christs vicar on earth welcoming men whom have the blood of millions upon millions of Christ unborn children is no less than a slap in the face to our Blessed Virgin Mary. Biden is a non repentant person and has no place inside the house of the Lord until he publicily recounts his choice to support the murder of Christ children..Shame on you Dolan, O'Malley, Mahony, you have brought about your own chastisements..The Catholic church is not suffering, it is standing on solid ground.  There are 7 billion humans on earth, of which 1+ billion are Catholics, 1 billion are Chinese, and 300 million are Americans.The new Pope does not have to be "a showman and salesman for the Catholic faith."  The head of 1+ billion Catholics, does not have to be an entertainer.Neither bozo (barack hussein obama) nor select American Catholics opposed to Catholic dictum, will be able to dictate policies to the Vatican regarding homosexuals, women as priests, open door policy to homosexuals, contraceptives, abortion, nor marrying homosexuals to the new Catholic Pope Francis.  That is not going to happen.With 1+ billion Catholics around the world, the primary duty of the new Pope will continue to be to promote and defend Catholic dictum, rules and regulations, no homosexuals, and no same sex marriage.And yes the new Pope Francis will have to deal with the world problem of Catholic homosexual pedophile priests.

Wait till he says no birth control pills. His popularity will go down like a clown. Same old gang.

"34% of Catholics and 45% of all respondents say they had not heard about him" ... these people are living under rocks.

Stop believing that your belief in Jesus has saved you from whatever evil you imagine and start practicing what Jesus taught.The Kingdom of Heaven is here, on Earth, in you, in all of us. Jesus said so.

He has made a hell of a lot better impression on me that a certain President I can think of.

So many rules. So many never mentioned by Jesus.Organized religion is corrupt, whether Roman Catholic or Protestant.

The vatican needs a lot of PR this what this is.

Once the honeymoon is over, he better attend to the business at hand, otherwise, his popularity will sink in no time. He needs to do things to restore faith and trust in the church, can he? I wish him well, but won't hold my breath! If I were him, the 1st thing I do I would excummunicate all the bad apples in the church. Report all petiphiles to the their local police. And go from there...

An "Ordinary man" heightened to the Level of GOD by 1 Billion+Hypocritical Christians!!

the church is founded on CHRIST JESUS not a pope my friendsAll his attention to the poor, he sounds positively leftist. Something tells me this one isn't going to last much longer than John Paul 1.

VIVA PAPA

He never grabbed my cat wiener, so I guess he's alright.

Real good first impression on americans when his american bishops call for a march on Washington  during the Supreme Courts review of gay marriage.  Yes, he's a real sweet man for sure....

Just who are the poor and weak and how did they get that way?  Do they deserve help?  Many of the poor have done great harm to others and helping many of those poor will only result in more harm being done to others. So how do you help the deserving poor?

foxbots are trained to be bitter and negative and hateful and spiteful.  Sad; very sad.  They need an education and a job and a purpose in life.

And what about the church of Scientology? Has he impressed them? Has he impressed Fred and Shirley Phelps, and all of the Southern Baptist snake handlers, or even the Mormons?

Matthew 16:18 And so I say to you, you are Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of the netherworld shall not prevail against it. 19 I will give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. Whatever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.”Isaiah 22:20 On that day I will summon my servant Eliakim, son of Hilkiah; 21 I will clothe him with your robe, gird him with your sash, confer on him your authority. He shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.  22 I will place the key of the House of David on his shoulder; what he opens, no one will shut, what he shuts, no one will open. 23 I will fix him as a peg in a firm place, a seat of honor for his ancestral house;

he is not as humble as i thought he was.....

Honeymoon will end soon as he speaks out against Gay Marriage and Abortion.I bet 65% of Catholics are Liberals and for them these 2 issues supersede any belief in God.A quarter of United State are Roman Catholic and the rest are coming from other faith including Islam. Obama said, "America is not a Christian country". If it is not then what is it? It seems that the US people have election someone without any direction.

The Catholic church is an abomination. There is no pope in the bible, nor did Jesus leave a man in charge of his Church

THE  best of all.

Wow

I think it's amazing he rides the bus with the people.,imagine doing that in New York? Oh, by the way dialogue is only for changeable things. God doesn't change

God bless Pope Fracis1,God bless catholic Church.Our new Pope is God sent

Unless Pope Francis eases the restrictions on all Catholic Women by allowing women to be priests, priests to marry, et, it will be hard to determine whether Catholics are Christians or Taliban Muslims.

I was raised Roman Catholic. I like the idea of a new pope it is  to  soon to tell

When Pope Francis met Joe Biden he must have thought, what a vuckstick. I mean seriously, could we not send someone better to represent the United States?

I hope Pope Francis 1 is not there to downplay what is really going on at the Vatican. I also hope that the Cardinals did not just elect him knowing he would do a good job to cover up the Vatican's transgressions. He seems like a man with so much compassion and so much love in his heart. A people Pope. I wish him well a pray that he will be able to bring back the true church.....the church of the people.If you would have dressed Data from Star Trek the First Generation in a White rfobe, they would have said the same thing.  The need to follow and be told what to believe is a an overwhelming neccesity  in a great number of people!

The not so Free Press can only see things through their myopic Lens. What they are really thinking: Is this new Pope going to be a threat to the way We do business. Maybe if We are nice to Pope Francis he will leave us alone and not expose us for who We really are.

"Of those who are aware of the new pope, 85 percent of all U.S. adults surveyed had a favorable view of him, including 94 percent of Catholics, according to the poll."I am not surprised. They treat him like he's God on Earth after all.

Good now how about sending some money to the churches destroyed on the East coast during last years storm........................

He may be OK as long as he keeps off the affair's of the Protestants in America.If people wants to Join a Catholic church, that's Ok as long as Catholics have a right to choose to be protestant. Fair enough?

Just a thought, but isn't the church supposed to be against gay marriage? Again, just a thought.-A concerned Christian

You said "54 percent of U.S. Catholics support gay marriage" .  They are not Catholics.  They should be Protestants or some other religion. You're not going to change the Catholic church to fit your beliefs- That will not happen.

He's got small shoes to fill. That certainly doesn't hurt!

In due time, the Catholic Church will formally accept situation ethics for ordinary Catholics. It has long been part of its teaching to its priests but not with that new name - new from the 60s, I think it is.

You know this guy has had some of that fine Latinapoon...he's too happy and non gay looking not too have pompartied with the mami'sGive the poor guy a chance. He has to dig the Vatican out of a mess so big that the last pope resigned over it. It is not just the international ring of pedophiles, the scandal with the Vatican bank or homosexuality in the Vatican. There is even more to come. The office and home of the front runner Italian cardinal, who thought he was going to win, was raided by the police over Mafia connections. There is talk that Pope John Paul l was murdered only 33 after he became Pope. I always thought John Paul ll was helped along too. There are Italian doctors who think so too. This guy must be really scared of the job that befell him. His only asset is in the court of public opinion and his history in Argentina doesn't make that easy either. Let's see what he does in the next few weeks.  If the church expects to have any moral authority at all he has to crack down on just about everything.

#$%$ him.

You  never hear a word about Christ, its just pope pope pope.The pope claims to take the place of Christ. This he does very well.The word " ANTI " means  ( substitute) in greek, ( The languege the N.Test. was written in )By the Vaticans own wording, the the pope is the vicar of Christ      By  the very words of the Vatican, and the Bible, its plain to acknowledge. The POPE IS THE ANTI CHRIST or Substitute for Christ.  Deceiving the whole world, right according to Bible prophecy.

Cocaine made a good first impression too.

The closer we get to the End, the more people will follow lies and false religion. Catholicism paganized the Truth centuries ago and has been the world leader in false Christianity. These are the ones prophesied about by the first Apostles. They did not spare the flock. They hunted Christians in the name of God, and claimed to eradicating witchcraft.The Catholic religion is nothing more than a large, powerful, social and political entity.

When are you stupid cristians going too realize that this rape is imbedded in the very fiber of your church and the early folks who had a hand in creating it, and the mythology. Zeus was your great god, and he turned into an eagle and swoopled down and grabbed Gannameade in his talons and took him up and raped im. They made him the cup bearer and helper  in heaven or wherever they took him. And who are the cup bearers and helpers in the church. The f(-)ckin alter boys you j/\ckasses!!!Yeah zeus had other wives but he was f(-)ckin young boys too! This is your own mythology. How can you learn the concepts of god in Egypt and then switch it into some f/\ggot sh\t the first chance you get. Phillip of Macedonia had a boy lover. Google it if you don't believe me. So did socrates. So did Constantine who held the first councel at nicea 235 ad and incoporated the same practices within the church. It is a homosexual cult peole wake the f(-)ck up already! They all rape kids. why do you think they cover up for each other. Some get justice, but they're the peons who the top brass dont give a f(-)ck about. They're all f/\gs. Get out for you and your alterboy son's sake.The Boyscouts and Second Mile organizations are candy stores for these f/\ggots. That's why they want f/\gs boys allowed in the Scouts. Be truthful. If they let the gays in the scouts, do you think sooner or later we're going to hear about some rape on a camping trip? Some kind of innapropriate sh\t that happened. You know it will. And that's what they want because out of all the reported cases, Im positive there will be an even higer percentage of unreported ones, because the kids are gay anyway.

Gullible people will embrace anything that will seemingly satisfy this security instinct, no matter how far-fetched. The charlatans of the supernatural then exploit this intellectual deficiency. The human emotional need for religion and the paranormal is rooted in insecurity and the fear of uncertainty. Life is inherently uncertain. Wild flights of fancy into the land of mirages does not make it less so..The arena of the paranormal is very attractive to many persons, practitioners and followers alike, because real science can be difficult to pursue and places demands on the rational mind. Real science requires hard evidence, demonstrable repeatability and logical thought processes.The world of the paranormal is the world of things that go thump in the night, fantastic stories addressed to intellectually challenged minds. The supernatural is an arena where there is no need to prove anything; it is a world without objective evidence. The Paranormal has only one design: To deceive and to prey on the gullible.Religion and the domain of the supernatural suffer from identical problems: Claims not supported by evidence. If we choose to accept something as true that science had already established as false, we do so at the peril of losing predictability in our endeavor to achieve desired results, including our quest for enduring happiness.

Molesting rapist always make a good first impression. Toss them all in prison, throw away the key, and watch them rot to death.

I think we need to back off losing positions on issues that dont really hurt anyone like gay marriage and contraception because it turns off younger and less informed people to more important conservative beliefs such as stopping abortion and the assualt on the church from all sides.

In two hundred years christianity will be a quiet, cheerful relic, something people shake their heads about and wonder how it ever got so important. They'll wonder why we were so dumb to let religious values interfere in the responsible governance of the nation, why we let those values actually create wars.he isnt dumb 1.2 BILLION catholics if he can get five bucks a week from each one by the time the money is divided up between the parish the diocese and the vatican gets their take say one buck thats a BILLION BUCKS a WEEK  not bad for not actually having a job and convincing a bunch of dumb chumps that there are invisible men in the sky watching the sex escapades of 7 BILLION humans every second! thats ONE TRILLION sex acts a year how do they do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its all about the M O N E Y !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

As a recovering Catholic I have no interest in who the Pope is!Sell off all that useless Vatican gold and feed the world.Then you're with Jesus!And before any mega-church people get high and mighty, you're no different.Flash and pizazz, very little meaning!

Is that Richard Simmons or Art Garfunkel next to the Pope?

It is important for the Church to gain the trust of Catholics, otherwise they don't get free access to their children.

I think that all Jews should convert and become Catholics. This pope could make them less arrogant.

The 54 % aren't Roman Catholics, they're heretics!

I know what boys like....boys like..boys like ..boys like me (Herbert)

To say he is not in touch with US Catholics is absurd. US Catholics are not in touch with themselves or their faith. Only 20% of them attend mass and many are heretics by definition due to their own deviations of their own beliefs that are antithetical to not only Catholic thought but also Christian thought.Perhaps this Pope will say as Christ did in direct terms: weeds grow among the sewed grain. All will be harvested and the weeds bundled and tossed into the fire. Only through me can you enter the kingdom.US Catholics, and others, cannot be selective to follow the rules they like and not others and expect to still hold the title of Catholic or Christian. Can an athlete practice only the drills he prefers and sit out the others he does not like and expect to play in the game or win favor with the coach?  Can the 1st violinist practice only the tunes she prefers and not the others the director assigns and expect to remain at 1st violin? Of course not, Why would it be any different in tenets of faith?

Never heard of a Pope that preach the Gospel of Christ. to the nations.

"Pope Francis makes good first impression on U.S. Catholics: poll"Let's hope that Pope Francis' first impression of U.S. Catholics is ALSO good, what with our SILENCE regarding the LEGALIZED TORTURE and DRONE BOMBINGS OF CHILDREN and the MASSIVE FINANCIAL FRAUD and the WAR CRIMES and the blatant VIOLATIONS OF RULE OF LAW  being committed here.Why do anti-Christians have such a fixation about having sex with children? hmmm

"In touch with the modern world" = ready for "change" as in teaching "alternate" principles than those of the Bible. "Conservative" = accurate to the Bible and doing the job that he is called to do as it is meant to be done.  I hope that he is Conservative and does not opt for counter culture (liberation theology) leadership.Here in the USA, we had Father Coughlin advancing fascism &amp; socialism (Liberation Theology) with his radio shows, speaker box and "Social Justice" Magazine in the 1930s. He was "persueded" to back off or else he faced being defrocked by the Church. There is a division in the Church between that old, corrupt socialist perversion of the Bible (Covet thy neighbor's goods to redistribute to the poor) and the Conservative, accurate Bible lessons of Love thy neighbor as thyself, DON'T steal or covet thy neighbor's goods - $$$ - use YOURS and use fundraising. Use YOUR effort. The lessons are for YOU, not for you to judge and take from others. SELF responsibility. YOUR chosen path brings rewards or consequences. We get liberation theology from the Democrat Party. It's agas against the Declaration of Independence and Constitution as it is against the Bible.

Love the woman behind the Pope dude.Power to the People !!!

who is the pope for and why doesnt baptist preachers get the same billings as a pope,they believe and trust god as our savior. neither one ever saw jesus

May the LORD ALMIGHT protect you our dear humble pope Francis

I liked him when I heard he's against Obama and Biden...obviously a bright man.

I already seen that type of campaigning francis did already which was similar to barack's.  If the vatican wants to change then get rid of the dagon fish hat and stop worshiping the queen of heaven, that you disguised as Mary.

The two greatest challenges for the next pope: a.how to get rid of the counterfeit Jesus Christ and b.how to engineer the return of the real Jesus Christ .  In other words: how can the next pope catch the two most wanted fish?  Answer: Biblically it was predicted that the Apostles (and successors) will catch nothing because only the small boy has Mother Mary’s magic formula of five loaves that catches the two big fish.In fact, had Pope John Paul II caught the fish at exactly the turn of the third millennium or third day that Jesus promised to return as God, the 9/11 attacks of 2001 up to 2012 would never have happened.

Press has another place to go, besides commenting every little yhing  Obama does. But they better be good and fair, because God is with Pope Francis.

I am told from a very good source that the catholic and the Muslim religions have started to engage in trading there used "Boys " as both religions are heavly into pedophila !This Pope is no good. Looks like he has a liberal agenda towards poverty and climate change. We Publikans don't like it.- GOP

The only way he'd make a good impression on me would be for him to announce that he was going to sell the Vatican's gold and art treasures and use the proceeds to feed the poor. Otherwise he's just another guy running around in brocaded dresses saying how silly gay people are.

1. Catholics do not confuse the Pope with Christ...the Pope is the chief Bishop, Christ Jesus is the son of the Living God.2. Christians have celebrated Mass over tombs for nearly 2000 years. The Altar in St. Peters is over St. Peter's Tomb.3. The Catholic Church is older and has been teaching longer than ALL Protestant churches4. The Pope and Catholics are ProChrist not anti-Christ.

Don't get me wrong, The guilty need to be punished, but God forgives everyone that asks. Unfortunately his children like to point fingers and call each other names, and sin with the sinners that they call out. I am guilty as well and I am trying to change. But we are not here to play God. If the law does not take care of the sinners he will.

CARDINAL MAHONEY HELPED ELECT THIS GUY. THE SAME MAHONEY THAT L.A. Times exposed as having covered up for child molesting priests in his diocese. They cannot do unclean things like that and have the Holy Spirit. what they have is blasphemy. There are no Jews at the Vatican- not even a rabbi named Jesus. Please, people. get some common sense, some faith. Those people don't have God of Israel. it is something else. evil.

You can say that pope Francis is very "pope"pular with many Catholics

I left the catholic church for many reasons, however, the sincerity, direction and character of Pope Francis encourage me to think about returning.  He certainly is creating a stir in this world!  God bless him in his very important tasks and responsibilities.

How ludicrous! The Holy Spirit is holy- has NOTHING to do with uncleanness such as child molestation, idolatry, prayers to dead sainted persons. Even worse, Cardinal Mahoney, who helped elect this HUMAN to his papal office, was uncovered in the L.A. Times just within the past month for helping to cover up for and ship out child raping priests for the last 30 years. These people have NOTHING to do with the God of Israel, nor a rabbi named Jesus. Their deeds are those of Lucifer. Please, people, wake up!

Even the Atheists  in Italia like him! Questo papa e il Gia un mitto. Hes already a myth!

Christ is not the son of God, but a messenger of God, not the son of God, book you a lot of contradictions in it, has a lot of human intervention, human edited, how could a book that a lot of contradictions in it and edited to say as scripture? isa / jesus circumcision, why do not you follow? isa says worship Allah alone and seek help from Allah, why do you even divinize him, why? isa / jesus do not eat pigs and dogs, do you follow? gives you reason to think, and thinking is still alive! creation isa / jesus is the same with the creation of adam,,, God said be then be what God wantsOur supply of young boys has run out get the sheep

the pope is not the holy 1---god is the only holy 1--end of story----------

these people are huge frauds who do things they tell people not to do, they victimize and lie, heavily. Don't they know these people have ruined many lives?they're no healers, not spiritual, just frauds taking fools moneyand abusing them childrenit's sick, I'm sorry to tell you

Even Catholics can repent and be saved.They just have to realise that 75% of the things Catlickers believe and do are sins!

If he can keep his wang out of little boy's behinds, I'll be impressed then.

Christ is not the son of God, but a messenger of God, not the son of God, book you a lot of contradictions in it, has a lot of human intervention, human edited, how could a book that a lot of contradictions in it and edited to say as scripture? isa / jesus circumcision, why do not you follow? isa says worship Allah alone and seek help from Allah, why do you even divinize him, why? isa / jesus do not eat pigs and dogs, do you follow? gives you reason to think, and thinking is still alive! creation isa / jesus is the same with the creation of adam,,, God said be then be what God wants

Who do you trust more..1- pope,..2- Obama  to keep a secret ? Hhmmm

People judge to quickly. We have no idea how it will turn out. Serial killers often act like kind, outgoing people before they get you. He could be doing this to gain favor or he could actually be this kind and caring person. We will find out in the years to come.This really has nothing to do with me since I'm not Catholic, but Instead of making your judgement now I would say it is in your best interest to wait a while. People can always wear a mask.

the altar boys are greasing up

I am a Christian but I am not Catholic. I hear that the Pope represents St. Peter. The Pearly Gates. If that's so I understand now the honor of meeting him and kissing the ring. If I should only be so lucky. God bless and keep you Pope Francis.If you believe on nothing, you can believe on anything, you can just go where the current is going not knowing where it is heading.

If the Church doesn't stand for what it believes, then it will fall.  Like the American society.

What this Pope needs to do next is correct  those early errors the church committed. The Roman Catholic Church supported  Trans Atlantic Slave Trade and benfitted from it. He must acknowledge that evil.

First impression? I think the new pope looks dashing!

As you said " First Impression" must be...

Wooo,  that's  difficult,   you could make  them  believe  you are  Christs  second  coming  with a bag of  firecrackers  and   a  flashlight,

Father Francis. Please heal the church. End the oppression of women. End the oppression of homosexuality. End the corruption of celibacy. Bring the church back to us. And back to Christ.

3users liked this commentThumbs UpThumbs Down1users disliked this commentull  •  2 days 21 hrs ago RemoveWhen Jesus went into the region of Ceasarea Philippi he asked his disciples, "Who do people say that the Son of Man is?" They replied, "Some say John the Baptist, others Elizah, still others Jeremiah or one of the prophets," He said to them, "But who do you say that I am?" Simon Peter said in reply, "You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God." Jesus said to him in reply, :Blessed are you,Simon son of Jonah. For flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my heavenly Father, And I say to you , you are Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of the netherworld shall not prevail against it. I will give you you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. Whatever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven," Matthew 16: 13-1

Key word: Impression.   Wow!  I'm impressed.

Oooooh the smoke and mirrors......We are self-aware. We are aware of our own mortality. The Flight -Fight response to an anticipated death results in death anxiety. Resulting in the 7 stages of grief which are, shock, denial, anger, bargaining, depression, testing, and acceptance.Plato (429–347 B.C.E.) was both an Idealist and a Reincarnationist.  In his Apology, due to the Cycle of Opposites, states that since people are alive they must have been once dead thus the human soul is immortal.   Furthermore, in his Platonic Forms, the material world is merely an imperfect copy (eidôla) of a perfect Idea (paradeigmata).  Thus, the flesh being material is imperfect and the soul is perfect.  Likewise, ideas are superior to material proof. With these analogies Plato espouses asceticism and self-mortification to  purify the immortal soul and mortify the flesh.   As a result from our denial of our own mortality we are reduced to live a life of mortification, self-loathing and guilt simply for being a normal human.  If this reminds you of your religion there is a good reason! Plato’s philosophy influenced  Philo of Alexandria with Judaism, St. Augustine of Hippo with Christianity.  Plato also influenced Avicenna and Averroes with Islam.Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines faith as “firm belief in something for which there is no proof.” Conversely, Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines the scientific method thus, “principles and procedures for the systematic pursuit of knowledge involving the recognition and formulation of a problem, the collection of data through observation and experiment, and the formulation and testing of hypotheses.”     The primary difference is the amount of proof required for an idea before accepting it as truth. Whereas Religion claims it is the absolute truth, unchanging and is zealous.  Science is a journey toward truth, it is self- correcting and is impartial.  Furthermore, many religiously believe in an idea even if there is proof to the contrary. The more emotionally invested we are in an idea, the less likely we are to listen to reason.  Whereas, there are many subjective perceptions of reality, there is only one objective reality and one absolute truth.  However, to ardently accept one idea often precludes another idea as truth. This inhibits furthering our understanding of reality. This is not merely an academic exercise, to be practical, it makes life a lot harder than it has to be. In fact, accepting things as they really are may be essential to our very survival. Also, the better we understand reality, the better we can utilize that knowledge to actually achieve some of what our heart most desires. All we have to do is to find the courage to accept our own mortality and live life to its fullest. Carpe diem!

54% of US Catholics believe in SSM?  There is no way they asked 100% of US Catholics!  Secondly, if they do believe in SSM then they aren't Catholic!  It's time the Church got rid of the dissenters and let them join a heretical community - the church of England will take them!

I hope Pope Francis won't wage a holy war against contraception like mother Theresa did. Mother theresa Gutted the family planning program in India. (I am taking about contraceptives (condoms and Norplant implant to prevent pregnancy not abortion).To learn about Mother Theressa's position search for her Nobel speech.From national Catholic reporter"Bergoglio is seen an unwaveringly orthodox on matters of sexual morality, staunchly opposing abortion, same-sex marriage, and contraception.In 2010 he asserted that gay adoption is a form of discrimination against children, earning a public rebuke from Argentina's President, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.Nevertheless, he has shown deep compassion for the victims of HIV-AIDS; in 2001, he visited a hospice to kiss and wash the feet of 12 AIDS patients." the last thing we need in the third world is a baby boom. Other than that it looks like Pope Francis is a fantastic choice.

I don"t belive that

Sooo baaad!!!

And in other news, the pope dropped a healthy deuce this morning that sent his aids running for the outdoors.....

Wow

Yea gee, hes from argentina. Wonder if he knows about those #$%$ who hid .......aaaaaa nevermind.

U.S. Baptists too.

After long time you can see Good Pope.What is going to happened Italian Mafia.After long time you can see Good Pope.What is going to happened Italian Mafia.

what is the satanic number of rebellion ?   13what is the age of the new pope ?76yrs    7+6= 13what date was the pope elected ?  3-13-2013      3+1+3+2+1+3= 13remember that number 13 also happens to be the scared number in freemasonrycheck this out ...Bergoglio  (his last name)  its GermanIt means  mountain or rock  and it also means peterOglio  is a river in Italy  (Rome)His last name translate   Rock Rome   OR  PETRUS ROMANUS  which is peterthe romanAccording to the catholic prophecy  by St Malachy  this is the last pope

Is it odd that the last two popes, Benedict and Francis, are from the genetic pool that gave us Der Fuhrer (Hitler) and Il Duce (Mussolini)?

what ever happen to the real church of preaching Jesus saves, repentances, salvation, living a clean godly life, loveing the soul but hate sin, trust, clean business pratices,obey parents .

he hasn't abused anyone yet, to our knowledge

1/4 of Americans support child molestation by not DEMANDING criminal action against their so called "holy" figures.3/4 of American's are ignorant on what evolution actually says as a  SCIENTIFIC THEORY (theory and scientific theory have two different meanings....look it up.....) No matter how you put it, I.D will NEVER be a SCIENTIFIC theory.........1/2 of American's think NASA missions are a waste of money, without understanding the scientific and technological advances it provides (I forget who said it, but statistically for EVERY dollar a person paid into NASA, that money was returned 5 fold, in the innovations and industries developed by their research..... CORDLESS power tools is just one innovation....)American's rank 23rd in the understanding of ALL sciences in the world. This from a country that put some people on the Moon.....PATHETIC....I could go on and on....... here's a non American opinion, drop your Bibles and start reading something that is actually true....

In due time, the Catholic Church will accept abortion, but with  conditions. Otherwise, it will be still called a sin.

Celibate priests, slavewomen (nuns), robes, chants, candles...lol.  It's 2013 people!

I am looking forward to him throwing all the bad ones out, even if they are Cardinals. The Church is in desperate need of reform.

Why wouldn't they like him? He's completely consistent with all the Catholic Church's backwards 16th century philosophies."Good Impression"? Humble Vatican?Vatican will  never have "Good Impression" on me.

hi mr. priest would you like to see my male sexual organs?

IN THE KNOWHow many among us, say they believeBut all it turned out to be, was a sceneA scene, like in a movie scriptPresented to the people, to make them believeBut in reality, all it was, was make believeSad the day, I truly understoodThe crafty, the wicket, oh the underhanded stuffIt was like having a rug pulled under footJargon my mind and made me toughHow much I owe to my Savior, My LordMy best friend, who had me flooredHe showed me the truth, beyond compareBecause I asked and did what I shouldPeople resent it, most of the timesThose are the ones, that were left behindBut to those that listened and headed his wordsThey are my brothers and sisters, so I've heardHis kindness, his love, all so DivineHe released the hardships from my mindThe pain is gone, but the scene remainsAs a reminder, of all those that cameTo those of you, who are afraidChange today, I would certainly remainMake your movie, a reality showI'll see you and all those that are in the know

I demand a recount...Kodos for pope 2013! ! ! !

He will probably like the Right mor'n the Left.  The left tries to get rid of the Poor that our new Pope loves.  The right tries very hard to create as many new ones as they can.

I voted for Kodos, but I can deal with this guy

The Vatican should be turned into a Theme Park dealing with the bizarre, the occult, illusions, Perversion, exorcism and confidence games. The number one attraction would be the Vatican Chamber of Horrors.The Chamber of Horrors based on the Inquisition would be even more dramatic than blood-curdling displays in other famous museums. With modern technology they could even reproduce a 'live' burning at the stake, or a hanging with real neck-breaking sounds. I would not suggest any displays of child abuse, even though the Pope would protest, It would be just too repugnant.In any case such a Theme Park would certainly be historically honest - more than can be said about the myths and lies the Roman Catholic Cult has been pumping out for centuries

If he thinks that the Church of Christ is built on him and not on the true foundation which is Jesus then he is just another heretic.

He looks like a white Al Roker.

most catholics lie,drink,steal and are massive hypocritesf the pope

Why does the news media waste so much bandwidth on the Pope and Catholicism?

Great deal going on now for indulgences on catholic web site. Check it out . I bought 2!!

The Day "The Pope" goes to North Korea and with all his Holiness convince the North Koreans not to start WW3 then he will make a good impression on me, otherwise he is just another mortal surrounded by Gold. Talk about Dictatorship. Get on your knees, pray, kiss my hand oh and pay up the church!! Yeah that's God alright.

I'm trying to understand why my minister, the reverend Bobby Siggs, keeps saying that the catholics Church is some Red (Naughty Woman) of Babylon. None of my friends down here in Golub, TN can explain this to me. Why would he say this? How can a rellgion be some fallen woman. And why is she red ?

New first pervert! Time for the catholic religion and the muslim religion to be banned. Both are man made and serve their evil purposes.

the gospel is about JESUS CHRIST and the first thing he does is go and pray to mary not to JESUS CHRIST  mary sorry pope mary cant here you it sickens me

St. Acts 10:25-26 of the Holy Bible: "And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him.But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man." We should stop the apostasy of worshipping man. All I hear about is mortal sinful man: a pope. I hear littlei or  anything about God or Jesus Christ. We are ascribing honor to the creature than the Creator. Stop the apostasy.

Just plain old HOLY #$%$.

Catholics are impressed because they've been conditioned since birth to go along with any bs the church spoon-feeds them.Let`s hope all his male lovers keep their mouths shut.

Do some research on what George Washington, Abe Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson and few other founding fathers thought of the Jesuits if you want a real American opinion.

Now if Francis would take his speech about gay people with families being child abusers and just call for the extinction of the gays like God demanded of us.What happened to Christianity?  We used to stand for something, now we allow these freaks of nature to ruin marriage and rape our children?It is clear what God wanted us to do with homosexuals.  Why we are denying God's will, I do not know...There is no room in religion for changes to the words of God.  He may not speak out loud to us now, but he did back then and his words were pretty cut and dry.If you're a #$%$, you die.  Period.

Public Banning Order to be issued by the Common Law Court of Justice against Pope, Cardinals, and Archbishop Wilfrid Napier for aiding and encouraging child rapeBrussels:After evading arrest by lawful Common Law Court officers, over thirty officials of church and state now face permanent banishment from their communities during Easter Week for being wanted criminals who are a danger to children everywhere.These officers include Pope Francis I and former Pope Joseph Ratzinger, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Queen Elizabeth Windsor of England, all of whom were ordered detained by Citizen Arrest Warrants issued by the International Common Law Court of Justice on March 5 and 15, 2013."They have defied the law and lawful arrest, so therefore they are declared to be public enemies who are no longer welcome or allowed in our communities" explained Rev. Kevin Annett, who presented the evidence to the Court that convicted the guilty.And now, a South African Catholic Archbishop who elected Pope Francis 1 has joined the ranks of officials who have been so banished.After stating publicly that child rape is not a crime, and thereby endangering children in his community, the Archbishop of Durban, South Africa, Wilfrid Napier, has joined the ranks of over thirty church and state officials who as of Palm Sunday, March 24, will be declared banished from their communities by order of the Common Law Court of Justice.This Banishment Proclamation was issued today and is enclosed. It will be read and posted at catholic churches around the world on Sunday, March 24, and during Easter Week.The persons named in this Banishment are no longer welcome or allowed in any church or public facility, and are ordered to avoid contact with any child or victim of church violence.If the guilty do not abide by this Public Banishment, they can be detained and arrested by any Citizen, with or without a Citizen Arrest Warrant.The ITCCS calls upon the citizens of the world and all ITCCS affiliates to enforce this Banishment by doing the following:1. Post the enclosed Banishment Proclamation on Catholic and Protestant churches and other facilities throughout the world starting next Sunday, March 24.2. Occupy these churches and government offices to ensure that the guilty criminals have no contact with children and other vulnerable people.3. Inform the local police that these criminals are evading Citizens' Arrest and are a threat to the community and to the safety of children.4. Monitor the actions and movements of these guilty men and women, and known child rapists, and detain them if possible.Further notices concerning the actions of ITCCS groups in twenty one countries during Easter Week will follow shortly.Issued 18 March, 2013ITCCS Central, Brussels

Now ask the question: How many are practicing Catholics? They always count anyone in any way that was associated with being Catholic. All religions do it, it's called exaggeration.

is he a child raper to!!!!!

Many Argentinas left the Catholic Church because of this man and for good reason.....He was not friend to the Argentina people during the 70's and 80's, a lot of people died because he would step forward...

I think pope francis will make a great pope.he is for the people and seems to be a very smart man with alot of compassion for the people he is suppose to be helping.they have needed someone for a very long time that worked for the people and not for the church.

I have very high hopes for Pope Francis, but it's too early to judge. He have many huge tasks that face him, and he must tackle areas of the estahblishment that has been part of the problems. I pray he continues to be strong. I support him.

And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication' So how does the pope get involved in this?Well , he is gonna deal with lots of questions marks . Lets hope he is the one who bring us all together . May God bless him and help him ...

polls are real.. millions of people have been called and voted in... all to bring you this true fact.. people love the pope... children especially are waiting in line for hand jobs

The pope thinks that women are second-class people and have no role in the management of the church.  Is this wrong?

Who Cares about the pope/pastors and all their kind.They all need to get a real JOB like the rest of us. JESUS said in Matthew 23 8 But none of you should be called a teacher. You have only one teacher, and all of you are like brothers and sisters. 9 Don’t call anyone on earth your father. All of you have the same Father in heaven. 10 None of you should be called the leader. The Messiah is your only leader. 11 Whoever is the greatest should be the servant of the others. 12 If you put yourself above others, you will be put down. But if you humble yourself, you will be honored.JESUS DID AWAY WITH THE MIDDLE MAN ,WE HAVE DIRECT ACCESS TO THE FATHER THRU JESUS.

Now if the Pope can sell off the millions of dollars worth of artwork stored at the Vatican, and feed the poor and hungry of the world, he's accomplished something. Jesus never owned an oil painting.

Pope Francis will do well. Francis of Assisi pray for us.

Santa Claus makes good first impression on the brain dead

And if we are not impressed?

This pope will have a shorter term than the previous pope. The 8th king is upon us. WE will soon see things in this world that we have not seen in a long time.

just another hitler youth nazi boy lover.there are going to be a lot of people surprised when their time comes you areworshipping the wrong one.

The Pope doesn't care what Americans think about him  Good for him.  US catholics are irrelevant.

Ask Catholics if they are aware of his actions during the brutal regime in Argentina in the 70s and 80s, and find out how many haven't got a clue or don't care.

"Another 34 percent of Catholics...say they had not heard about him, the poll found."So in other words, about 34% of people who call themselves Catholics, really aren't.

American Catholics practice birth control, the vast majority of them, 90 percent. This Pope considers that a mortal sin, so I guess all of these Catholics that love him so much are going to hell? He also said gay parents are committing child abuse, while pedophile priests run rampant....whatever.

I guess American Catholics support pedophilia

If the new Pope were sincere, he'd declare all the #$%$ priests to be posessed by demons and torture them to death as his cult did to hundreds of thousands of innocent pople a few centuries ago when they were also burning witches to death at the stake.  He wuld also enact rules against following jesus's fishing for men and little boys that got him tacked to wood.  As for the sheeple christian cult members, they're too frigging stupid to be reformed and will contnue to buy the trinkets and bible action figures on sale at the Vatican.

Martin Luther discovered the TRUTH and changed the world.

why all the hoopla?  so some bunch of sheep elected a head sheep.  big deal.  there are more important things to fret about than 115 mostly old, mostly white, all men, picking one of their own every few years.  But my god,  look at all the pomp and pageantry!!  And what would the galilean carpenter say about all THAT?  all bullsht

Its not a religion its a business.  Losers that are weak minded need religion.I live down near Hopewell , Virginia. The folks who go to my church don't believe in the Pope. Our minister, Reverend Danny Gantry, says the catholics are some Red Fallen Woman from Babylon, whatever that means. Jesus, our loving savior, has for some reason permitted our duly elected president to win over the Tea Party, God's new chosen people. What's going on here, Jesus? What are we supposed to think now? How are virtuous people going to win the War on Christmas and DOMA? Maybe Eric Cantor can win this War on Christmas before Santa comes again.

this guy frankie is an ape he cannot read a single simple line in Italiano,believers are an uneducated filth...

My fist impression of Pope Francis was indeed positive. With each passing day and new revelations he appears to be Benedict XVII. Just more medieval hypocrisy in a new package.

Thumbs Down if you believe child molestation should also be tolerated in the private sector.

The old Pope made a big impression on them too...face it..any kook they elected, Catholic's will like because theyre all kooks too!..Kooks like kooks!

Adults elected a man to to talk to their collective imaginary friend. Then he gets to live in his own personal city paid for by contributions by talking a percentage of money that is supposed to go the help the poor.The existance of the pope as a position is a discrace for humanity.

I'm so glad that my parents never put religion into my head, it's like a mental disease passed from generation to generation.

It seems like this Pope wants to recruit more little boys to feed his priests.  It is time that the President send a drone to the Vatican.

Thats against equal rights ...The Pope should have been a lesbian.

I'm jewish, not catholic. I don't need any human such as an elected pope to  lead me anywhere. Especially since cardinal mahoney was uncovered within the past month for covering up clergy sex crimes against children. That is blasphemy. God of israel is not a democracy and has no elected officers.If the pope goes to the beach, can he wear shorts?  Can he check out squirrel?

Hey Francis....Nice dress

The pope was scouting the audience for boys.

I'm just glad we didn't get a black pope.   We don't need a boy ruining the church like obama ruined the US.

Now if only Catholics could make a good impression on the rest of us.

Wow, they have a favorable opinion of someone they desire strongly to view favorably. Very impressive.

Richard, you belong to church or just trying to stir #$%$ for your own amusement? I think you are a stirrer. Obviously you have no knowledge of what you speak on.

rome is the only place that sits on 7 hills MYSTERY BABALON

Is it relevant to this discussion that there are no supernatural beings?

The Pope, Catholic Church as a whole are irrelevant to the 21st century.thanks yahoo and your dirty liberal media for giving your ok on this pope. lets see your spin on when he denounces gay marriage and abortion in the near future..

Hey did you guys hear the the dorrito's locos taco comes in cool ranch now! Still way more interesting then anything about the pope...

He does not make a good impression on me. Lol gotta love the idolitry tho. that chain around his neck is bigger then kanye's. Lol

All religion is b.s.

Can someone explain this talk about some Red Woman of babylon? And why does my minister keep saying the new Pope has his eye on her? i don't think our Reverend Tommy Hucksley likes this Pope much.

Wait and see what kind of impression he will make with Almighty God.I sured don't want to be hanging around  when anti-pope ju den and his pink gang get a smack down !

worshiping the leader of an ancient cult that has supported historical child abuse and molestation is to me, incomprehensible. for those of you who do worship this leader, ask yourself what you would do if you knew this was happening in the public school system?

In just over one month, history has been made.One Pope has fallen, the Vatican is in disarray, and heads of state are evading arrest warrants after being publicly tried and sentenced for Crimes against Humanity.And thanks to the February 25 verdict of our Common Law Court, the legitimate authority of the Vatican and the British Crown has been disestablished by the fact that their heads of state are now wanted criminals.As at the Nuremberg Trials, not only criminal actors but the system they represent have been lawfully judged and sentenced before the world. Our Common Law Court verdict has given all of us a rare historical opportunity to reclaim power from those who have for so long usurped it.The question now faces us: Will we do so?To grasp the momentous nature of what has happened and the glowing chance humanity has been given to free itself of its oldest tyranny, let's remember a few key events:January 30, 2013: The International Common Law Court's Prosecution concludes its case against Thirty officials accused of Genocide in Canada, including the Pope and four top Vatican officers. The Accused do not respond to or deny the charges. The Jury of thirty three sworn citizens then judges the evidence.February 4: A diplomatic note is issued to the Vatican Secretariat by a European government working with our Common Law Court, concerning its impending Arrest Warrant against one of the accused, Joseph Ratzinger (aka Pope Benedict)February 11: Joseph Ratzinger resigns as PopeFebruary 15: Ratzinger is given sanctuary and "legal immunity" by the VaticanFebruary 25: The Common Law Court Jury unanimously finds Ratzinger, Elizabeth Windsor and 28 others guilty as charged of Crimes against Humanity and Criminal Conspiracy, and sentences them to 25 years imprisonment and loss of property and authority. The guilty are given one week to comply.March 3: The occupation and seizure of church property begins in Canada, England, the United States and Italy.March 4: The guilty do not comply. Common Law Citizen Arrest Warrants are then issued by the Court for the detainment of Ratzinger, Windsor and others. Attempted arrests proceed.March 7: A Public Notice declares that the legal and political authority of the governments, courts and police of the Vatican, Canada, England and other Commonwealth nations is nullified and disestablished. The Notice calls for new Constitutional Republics in these countries and for Civil Constitutions which nationalize church property and governance. (see www. i t c c s .org, March 7)

when choosing his pope name, sources inside the vatican say he was highly considering Sandusky.

Give Pope Francis some space for him to face the realty of the crises.I like this pope.  So I am going to forget about the thousands of children raped by priests and covered up by highest authority in the Catholic church.Matter of fact....I'm not even going to question it, because I'm more worried about making sure I live forever and ever in a palace of gold and jewels...because God is against greed and gluttony...except when it is used to lure you to the church.

Of course he made a good first impression.All he has done is smile, wave and run hid mouth.He has not done anything.

The beast is alive, well, and living in the vatican ! Fyi !

if this guy takes this child abuse and the #$%$ preist serious then i can say he is doing a good job, how can you people have any respect for the catholic CULT.

am I the only one that sees him as one who is winning over the entire world regardless of race or religion: hence won't the anti-Christ do the same?  Not saying he is. But you Have to wonder and in my point of view, hope.  Would just be that closer to the second coming of Christ.  Be prepared and wise.  Bible prophecy is being fulfilled like I've never seen before in the last couple months.  Don't be left behind.

And if they liked that impression, just wait till the tighty whities come off.

Well of course he is! Anyone can be 'nice' for a little while....

Quit believing every word of the rich pedo-protectors in Rome and actually try reading early Gospels yourself. They are no better than the pharisees Jesus railed against.  You think Jesus wants his representatives judging other people and over-analyzing thousand year old documents, or does he want them following the spirit of his message and helping the poor and the sick.  The Vatican cares more about policy and image than Christ's message of love and peace.

mabe he should run for president

I don"t belive that'Catholics' or God don't have a choice but to like the new 'Pope' :)  The Pope is decided pretty much the way Oscars are decided, by a bunch of guys. These guys are literally shoving a 'Pope' up God's #$%$ :)  And God dutifully blesses the Pope. Poor God has no choice. Neither do Catholics.

Imagine a world where no one believed in supernatural beings

Every Spanish Speaking People STAND UP! Mexico, Central &amp; South America, Puerto Rico, Cuba &amp; THEN SOME! SPAIN is Argentina! VIVA POPE FRANCIS! CHI-TOWN is in FULL EFFECT! People &amp; Folkz Run The Motherland!!!

New Poll. Most Catholics think the Pedophile scandal never happen or was the victims fault somehow or has been blown out of proportion. Most Victims of these same Pedophile Priest think the New Pope should do something, anything about the scandal. Wait and see. My et is he does nothing about the scandal or very little that amounts to anything.

I'm going to Mars to plant a Tree, there's not one Tree growing.

Pope Frank's a baller.

In mY opinion, we should get rid of most American priest.it seems they were the ones molesting kids and causing mayhem..

Don't count me in.

People seem  to prefer this guy to Jesus Christ! They don't want to have nothing to with Jesus now, but the time will come when Jesus will not want anything to do with them! After he stops interceding for mankind, He will put on His Kingly robes and step out from between God and humanity, and make the proclamation.. "He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still." Rev. 22:11

The Catholic church practices idolatry, encourages bigotry, fosters immorality, ignores the bible, deceives its followers and steals treasures.  A man is not a prophet by man's word.  One does not require a saint or other holy person to intervene and implore God's blessings on their behalf.  In fact, God specifically forbids that in Exodus 20.Thou shalt not worship graven images.  I wonder why the 'lics think that one does not apply to them.  Even a muzzie knows not to pray to a statue...He didn't make a good impression on me, I think he's a jackass.

I get really tired of hearing that joke about how the pope shops at k-mart because he heard they have little boys pants half off.Very childish.

I didn't vote for him and Almighty God surely didn't vote for him !Sea rch onl ine. Todays Catholic World.

McDonalds has sold over 247 Billion hamburgers.And none of them were good for anyone.

The best PR from Vatican so far...

Was this before or after the story of him letting business as usual under his reign in Argentina broke about kiddie diddling?

What do you expect the freaks that are part of this cult to say?

human cattle will be stripped of all savings and pension funds as all banks declare bankruptcy and the race war is launched all over the USA / EU / Canada / Australia;GOOGLEwhy the resignation of Ratzinger is also part of symbology / mockery for the COLLAPSE of BANKS

I wonder if popularity surveys were conducted in the time of the early Church.

I will be impressed by actions not words.......Bitter Past: Pope Francis and Argentina’s Dirty Waron youtube

Looks like he may be tried for crimes against humanity, as he supported government murder/ assassinations.

Oh nice, something that every child molestor would be thrilled about.

The pope and satan are playing a round of golf tomorrow.Two altar boys will be the caddies.The pope wants to get a hole in one.

If The Catholic Church Supported Gay Marriage, Then Half Their Priests Would Get Married.  The Alter Boys Would Be Safe.   You Can't Love The Week, The Poor, The Abused If Your Love Isn't Universal.  Then You're A Hypocrite.

Typical honeymoon...

Pope Francis makes good first impression - THE ONLY IMPRESSION WE GET IS THAT ALL PRIETS ARE BOY LOVERS

He will no doubt make a "deep" impression on all the altar boys he "meats"

hope he does a better job of ending the whole sale murder of gays and lesbians than he did with the other atrocities during the dirty war.. but then the church was probably a silent partner in that like they were with hitler

KKat-lick Chuch is SSATANOrganized Child MolestorsEnd the F5g Church of SSatan!This is not a church.

Being a Catholic man must be fun. You are not allowed to use condoms (the Pope will yell at you if do). And your woman cannot refuse fornication by you, .... so you get to rape her legally. No wonder Catholicism is so popular with men. Why women love I never understand. They are too dirty to become a priest according to the Catholic God, ... and yet they love this God. Weird.

A good start to understanding this evil man is the contribution by Videla in aseries of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 and Erbitsky’sbook, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.

Rodriguez:“The priest is preaching from a shallow graveHe counts his money, then he paints you savedTalking to the young folksYoung folks share the same jokesBut they meet in older places.So don't tell me about your successNor your recipes for my happiness”