Can anybody explain me why cars can't give better mileage? I use to have a 5 shift diesel VW Rabbit that gave me 42 MPG, another with 6 shifts that gave 52 MPG and a diesel turbo VW Jetta that gave me 35 MPG. As a matter of fact, it did it even when the piston rings were not holding oil; burning oil instead of diesel. Now they have the TDI with no fumes; how are they doing? 35 - 42 MPG?

As we look at the closing shares of auto stocks one can't help to notice the mix.  It is a reflection of the year to come as we expect a modest growth overshadowed by some companies having a slump.  The Schaeffler Company expects a slight increase in new car sales which will help all companies surrounding the auto industry to increase.

The whole auto business sucks right now,things are going to get rough,hang on.

Pennystockchief dotcom (Dot means .), has helped me understand the trends of GM stock

Vippennystocksite dotcom (Dot means .), is a very exceptional site for GM stock because of the in-depth analysis provided in the newsletter

GM was so thankful for the American bailout they decided to build the Camaro in CANADA.

I go by a closed Dodge dealer, Dodge of Blaine in Blaine MN everyday.  You know whats parked in the closed lot, Ford trucks!  Dozens and the nearest Ford dealer is NorthCountry Ford of #$%$ Rapids.  Is Ford doing what Chrysler and GM have done in the past?  Stock pile to keep it looking as if they have units sold.

America loves the shafting they got from GM (government motors).  All us stock holders of the "old" GM and stock holders got the shaft.  GM got just what they wanted under the so called bankrupsy, thousands of jobs lost in small town and most of their car parts are imported.  Look under the hood and se where you "American" car parts were made;better yet look at the VIN fools.

Government Motors is junk.

The insight provided on GM stock is awesome, at, Vippennystocksite dotcom, what do you guys thinkThis also does not make sense, and was brought to my attention by, a former client in theArabian Gulf.  He said " We love Ford cars but the transmissions just cannot shift as smoothas a Japanese or Korean car."   He also is sad to see so many Japanese and Korean cars takesales from the US icon FORD..   What Ford needs is many more Henry's and less Henrietta;s

gm changed --- its all about innovation --- acadia sierra verano silverado enclave volt lacrosseterrain  --- great engineering great stock  will get arround 50 in 2-3 years

Domestic auto stocks are just not glamorous!

Ford is a great company and selling so cheap. Can't last for long, they are doing everything right. I think their car sales are really starting to take off in China too. That is a big positive.

Buy american BUY FORD

Wise man once say ... The bad leader is hated by the people; the good leader is loved by the people; the great leader leaves them saying, 'We did it ourselves." ... Will Alan Mullally be able to meet these expectations? ... Will he be able to meet the expectations of the shareholders to the point that all will be saying how great a leader he was when he retires? ... Will he be desrving of another multi million dollar bonus again at the end of the year?

I would have to admit ford took a steep drop today but again so did the whole market. I will not hold the shares I have long anyway but the upside potential is there and waiting for this whole Euro Zone mess to get done.

And I thought Ford was doing things right until it gave its CEO an 11% pay increase before thinking about it's shareholders. I might HOLD my current shares in Ford but do not plan on buying anytime soon. That was just a WRONG thing to do.

Ford  has  " car guys " GM , has bean counters " Design by commity , and still needs to pay back the  LOAN

No Government Motors products for us. EVER!Ford is picking up steam. Proud to be an American, proud to own a Ford.

FORD will take the lead ,just hang in there its bound to happen..........

Why is FORD not thinking about its stock holders?

When will the US government be able to unload the GM stock we taxpayers were forced to buy on their behalf? Billions of dollars the US taxpayer will never see any return on

WHAT'S THE STATUS OF G.M.'S  PENSION FUNDING?

Go Ford!

Didn't like GM before the bailout, and I sure as hell don't like them with now. They are spending taxpayer money like mad with 0% financing, huge rebates, ads on every page or screen, and spending billions  in every form of auto racing even Indy now.

Ford is doing things right, now if the stock moves up that would be GREAT!

Ford declined by .03! Come on Yahoo!