I can recall a couple of winters living in Boston many years ago while in the Navy there was some amount of snow on the ground from early November until the next April!  That made me appreciate the South all the more in returning home.

I remember years ago, living up there with Winter never ending. But when Spring finally did arrive with some warm sun, it was so much appreciated!. Northeners really do know how to celebrate Summer!

I'm a giving person, they can have some of ours. I think we had like maybe 6 days of winter here in Charleston, SC. I literally have only had to turn the heat on one day so far this winter season.

my a/c was cranking this afternoon

And that,folks, is why I don't live that far north.

I hope it keeps snowing for months so we can stop hearing about global warming.

Climate change, fool!  This is another indication.

I guess Punxsutawney Phil missed the mark on this one.

That's why it's called winter...............Spring in NE can be fickle too.  We clearly remember a snowstorm dumping 5 inches of wet snow in mid-May back around the early 1970s.   Nothing is strange---only Al Gore.

It's ManBearPig ! ! !     AAAAAAAAAAAA................................

Jack Frost nipping at my window pane..........A Heinekin  in the frig, a blazing fireplace,what more could you wish for.........Were the Harlem Globetrotters interviewed and their thoughts recorded concerning this Global Warming?

I'm glad so many people wussied out of work today. I made it to Boston in record time from down here on the RI boarder.

Global warming.....riiiiight Al Gore kiss my backside

Time for Mayor Bloomberg to BAN SNOW! ... Go GETM' MIKEY !!!

Global warming is a b@@@h

Man this global warming stuff sure causes a lot of cold and snow.

Somebody's gotta do something about this awful, awful Global Warming

They are running out of things to ask the feds for money for.

Global warming my #$%$

Al Gore is right! It's Global Warming!!!!!16" of snow, just think what they would have gotten if it were not for global warming.  60"? :-)

Bush's fault.

It was 80 here today.

God, I wish we could get some of that where I live, no winter here anymore.

Sure wish we had some of that precipitation out here in the West we have had a dry winter.

Odd that when there are winter storms, Kool-Aid Drinking, AP "science" writer Seth Borenstein is NOWHERE to be found.

hope all you libs have snow till july.

Where is Al (Jazzera) Gore and his Global Warming?

&lt;sarcasm&gt; Clearly, global warning is at fault! &lt;/sarcasm&gt;

Hey, get your sleds out, your snowmobiles, your gloves, your mittens, put your hats on and bundle up and go play in the snow because you're not gonna stop the weather so if you can't beat it then join it......today its 70....gonna be in the 50's this weekend........brrrr....love Texas......

This was a common enough mid-March snow storm - no biggie other than it taxed New England town snow-removal budgets.  I live in western Mass - gratefully we only got about 5" - but it were mighteeee heavy, yes indeed.

Those storms brang much needed water to us before it hit the NE.

Paging AL GORE, .....AL GORE, New England is paging you!!!

Chestnuts roasting on an open fire...Jack Frost nipping at your toes.....

That's what I love about the South!!!!  I have Amarillos, Iris and Tulips coming up.  My Japanese Maple is in full bloom.

I used to believe in global warming but had to give it up due to all the evidence that it’s a fraud by political and scientific elites to enrich themselves and increase their control.  The warmist cult is the exact opposite of genuine science and reason.  Don't believe the witch doctors pimping their phony doomsday prophecies.

Another story about snow in winter. Shocking.

"liberalism is a mental disorder"

Quit your whinning, you could move to Mexico and replace all the invaders that have moved here.last day of winter &amp; the start of march madness.....you gotta luv it.

"Snow and sleet blasted the Northeast on the last full day of winter." Darn global warming. If it keeps up for much longer some people might freeze to death.

Aww poor North East. Are we supposed to feel sorry for them or something?

“Global warming” is a scam, just like the Iraq war.  The corporate M.S.M. and the corrupt politicos all told us Saddam had “weapons of mass destruction”.  All lies, all propaganda---just like what the corporate M.S.M. and corrupt politicos are saying about the phony “global warming” scam

The shellfish ban on the west coast was finally lifted the other day after a record 5 month closure.  PSP toxin levels were off the chart, way higher than anything ever recorded.  The reason explained by National Center for Biotechnology Informantion, was climate change, they said PSP toxin blooms have expanded big time world wide.  They also said it should continue to worsen in the future.

Hey, wait a second??? I was under the impression that the planet was warming? Clearly the scientists are wrong!

things are pretty  awful  here in California   also. .  my TULIPS are already blooming,  its been so warm that I STILL cant  find  sunblock on SALE. ...Plan to  cut the  grass this weekend  after a hard work  week....but then  just be  lazy,and  generally sit  under my banana trees and watch the hummingbirds.....STUPID  fresh air and sunshine.....Maybe ill  just go to the  beach...

In 1992 we got at least eight inches of snow in DC,( mid-march.) It is common to get heavy snow in the NE at this time of the year.

Al Gore is on the back of his Hummer, H-1, driving down the streets of Boston screaming, "It's all MANBEARPIG'S FAULT!!!"

am i seeing the guy in the photo right ? is he wearing his pants under his butt with his underwear showing ! if  so is he really looking for work or an easy break-in placeShouldn't have voted for Obama...

Hey Bostonians!  How many inches of "GLOBAL WARMING" have you shoveled this winter?

Good time to stay in and play with the babies mother   No baby?  Make one  BAM

So glad I live in the southwest.I can't d

So glad I live in the southwest.I can't deal with shoveling snow and s#$%$ing the #$%$ off my car and those freezing temps!

same reason i dont live at home.....but i do miss the beauty of the snow especially on the pine trees.

SUCK it u YANKTARDS..SUCK IT !!!!

just get over it. i would love to have that weather here in nc oh no we cant have the weather here. i hate the sunny weather we have i love cold weather.

It is global warming!

Meanwhile back in DC, lawmakers are trying to figure who to tax if the weather in not nice...