This guy is bluffing.   Go in there and get him.

This time really punish the guy.  Send him home to Albania.

Oh those wacky fun-loving Albanians!

Kill him and the problem goes away.

If this guy could get his hands on all of the stuff that the article claims, what do they have for security at this prison? Chicken wire for fencing?

Appears to be about time to put a bullet in his head.

They should have killed him the first go round problem solved, tax payers off the hook keeping him around.

The perfect case for capital punishment ...... no more escapes or hostages....

Greek justice has already proven itself as one of the softest in the World - the Greeks probably pride themselves with this ! Hard to believe they cannot contain a stubborn, hardened and " imported " criminal, expert in daring escapes.If grenades, plastic explosives - and yes, knives - can be smuggled to a inmate, what else can be ?

So um don't think we should give in to hostilities from terrorists anymore besides most that intend to have the balls to carry out the action would already do it their prisoners that have committed a crime anyway. See if the guy is bluffing and if he's not you saved guards lives by not having them rush in there and get blown up. Tell the dude blow it up or live and maybe get a sentence reduction don't really do it tho or wait for swat to put a bullett thru his head either way he doesn't get what he wants. All terrorists or criminals that murderneed to know we will not give in and no matter what they do they will die or be civil and stop living like this.KILL HIM,,,get it over with

Some how I really doubt that he has "hand grenades and 200 grams of C4 explosives"

Atleast he has a dont quit attitude.

Shoot him already.

Check this out first of all where did he get the explosives thats number 1.  Number two if this guy has already made a fool out of you guys before why even go for his BS#$%$).  Just go in there and handle your business or do you like look like fools throughout the world??

The Albanians are a problem wherever they take up their criminal residence

This guy must have taken classes with MacGuyver and the A-Team. Knives, bullets, explosions, helicopters dropping ladders oh myyyy. I guess this prison does not come with equipped guards and why said helicopter was not shot down...ughhh.

Sparta! Greeks give my money back! You stupid. I need my money back. Guten tag.

shoot him dead problem solved