I love Romania!  I've been there 2 times for 2 weeks at a time!  It is a loving country with awesome people!  They are beginning to find a country underneath their war-torn exterior and it is a beautiful thing!

There  must be money to be made somewhere in this deal.

Yep and somebody is going to get rich from it . This East Vers. West thing got started by the people who stand to make the most money off of it .

I smell war everywhere.

Romania and Moldavia should reunite already and be done with it.

Pay a Romanian $1.00 to sell out human rights and he'll do it as long as you pay him up front.

Ahh, those pesky war flies seem to be spreading.  The middle east is primed and ready to turn into a blazing mess.  The facist are making a comback.  The chinese keep pocking japan and now vietnam.  The russians are busy little beavers collecting all the natural resources they can.  We expand our drone fleet and spread our tentacles, reviving Reagans star wars missle deployment shield.  Yep, we humans are just one big happy family.

There we goes again. We have to pay for defending other countries again. No wonder we are broke. I hope somebody will control the paramilitary complex. We need to provide for better healthcare and better education of our kids. We dont need to be another Roman Empire.

This is sick ~ WW3 is underway.  Missiles everywhere. Antimissile Missiles  Obama to Israel.  Old wrinkly Obama guy cast as satan.  The beast is driving around israel ~ thats right, his limo. Or is it Obama himself?  Are we really here?

I went here for vacation in Sept 2012....Lots of fun best vacation ever.....I want to go back later this year and see all of my kids!!How to sell fence installations to home dwellers.When you make a cold call make sure the message is one of hot urgency, Armageddon just a block away. Tell them the neighbor down the street is a suspected felon, share the demographics of the impeding doom coming to their doorsteps - crime is on the uptick and even that 10 year old rusted BBQ in your backyard is worth killing for. Reassure the prospective buyer that a fence is not an expense but an investment - it actually "makes for good neighbors"...just don't elaborate on why this would increase goodwillOnce the prospect is ready to signed on the dotted line, upsell him a state of the art burglar system with motion detectors and miniaturized cameras...just in case the fence deterrent is breached

Ruskies got some Boom Booms but if somebody else build Boom, Boom to stop Ruskie Boom, Boom they go cry to Mommie. U.S.A. no play fair. Boo Hoo.

The chess game of politics and power play... Not too far away Cuba and Russian ties will off set or counter balance the chess pieces of NATO. More deadly games to come...

Romania and Poland , like Italy are a loyal and great peoples, and, very appreciative. They understand that America could have enslaved the whole world after WW11 but didn't  . They allways back us . If I had the money for a trip I'd spend it there.  Thank you Mike Chiappetta

Like the US really cares about Romania - HA!   They're just usefull idiots our fun loving government is using to provoke Russia.

We need more than interceptor missiles, keep a carrier battle group in their off their shores. Quarantine them and be ready so strike.

$%^&amp;* Russia

How much of a bribe are we paying Romania politicians?

ROMANIA HAS OIL AMERICA...

The Russians have to love this...... Soon they will have the same in Cuba....Those missiles will not see deployment. They will be stolen and sold on ebay in a week. What a waste of tax payer money again.

..russians will not just seat and watch americans putting their fu*ing missiles under their #$%$.. get ready

The empire we can't afford, pursuing the interests of the 1%.

They should be called "missile interceptors" not "anti-missile interceptors."  Missile interceptors shoot down missiles.  Anti-missile interceptors shoot down missile interceptors. Doesn't anybody speak English anymore?

I like how the author put quotes around the word "Exceptional".

Can anyone smell a WWIII coming in the next 10 years?   I think I will see another World War in my lifetime. I have at least another 30-40 years left on this planet.

missile crisis    !!!!!

This is still a direct threat to Russian security and safety. Moscow is not fooled by this waste of your tax dollars and this missile sword is nothing less then an offensive capability on Russian doorstep.

Romanias women arebeautifulw  hors

After what Russian Communism did to Romania, it's no wonder their "relationship with Russia has cooled". Let's not forget, though, a people is not their leaders or their government. Russians are not bad people.Rebecca, would you be kind to  translate:They are beginning to find a country underneath their war-torn exterior and it is a beautiful thing!??? For Mike, I did not know about the other nine World Wars! perhaps I was sleeping.

jungle rope

Meanwhile we fight over dumb issues like gay marriage, boy scouts &amp; other issues that we should deal with and be done with. We need to worry about our borders &amp; stop letting people into our country. Our enemies build everyday to attain world power. Iran, North Korea, Russia, China &amp; Syria to name a few.

Why don't we sell this hardware instead of giving it away????????? We apparently chose to ignore history. Romania has ended up on the other side when the s**t has hit the fan.

why the h#ll the news media keep telling everybody what our military is doing is no ones business.

We need missiles to defend from attack so there will be no shedding of blood, blood blood!