i cant believe there are so many idiots on this thread.... its rather quite sad

Presidenta Bachelet left office with an 84% approval rating. This fact means members of the right wing parties felt good about her performance (I know some!). She did a good job at righting a lot of the profound wrongs committed by the dictatorship, both politically and economically.

"The protests partly come from people asking: 'If Chile is so rich, why am I not successful?' Whoever takes over will have to deal with more people saying: 'Give me a slice of that cake,*" Lagos said.Typical leftist #$%$.  Why isn't the question, why is it that I can't make when so many others have?

More........         From:     ....   A-Way-Too-Long-List...... Of     So-Called.......  "Leftists"....Chavez......   Is  No  More..!

Chile has a solid economy and low unemployment.  This is because they encourage success, rather than reward failure.  Socialists could reverse this success in a matter of months.

Typical communist thief. The only difference is this one's a carpet-muncher.

By the way, the article's writer loves Socialists, based on the deeply biased presentation.

Socialists like her will rob the country of the desire to succeed and they will become more dependant on government handouts

Pinochet was the best thing that ever happened to Chile.  He set the table for success and the country has benefited ever since, despite the Socialists attempts otherwise.

just what they don`t need, another marxistVIVA PINERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1

South america is going downhill.  the majority of the countries have lefty communist leaders destroying their economies.  hate to see chile join the crowd with bachelet.

Chile is growing by leaps and bounds. Their money is strong and their employment rate is low. This lefty writer touts the commie left's mantra of inequality that, as far as we know is a made up issue. The same old Heglian theory (create the problem , control the reaction {with the help of a lefty media,[ class warfare]} and have the solution[tax the rich,sound familiar?]). If this Leftty -commie gets elected she will turn a vibrant prosperous Chile into the dung heap their neighbor Argentina is...and call it progress.

Obviously written by some who worships her.  Chile has advanced in recent times.  They have to reform their education system.  Recruit teachers from other countries.  They have to learn to stop rioting about everything.  And not emulate venezuela.

Bachelet is another of the Southamerican leftists that are all theoreticians and don't have the riches of an American economy.  But she will emerge from her stint as a millionaire, investing her millions...in.........the U.S.   Leftists, my foot.......

Her father got what he deserved,  beside , Eva Vergara the journalist the wrotte this piece is a well known communist simpathizer , and she did not mention , that the students in chile are organize by communists cuba dictator's castro's brothers . All communism has brought to humanaty is death and misery. and that's a fact.

Just what Chile needs, an Allende wanna-be.

I makes me so upset when these leftist writers paint a total non sense picture of "going in exile"  and having to use "family's political connections" to get out.  In Chile in that time was absolutely any restrictions to leave the country if you wanted. Just that and  opportunistic bunch use the "dictatorship" card to go, perhaps to a place thinking that "there" you didn't have to work for a living.  Well, that didn't last long right?  I am sure she tough that Pinochet was not doing that bad with the country after all that she returned in 1979 while He was still there. Went into Study, become a professional and  continue her socialist agenda withoutbeing bothered.  Well.. I guess she thinks that the first time she didn't destroy a healthy economical culture that you have to work and find you own way into prosperity instead of sucking up subsidies from governments.

Pinera is the W of Chile, after him ,will be very dificult that one of his party to win la moneda.

sad that a model economy in latinamerica has a very narrow understanding of who and what have made them richer and prosperous,not the socialist  mind you,but the business class that has been able to create many more jobs thus lifting many out of poverty,not a miracle,just free market forces working at unison,socialism ha.s nothing to show for in chile or the rest of the world.Bachelet is the Eleanor Roosevelt of south America. Except unlike us USA backwards chauvanistas - The Chileanos - they elected, gasp, a great woman to be their president ! Seems to me USA needs absolutly the best person to get the job done ! So... Bachelet for Presidenta in 2016 in USA !Remember always - the only qualifications to be USA congress, senate or president is to be over 26 and a USA citizen. And... look at the greed driven alpha male quarelling egos we have now dividing and destroying our country ! They have the same alpha males in Chile but the people there are more senciable and humane and not so greed driven!BTW. Its a national law in Chile - you have to vote ! Here in USA non voters empower the hidden agendas of the greedy one who want to make USA a two class society. Winner take all loosers too damm bad!Now a Chile joke... McDonalds thruout Chile is known as the American Embassy !

She is nothing more that "Propaganda" and and icon for lazy people......mean socialist people.....

This communist witch shoud have been assassinated a long time ago.

I live in Chile and this woman is pretty dangerous.  She's kind of like Obama, in that the press never told the truth about her.  She's a radical communist and throws her support behind the communist party publicly (at least she does that instead of how Obama just lies about having extremist friends).Even worse, she's going to win in an absolute landslide.  Chile is already almost broken with the youth wanting an ultra-left revolution and putting bombs in banks and killing people who have money in Temuco just because they have money.  She will definitely win and Chile will fail after.

Great, great woman, I hope that the Chileans people elect her President one more time.

US believe in democracy only when it fit its own interests, check out US interventions around the world mostly to help install puppet dictators, some many times against democratically elected govermnts,  Pinochet in Chile being one of the puppet dictators. Yes that is US the champion of "democracy"

"Levantate y mirate las manos... "

She was already president for 4 yrs and the economy went very well as always. The present president is the only conservative in 40 yrs and the economy does well. The president here cannot have 2 consecutive terms.Maybe the leaders here are more responsible and care more about the people.We have a good national healthcare plan as well as the private ones, no debt, free trade, no wars, and a prosperous Argentina on one side and a prosperous Peru on the other.

"said Chileans widely feel the country has risen into the ranks of the developed world "aaaaaaaajajajajaja!I can´t stop laughing !Chile first world!......aaaaaaajajajajaja!  What a disgusting charade!

I like the woman.  She is a product of her time. And she will go past the ghosts of her times.  I see new hopes for Latin America in this lady...Bravo!!!One can only hope that this great lady will run as the present disaster billionaire president has already done a lot of harm to Chile.

Salvador Allende was a socialist not a Marxist. More people like him is needed in latin america.