I guess having an affair and spending the tax payers dollars to do it doesn't make you an unacceptable candidate in today's world....No wonder America is going downhill fast

I don't really think that having an affair is anyone's business - politician or not.  Sanford's problem was that he left the country and left no one in charge of his state.  So, yes, you can remind us of  Bill Clinton, the Kennedy's or any other Dem who slept around on his wife, but Sanford's derelict of duty is where I lose all respect for him or any elected official.  Anyone voting for his guy deserves exactly what they get.

Reward the bad behavior, seems to be the norm now.

Sanford has already proven he lacks character, morality and is an adulterous liar who betrayed his wife and constituents. He'll win handily.

South Carolina is making Mississippi, Alabama, Lousiana and Arkansas look good

I wouldn't vote for Mark Sanford if he were running for Dog Catcher.  He had his chance &amp; abandoned us.  The best thing he can do is shut up &amp; fade away.  I'm tired of hearing about him &amp; seeing him in the news media.  He's a blithe &amp; an embarrassment to South Carolina.  We deserve better than this #$%$ toad has to offer.

Can't wait for the Colbert Show now

I wouldn't have believed this. What in the world is going on in South Carolina?

South Carolina, did someone taint your food? You picked a LYING ADULTERER who used taxpayer money to meet with his mistress?

go to hell sanford, but do it on your own dime. you are exactly what we don't need anymore in washington or in any public position for that matter.

SC, what in the world is wrong with you. Where is the South American? How much of your money can you say he has wasted.In the South Satan could win an election as long as he had a "R" by this name.

Can anyone remember when they were the party of family values?  Now they are the party of big business and big bucks.

I live in SC.  This man is a disgrace and what he did to his wife and family will not be forgotten.  Oh wait... it's a republican politician. They only legislate family values onto everyone else.  He'll win handily.

LOL southerners are dumb. They will elect that dork and cheer while doing it.

Why even consider him, there are other options.  He had his chance and blew it.

Good thing he didn't have an abortion and his mistress was a woman. SC is nuts.

I thought South Carolinians knew better.

What If He Decides To Take Another Hike?

If she is anything like her brother, you can expect some "truthiness" to be dropped on ya

Just another example of how decet morals, principles and family values just don't count for anything anymore.  "Society has gone to hell in a hand basket," as my dear, christian mother would say about it all. I have thanked God every day for many years for the teachings she gave to me, but no one believes in anything moral or legal anymore, so very sad.I love gov returns how far the Republican far party has fallen.

POS Republiscum moralizing hypocrites at their finest.....

Another case of a politician and his disingenuous behavior. If he gets nominated and then elected, it proves once again that people will vote for someone regardless. Please don't give him another  chance in South Carolina.

Well good for her.  She certainly has her work for her.  The family values party will forgive any immoral activity as long as its a Republican.  Weren't they the was that had the anti- abortion in the state house, who asked his mistress to get an abortion.  I won't hold my breath but good for her.

Another jerk being put up for nomination.  They didn't learn their lesson with the last election of jerks like Akin &amp; Russell.  Another misfit ready for ridicule.

Further proof that the GOP has gone totally around the bend.

If I resided in SC, sanford would not get my vote.

Politicians should be elected the same way people apply for jobs, submit a resume – no advertisements and no campaigning.

People like Sanford are the reason why Republicans are increasingly on the defensive for their stands on moral issues --  so many Republican leaders talk the talk but can't walk the walk.   This man gave up any moral authority he had with what he did.  He mentions "second chances", I believe God gives us second chances to but those "second chances" are rarely in a setting where we cannot be effective and are prone to failure.  Public life proved to be both these things for Sanford.

If this Turd is the best candidate Repukers have to offer, 2014 should be the final nail in the coffin for the Party of Losers hold on the House.The US has dropped another notch .

I know only less than %20 voted, but wake the h,e,l,l,u,p, SC!!!   We deserve better!!!

SC GOP= Insanity

i can't believe anyone voted for him. i hope his wife didn't. i would like to see her run his opponent's campaign.

Even South Carolina Republicans are violating their own standards faster than they can lower them.

We know he's a liar and a #$%$- yay lets elect him. BS BS BS

People do like to elect some odd folks, don't they?

Not only does Sanford spend his spare time hiking the Appalachian Trail, he has never worked at all in his life...he was born to a rich family and has never HAD to work.   I said before and I'll say again...name recognition is what puts Sanford in first place.  He has NO accomplishments to brag about and only a sordid personal life.

Is he still banging that woman in Argentina ? What happened to his then wife? It is funny how many criticized Clinton and the got caught dabbling themselves . Wasn't it Gingrich that kept swapping sick wives for interns? Politics make strange bedfellows.

another republican family values candidateWhich shows how degenerate the GOP really is. Where are the real women voters?! Those who won't tolerate a filthy, home-wrecking, he-ho! Do you really want him and his nasty imported skanque sucking up taxpayer dollars?! Living the life of Riley on tons of free money that should go to your American children?!

Changing things in Washington for a Republican means obstructing any solutions....not much of a change.

The bar is pretty low for Republicans

Ah, remorse, repentance, and forgiveness.  He's "back in the saddle again" ;-)

So I'm guessing Sanford will be kept away from his female receptionists/secretaries?

Sanford, flanked by his four sons, and  a  few of  the Argentina #$%$  he  used  to  plow when  people  thought he was  hard at  work.Republicans  are  really  imbeciles.

I don't see how he can possibly claim he stands for family values, morals, or the law, let alone truth and honesty.  He's perfect for the Republican Party.

The moral high ground must be found up the old Appalachian Trail.

Everyone is always complaining about politicans doing things and getting away with it and then being reelected time and again.  Well, here is your prime example.  A bible thumping, anti-everything, right winger who was literally caught with his pants down with another woman.  He not only was caught but he lied about it - until he was caught!  This is what the voters of South Carolina want running our Congress and you ask the question why is Washington, D.C. so screwed up?  The answer is the voters!!

Any other Republican I'd say he's got it locked. But with so much baggage I think Steven's sister is going to be one of the many pioneers who turns the south blue.Disgusting and despicable.  What a travesty this is!

The guy with no integrity, honor or honesty is leading?  America is doomed.

Give this liar,thief and thug club member the boot....What a waste he is......

Who cares about South Carolina ? Tea Tard state full of racist, cornpone rednecks. And that's the women.

Another triumph for Republican family values!

Once elected, could he keep his pants on? Nah....

garbage

Go Colbert, we could use another comedian in Washignton and a Busch at that.

"Runoff" - isn't that what he did with that Argentinian woman while being a governor.

...and some of Sanford's supporters are probably the same ones who wonder why Congress is such a mess.The man used public money to pay for his affair and they vote for him again?  Unbelievable

Typical conservative values. They'd  tear apart a liberal who did what he did. But when it's one of their kind, it's okay.

Too bad the former Gov. can't come out as gay. he'd be a shoo in this year.Maybe not though. After all it is South Carolina.

SC Pevert Nation

Stephen Colbert is smart.   He's one of the brightest, quickest, most insightful of the media.  And she looks smarter even...well maybe just a tad more serious but enough energy and humor to serve our country well.   I sure know who I'm supporting.  She won't have to run off to Argentina for an affair and lie about it either, I bet.  She looks rather real and practical and not just narcissistic.   these days narcissim is rampant in the US HOUSe.   Wow...you gotta give those guys mirrors in all the hallways so they have someone to admire and schmooze....

"Are you ready to change things in Washington?"What a banal line.  I'm sure it's been used ever since George Washington was President.Can't these candidates ever say anything with substance to it, instead of meaningless drivel?

Anyone that Votes for HIM is as IDIOTIC as He is!!

Sanford can't offer change in DC- just another lying, cheating politician. I can't believe this Bible belt state would elect this pig again.

I think a totally trust worthy individual like this should be give consideration for elective office. Which means I can lie to my wife run off with a woman friend then get elected to congress. I like that  I want all the bennies those guys get, free heath care, transportation to and from home and probably some stuff I have not thought of all at taxpayer expense. The only thing I think might be a draw back is being known as a welfare case since I would subsist off of the government. Ah no worry, no one would suspect that our legislators are skimming the cream and keeping the status quo for their own enrichment. I'll take that job you betcha.

Known for his frugality as both a congressman and governor, he has been spending the campaign talking about getting the nation's fiscal house in order.With Sanford's campaign war chest and name recognition, Tuesday's race was largely for second place.You have to love a man who has the audacity to talk about fiscal restraint while spending MILLIONS to feed his ego. ROFLHow can anyone in their right mind vote for such an idiot????

The repubs would vote for the devil himself if he claimed to be a republican. They don't care what kind of sick trash they put in office.

He needs the money he can rip off while in office agian.Living large is so expensive.

We stand up for Republican Values defrauding South Carolina and cheating on your wife is just fine. The Republican Party is a joke on what they stand for and as you can see they stand for nothing.

Hate to  burst your bubble Mr .Sanford, but we are setting you up for a big fall in the big election.  In the end,Colbert Busch will be our UNITED STATE REPRESENTATIVE.

Judge Petigru was right.

It will be unbelievable if he wins the runoff.

Steven Colbert for President.

The short term memory of Americans is at best 45 days now, maybe less? Seriously why would ANYONE vote to send this man to the Federal government after his Governorship was tanked by scandal? RE-Electing this man is the clinical definition of INSANITY.

OK forget the moral issues for a moment. But as an elected official he went AWOL, didn't tell anyone where to reach him in case of emergency, and used taxpayer money to fund the whole mess.THAT's who they want as a representative?Colbert's sister!?  I thought it was Geoffrey Rush's sister.

Gingrich won the South Carolina primary last year. And once again, Southern conservatives reveal their double standard. Morality is very important (if you're a Democrat).

The people of South Carolina are truly idiots. I'm embarrassed that they are American.

the man ran on the idea of "protecting the sanctity of marriage" -- while having an affair.he used taxpayer money to fly to another country to conduct this affair.he has no place in politics.

What are Colbert Bush's qualifications?

......Those people are so stuck on stupid that John Edwards should move there and give it another shot.

He be loving himself some wild tang ....  at least he should be honest about it.

He fits the profile for a GOP congressman.

I wonder how many people with the negative comments voted for Clinton?

shut up and take my money!YUCK!!  How I wish we would never hear from him or about him again. He disgusts me.  The only thing that saddens me is that I can't vote against him!

A lovely thought. A lying, cheating ex-governor in congress. I would throw up but I'm laughing to hard. The GOP is so screwed up that maybe Steven Colbert can come up with a new joke that hasn't been told already.

I wonder if his Hispanic mistress was balling him just so she can be a citizen? Where's the outrage racist inbred South Carolinians?

Sanford another Republican "JOKE"

Sanford said he will blaze the hardest trails to get the job!! Wait, hasn't he blazed too many "trails" already????

Is this a sign that Jeb could win an election??? I certainly hope not!

Two adjectives come to mind:  narcissistic and delusional.

Sanford is 100% politician, has never had a real job and right wing morons in SC vote for him even after repeated lies and transgressions. Says something about this enlightened state.

Family values- and republicans--  -republicans only have 9 comandmentsadultery - good --- Gay marraige badthe bible-- let see - it`s o.k i have the abridged oneYou know this would be funny if they wern`t such hypocrits about it-- i  am sure he`s against abortion too. i like it  buffet  Christiananity - i get to pick and choose what i believeSouth  Carolina is a moocher state-- it gets more in federal aid then they pay in taxsif your a republican or a conservative and you vote for this jerk - pleaase in the future just shut- up about anybody elses character or fitness to be elected

since sanford (r) is such a big fan of second chances, does that mean he's going to give his real wife a second chance?Identify her by her name, it is demeaning to her to just be called Colbert's sister!

Amazing how we Americans keep voting in the same no-load politicians.  Just like dogs coming back to eat their own vomit.

who are the idiots that voted for this knothead...this really says a lot about those rednecks in South Carolina

Republican family values.

Someone please explain to me who in their right mind would ever vote for Sanfird???  I mean, really?

Looks like the sheep in SC are raising their glasses of kool aid tonight.

Hypocrite sanford will fit right in with all the republicans. South Carolina can do better than sending a LIAR to congress !

if the sister is intelligent, like her brother, then she would be the best choice.

The fact a degenerate like Sanford can win a political office speaks volumes about the people of So. Carolina! This must be one giant trailer park of a state!

A Colbert in Congress would be a good thing.A Colbert in Congress would be a good thing.

i'd take the funny gal over the guy whom had the extramarital affair while he was governor.let's face it with him if he could deceive his wife and family, imagine us guys whom are nobody to us.

He asks the crowd 'Are you ready to change things in Washington?'We haven't heard much about politicians having extramarital affairs lately.  I guess if Sanford ended up in the House it would change things in that regard.....  but is that a good thing?

All he had to say is "the devil made me do it" and he is forgiven in the Bible belt.

Boy, that Mark Sanford is one incredible Christian.  God Bless him and those southern Christians who support him.

We all know about Sanford's character (womanizer, liar) but aside from being related to a mediocre celebrity, what are Ms. Colbert's qualifications?

just when you thought you had heard every off term for haveing sex , he brought us " hiking the appalachian trail " god bless !!!

Nothing is too good for South Carolina.

My favorite SC politician was the one who bashed in another senator's head with a cane for saying slavery was a hor the South loved (I think it was a Butler). The Massachusetts senator, Sumner, couldn't get his legs out from under the desk and was beaten to a pulp and partially crippled for life. Admiring Southerners sent the SC Senator 100's of canes as souvenirs, to decorate the wall of his office. Sherman threw a nice barbecue for them a few years later, though, roundabouts Columbia.

Are you aware that he asked his ex-wife to spearhead his campaign?  I am not making this up--he actually tried to convince her to "get the band back together" to put him back in public office.Smart woman:  she said "no."If South Carolina Republicans would vote for a candidate like Sanford, it proves the whole "family values" thing is just another lie!

That's the best S.C. can put forth as leaders? And I thought California was bad.Stupid is as stupid does.

OH  MY CRAPOLA.  As I said before, WAKE UP SOUTH CAROLINIANS.  Sanford is no prime meat..........................he deserves another occupation.  Anybody but him please.

Tea Party this loser

I love the evangelicals. It's bad when someone else does what Sanford does but if it's one of their own, it's fine. What hypocrites. Just what I have always believed and they never disappoint.

republicans NOW BACK ADULTERERS .....THAT'S not following the 10 commandments BUT THEN AGAIN THE REPUBLICANS HAVE A CONVICTED TAX CHEATER ON THE BUDGET COMMITTEE

Why did they vote for him? Hope he doesn't win. That would be like Palin going back to Alaska after quitting as gov, and winning!

Is that a problem?

We know that 39% of the GOP voters are stupid.  He was also dipping in to government money.

the evil polluters koch brothers  Tea party and GOP Congress.must be financing himMust be a lot of fools in South Carolina.

What a sad testament to the state of our once great country.  We have slid so far so fast and we're gaining speed.

This is FIXED!!  It has to be!!Look at every one of these comments!!

He will never ever get my vote family first look at what he did to his wife and our state I don't trust him he abandoned the state and his wife and children he is SELFISH he only care about himself who knows he may be a spy now.!

Colbert-Busch!!!! I would think even the Republicans would prefer her over Sanford. I'm amazed that he would even have the Chutzpah to run again!

If you want maximum humor in late night comedy shows, then the best option is definitely a race between Colbert-Busch and Sanford. But we all better pray that Colbert-Busch ends up winning, because Sanford is one sick puppy!

Such a frightful election.......

S.Carolina  must be really desperate to have a cheat and a liar represent them .. Oh wait its the GOP... silly me.

His own family thinks he's a pig.

Balls apparently go farther than brains in SCAnother flawed candidate.  If he cared for his party, he'd dissappear.

Wow!  I thought this guy was history.  It'd take a lot of balls to get up off the mat and enter a political race after everything he's been through.

Hmmm, I wonder if the election was rigged? I can't think of any reason why ANYONE would vote for this  pathetic POS HYPOCRITE!!!!

This telss you exactly how stupid citizens of this country are now: Colbert advances to Democratic Ticket for SC House Seat. I am completely dumbfounded. Colbert in South Carolina. Ashley Judd in Kentucky. Minnesota Senator Al Franken. This country is in the krapper and We the People are the reason.

South Carolinny. Home of the biggest contingent of Repuke Re(tards this side of the Himalayas.

You love him,I can tell

ah yes, the 'moral values' crowd supporting Sanford I presume?  One day a Republican slogan will actually be a reality.  from  1. "Country first" which was part of the choice of Palin and CPAC leaving out Christie because he demonstrated "country first" by working with Obama to avert another MIchael Brown Republican Katrina disaster to  2.  "support the troops" which means capitalizing on peoples 'patriotism' and stealing funds that were meant for them as is the case with Gov Rick Scott's Lieutenant Governor who just resigned and also individuals who are part of Gov Scott Walker's administration.  And Rick gets the double double for most immoral d-bag as he was the largest Medicare fraud offender in history...he simply paid a fine and went on to be governor instead of going to jail.  and "family faith and conservative values" lover Senator David Vitter (R) returned to work on the Senate floor not to boos, but to a standing ovation.  Why the standing ovation? did he just rescue people from a burning fire?  No, he admitted to having an affaire with a prostitute while also wearing diapers to feed one of his fetishes.  ahhhh, love me some of those conservative moral values (on a bumper sticker, but obviously not in reality)

South Carolina Fools

JUST IN FROM FAUX NEWZ: Sarah Palin(around with Russians) and Bill O'Really? have announced that they are having a "hate child." They plan on calling the child Pistol.

God is laughing his #$%$ off at South Carolina.He looks like George w. Bush.

Sounds to me like he has the empathetic vote, rock on GOP.

Mark Sanford is a goofball!Lidsey Graham is a goofball!Therefore what does that make the people of SC? I don't know!Sanford won handily! Bah Humbug!Can anyone tell me why you voted for him if you did?

SC GOP voters, what a forgiving bunch.   Bet a few are glad for curtains on voting booths

Sadly she won b/c of her last name. I am a Republican and I don't like Sanford, but he won b/c of his name...and she won b/c of her name. Not because either may or may not know how to do anything. It is sad, how stupid some people can be.

And this is the best the Republicans have?

"Are you ready to change things in Washington?"  Well Mr. Sanford, given your past affair and spending taxpayer dollars to do it... looks like things in Washington will be business as usual.  By the way, the article says you were flanked by your four sons - will any of your illegitimate children be attending any future political events with all of you?

If he get into congress, he'll probably have to go hike the Apalacian Trail quite often.  Difference is we'll all be paying for it this time.

A cheating man and a cheating father will cheat on every opportunity he can.  Voting for him is to invite the Biggest Loser and Cheater for your tax dollars.  SC people, wise up.  Vote for people who has character and honesty and he or she will watch over your interest and your flock. Be Wise......................

TEA PARTY... the voice of the sick and tired.  Keep all this stuff up and see where it gets us all.  Crooks are crooks... we NEED people of principles in office making principled decisions based on what's best for all of us-- Not what's best for crony capitalism...MY GOSH!... what have we come to.On the trail again?

The South is now officially a joke. You could just drive there, point and laugh. Losers.

This typical repuklican - double standard - the leaders are a bunch of low lifes that spin fairy stories but their own lives show who they really are- Include Rush pill baugh

GOD, she is UGLY.  Keep mirrors away from her.

"Mark Sanford,[ unemployed since 2009], said it was "a treat and a blessing" to be back on the ballot." VOTE ANYONE BUT-SANFORD 2013.

Sanford would fit in with the creepy #$%$ we already have elected to ruin our country.

If this is any indication that another Bush can win then we are in BIG trouble!

I guess Mississippi is the fattest state and South Carolina is the stupidest.

Wow, what a bunch of stupid inbreds in SC! If this POS wins I will NEVER go there ever!

On the trail again, I am on the trail again."Colbert Busch", sounds indecisive...

Calling yourself republican without a net worth of at least 2 million dollars is akin to proclaiming self stupidity. Voting for this guy just takes stupid and adds #$%$?&amp;%.

Typical REPUBLICAN

South Carolina is full of morons.

A joke or a...joke's sister. South Park's choice was better.

I guess if he would've "come out of the closet" he would have all kinds of support.

If someone can lie to their spouse &amp; children about where they were &amp; who they were with, there's no chance they will be honest with the rest of us.

#$%$!

wow..some pretty twisted folks in the South...this guy is a proven liar, a cheat, a philanderer, and adulterer, and used state money to finance his low moral code and the droolers and Bible thumpers vote for him......what is wrong with Americans? Two Democrats in NY are corrupt, many senators, and now this? Wrangel and Marion Barry are bad enough and yet people vote for them.....what a sick place we are.

If Mark "Plowing the Appalachian Trail" Sanford wins this seat, it will be an outrage of the same magnitude as Casey Anthony being found not guility of killing her child.Didn't he follow in clintons, Edwards, franks and a bunch of other liberals foot steps??

Another fricking Republican loser - don't these shats have something else to do?

It's not South Carolina, the state, that has lost it's mind but the Republicans again.  He is the perfect yahoo candidate.  I heard he met someone in Europe and wants to go there next time.

you can't say enough about south carolina.  didn't think they could sink any lower.

Does the Appalachian Trail run thru South Carolina?

He will fit right in.

Faux Newz: the most unfair and imbalanced manufacturers of stories and manure.  They're so fair to midland that they employ Bull O'Really and Shawn Insanity.  Remember Megyn Kelly will turn your brane to jelly.

Apparently Colbert has absolutely no record of accomplishment in politics.  Never a mayor or a councilperson.  Never a county or state official.  In fact, all she has done is work in an academic setting and act as a mouthpiece and front for ultra liberal organizations and unions.  Why would you vote for someone without any track record of accomplishment.  Oh wait, you liberals twits voted for obama with an even worse record.

Oh, Great! A philanderer running against a comedienne. How can it get any stranger than that?

While Sanford screwed up his personal life, he had a pretty solid record in the public arena as a solid steward of the citizens money and needs.Plus, we already have a clown in Congress who thought he was a comic and funny...he was neither...Al Franken ring any bells...so we surely don't need to the sister of another not funny comic up on the Hill too!So this district will have a choice between a lying adulterer who will no doubt promise to inflict "moral values" on other people (you know Governor Appalachian Trail will win the runoff) and somebody whose "qualification" to be in Congress is that her brother is famous. Perfect example of why both parties shouldn't be allowed anywhere near government.

Being liberal is to accept free thinking, and the ability to use critical thinking skills, to question everything, and to examine things from multiple angles and points of view while looking past one's own biases, ultimately resulting in, "Logical Thinking" The country was founded on Liberalism, that's why we are American and not European highspeed. Though I doubt you have ever been to any higher learning establishment because these are commonly discussed subjects in any US 101 class, the very beginning of any education past high school.

He wont beat colbert bush. sorry gop.

Are the people of S,C. really this damn stupid or what??????

when he was having a affair, he lied about even being in the country. If you are the govenor and your people dont even know where you are if a emergency hits, you dont deserve to be in a post of any authority.

He'll fit right in that South Carolina delagation.

Couldn't you see them would play the theme from "Sanford and Son" before he came on stage

Unbelievable...he is a real disgrace to South Carolina...it is sad to see the "good old boys" are still running the state.  Jenny, loved you book! Wish you had decided to run, it would have been an honor to vote for you!

Now he can do what he did with his lover to the country if he gets elected. but why not? The Republians in the house have been doing that to the whole country anyway.

Pathetic excuse for a "leader". He does not prioritize correctly. Lover first, family and State he's governing somewhere down the list!  He is not fit for a leadership position especially the 2nd time around!Republicans have no core values -- moral majority, family values or otherwise.  Party of ullshitb.

If SC elects this dispicable, pathetic little worm, they will be getting the representation they deserve in Washington.

Another hatchet jobHow much of this article was spent on Sanford and his extramarital affair and how much was spent talking about Busch's qualifications.Once again Yahoo! yellow journalism!!

A bunch of fools on this board tonight.

After a rather through search I find Sanford didn't spend any public money in his mis-behavior, other then the money he had been paid to be governor.  I am disappointed, can anyone help with better sources.

Liz Colbert is a joke.......must run in the family. What idiots!

Colbert is an idiot.not sure about his sister.

somethings never change,,how can ignorance be so bliss among republicans?????

Everybody forgave Clinton why shouldn't this guy get a break?

A Colbert in congress? Say it isn't so.This guy is a liar, but the GOP especially in South Carolina does not care who they sent to Washington to mess up the country.

Just part of the new Republican makeover - everything is OK.

Could Colbert Busch have won without being the brother of Stephen Colbert? No. Thats how Dems vote.

Obama is a great example of why you should never elect someone that hates your country. Left wingers are really bad for America.

Colbert makes for a nice story, but let's not kid ourselves. This is South Carolina, and they're going to elect Sanford when it comes down to brass tax.

Republicans falling in line no matter who the candidate is.  This is sheer stupidity!  Here's a man now bringing in an Argentinian to live on your tax dollars... a family valueless man ... and you jump on him.  Where is your morality?  What is your message?

Gee-Clinton got elected with a horrific martial record.

I thought this was about Steven Colbert.

I am not a republican, but I am glad Sanford won for his party.  Good for him.

Colbert Nation!!!!Amazing how many people live in glass houses!

Extramarital affair???Oh My God. Did he get a "Lewinski" in the oval office and rape a campaign worker? Did he leave his pregnant girlfriend in a river upside down in his car and run home to call his lawyer? Did he allow a gay brothel to exist in his taxpayer paid for apartment? Did he have an affair while his wife was suffering from breast Cancer? Did he have an affair with Donna Rice and tell reporters to "catch me if you can"? Did he have an affair with a young lady who wound up dead in a park?...No? I thought only Republicans did those kind of things....guess not!

Another GOP family valued politician on the comeback trail. How sad that the GOP and their bible thumping seemingly can not find better candidates.

Proof beyond reasonable doubt that South Carolina Repiglicans are really stupid hypocrite mother fugkers.

Based on who and what is in Washington you have my vote sir.

They must grow dope in S.C.

When you reach D C and want some action give Monica a call

John, he's a Rèpublican and Tepublicans voted for him. But as a Demo I am cheering for him to win the run-off. I may even send a contribution.

well there goes another seat to the dems

If Obama can do it, so can he.If Obama can do it, so can he.

House race usually means the race that is in the majority and looking at the picture, that would be the white race.  Wonder if the blacks will let a white win in Congress like the whites let a black win the Presidency???

Funny how all the racist liberals will bash this guy Sanford but not a word about all the Libturds who did far worse like their beloved Clinton or Edwards to name but a few.

Well hes got the right moral to become a politican again. Now all he has to do is say he will give hand outs to everyone, free cash, free meds, free phone, free this, free that.

How is Sanford even in this race? He needs to retire. *sigh* This type of stuff only happens in my wonderful home state of South Carolina.

Keep it up Sanford.......His girlfriend said......

I'd cast my vote for the guy that kept getting caught making sweet love to the horse. That's the kind of commitment we need in DC.

The governor just likes Indian women just like I do.There's nothing wrong with that.

The people in that state are absolutely repugnant.

Can't believe this lying philanderer can get any votes at all. What a #$%$.The real world, 9 - 5 private sector must not be for him - "To the government-mobile, Robin!"

This is going to be an awesome race. I may not like Sanford, but the values party is running someone they ran out of town not too long ago, and the other side is running a famous comedian's sister.I'm going to be very interested in seeing how this turns out.

Who voted to this Adulterer &amp; Liar. He can do that to his family, how much more to Damned people of SC.

Looks like the right is cleaning house right now.

How long until he cheats on María Belén Chapur?

I guess he dosen't like the chicks in South Carolina anymore so he will try them in Washington!!!

What a joke,he actually thinks all is forgotten and just water under the bridge.Yep and oral sex isnt really sex either to quote another famous politicianwho got to slide.

Turner's boy spends half a mil on a doa campaign? (We have made our way as high as you can go in this race because you're not going to pass Sanford in the primary."). What was the point? That's what rich kids get todays instead of Ferraris...political campaigns try-outs?

that's what its all about up front doom dumm

Ah, the good old inbred South.Here is another case of the democrats using the name recognition and that she is a women to push their agenda. This women has no experience just like Ashley Judd. She is going to get railroaded into obscurity. Anyone seen Sandra Fluke lately? How about Lilly Ledbetter? Obama's hump-n-dump squadron of bimbos for the cause.

it

Liberals, rejoyce.  A conservative with your set of family values.  Just like John, Bobby and Teddy Kennedy, Bill Clinton and numerous house and senate members.  Flip this guy and you won't have to indoctrinate him into your party.  He already has the mind-set needed for a successful democratic career.

his peers will adjudicate him in due time~

I thought this guy got caught having bathroom stall sex.

The last 1st district election the republican had 66% of the vote to the dem's 28%. Future epic fail on the way for leftwing loon Colbert's lesbian sister.

She finally fulfilled her childhood dream. How selfless of her.

I concur with the I can`t wait for the Colber Report`s reaction.... No about Mark Sanfor...He who has not kept an Argentine mistress in Buenos Aires during a long term relationship may cast the first stone. I think at some point we`ve all been there.

with the collapse of middle class basicly zealots show up to vote, but waco politics is favorale to have certain victory ,as good never terminated the bad,evil or greedy party of me not the people always comes out greater in this turn out. did they miss their smart pill or grow a new brain?

Please tell us more about these conservative values, and please don't leave out the juicy details.Please tell us more about these conservative values, and please don't leave out the juicy details.

God bless America, she says. Her brother runs around like an anti-American clown with nothing but mockery and seemingly hatred for the USA. Yeah, God bless America, she says. Until she wins. Rooting for you Mr. Sanford. Forgiveness is divine. Give er Hell

Oh!! Now there will be change in washington. 100% true story lol.

Sanford is NOT what is needed in Washington.

I blame conservatives.  They keep electing these #$%$ into office.

Look like SC will put a #$%$ back in office......Content of character has no impact on who you vote for....Color is the only thing you need to be elected...

Please tell us more about these conservative family values . um hum LOL

LOL Conservative  values

He looks tanned and outdoorsy - I'll bet he's been hiking the Appalachian Trail again.

Sanford will win!Congratulations!

Hey folks.  Let him or her who has no sin, cast the first stone!

So he pulled a Clinton and now every liberal is slamming him, what hypocrites!

Shame on South Carolina. Don't they have any dignity or honor?

Hey, if obozo could win a second term anything is possible.  The bar is now so low Moe, Larry and Curly are starting to look like viable contenders.

He was a great congressman for 3 terms and a governor for 2--when confronted with his deception he admitted it the first time. Did not shake finger at people and lie like Bill Clinton.Sanford=competent in personal and government spending budgets.

He who has never kept an Argentine  mistress in Buenos Aires during a longterm relationship cast the first stone. Honestly I think at some point we've all been there.

Sanford, was our governor and he was great, except for the mistake he make in his personal life. I would vote for him again. He's a better man than the President.

Colbert Bush may not get any national money for her race. She alienated al least half of the Democratic base when she said "God blesss America."

I am one of the idiots...and proud of it....He is the one for the job....and the only one on the ballot worth voting for....sounds like some sour grapes.....I have news for N.C.   he's gonna win. Here's the next change. Normal people are afraid of the Dems. There mistake is to much to fast. If you belive the lib media your wrong.The'll be back but not this round. It's always been like this

You know what they do to horses in SC. Sick people down there for sure.

Wow. I thought Sanford was Ryan O'Neill.

And what about Bill Clinton the great American President? He continues to be the American Idol of politics. He is treated with royalty wherever he treads. He even  got Mr. Obama re-elected. Why beat up on Mark Sanford. God does forgive sin and is a God of second chances.Speaking of morality ~~ it is imoral the way our state and federal tax dollars are being spent today on entitlement programs. That should be the focus of every concerned citizen.

the reason the republicans are not doing so good is becasue all the hell bound sinners are voting dem..   AND THATS NO JOKE.

Must have run out of viagra and decided to go back to politics when his prostitute kicked him to the curb!LOL...this is so funny.

After thinking about it I figured it was pretty bad for the GOP to elect Mark Sanford.Then I though some more......I figured it wasn't anywhere near as bad as the Democrats re-electing Obama.

Cheer for our friends in South Carolina, you are on a right path, Maybe Governor can give a lesson or two to Barry Sotaero about spending.....

Colbert Busch  #$%$ is going on with this name?

who is colbert? sounds like colgate toothapaste.those without sin throw the first stone. this think if he were muslim he could have her stoned. remember the dems are saying ban guns it is better for women to be raped than own a gun now that sounds like a muslim.

well Tim Scott is a good guy (yes appointed), as for Senator Lindsey Graham and this Sanford? I have no regard for them. It does not speak well of Carol Rove or the South Carolina voter. yet even the Dems are in bed with big money and stealing big money from the Republic.