just what america needs more investments from china - what is there to celebrate , havent people figured out that american is already owned by far to many foreign corporations and their profits all go there instead of staying in america ..

One state down 49 to go. You better start learning Chinese the heck with Spanish.

"We are letting China's business leaders know that Nebraska is open for business," Heineman said.Looks like Nebraska can be bought also.

What happened to free market capitalism?  I assume the chamber of commerce is reimbursing the taxpayers of Nebraska for all expenses.

do you think having a trade office in China is going to help pay your bills, no it is just giving china a better hold on the USA. you nebraska are a tratior.

How will the State of Nebraska get around the Obama Cartel to do it's business?

Export that govt subsidized corn. Nice.

That's a waste of government money.   Nebraskans don't want to do business with or don't trust the Chinese.   The Chinese already know what Nebraska has to sell.   The Chinese will only want it to be free or too cheap to make money.    Trust me, the Chinese will negotiate a loss for every US business that they talk to.  They are masters at that.

isn't it the U.S. Commerce Department to do that job?  How come it is duplicated?

Nebraska asoohs.Hey Govenor.....Dont forget to ask China about it's HUMAN RIGHTS POLICIES !!!or are you More concerned about making a BUCK at the expense of people being used as Slaves? Or Don't you care about that? I'm guessin' you don't care or otherwise that topic wold be part of your DEAL !  JUDAS !

Etch "Made in the USA" onto every kernel shipped... just for chuckles.

THIS is the kind of thing I wish Heineman would keep his focus on.  Free trade helps the state and the US.  Going on tyrades about illegal immigrants and denying unborn children prenatal care devastates families and hurts everyone.

it may be good to line the economy, but let them buy only!  didnt we already sign a free trade act with china? why are they talking about another??

NNOOOO; HE IS GOING TO SELL OF NEBRASKA!.....''we shall be over-run''..... Services will include business counseling, promotion of products and services, and help in identifying potential business partners. The center also will concentrate on attracting more Chinese investment to Nebraska.'''' hey chinese people there is nothing in Nebraska but corn and beef....stay in ASIA!!!  The Governor is an idiot...

Aparently there's been a run on vasilene in Nebraska.

Nebraska should shun china and just go broke like a good patriotic state.

Uh.... I thought states seperately trading with foreign nations was against the Constitution?Section 10.No state shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills of credit; make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts, or grant any title of nobility.No state shall, without the consent of the Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing it's inspection laws: and the net produce of all duties and imposts, laid by any state on imports or exports, shall be for the use of the treasury of the United States; and all such laws shall be subject to the revision and control of the Congress.No state shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops, or ships of war in time of peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another state, or with a foreign power, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay.

Just what we needed, another reason to be embarrassed to be a Nebraskan.  It's not enough that the Husker football team has morphed into oblivion, now we are dealing with the Devil.

Typical republican corporate hore.