People are people, only morons think their race is supreme, there is really only one race, human. Idiots !

Most everything in life involves baby steps. Hopefully this shooting isn't a baby step to an all out war! It's way past time for President Obama do step up and do the right thing and bring these childish behaving leaders of Israel and Palestine to the table and let's settle this dispute once and for all.

LOL Fickle you going to cry about truth to the government?I hope you draw attention on the facts to bad its not on national television.Your are one pathetic racist hate filled walking double standard.

A drive by? Getting like Chicago now? Ask Rahm what to do....

Didn't they mean to say the shooting happened in Judea and Samaria?

2 religions that don't like bacon. There is your problem right there.

From West Russia to West Bank, those living in the Lebensraum will never be safe.

the feeble minded think it is about the hate of the Jews, zionists are like #$%$, so there is a reason for the hate of people who murder their own for a cause of a conflict that the world does not see as valid. European jews have no right of return. Palestinians Jews endured the times just like Palestinian Christians, and Palestinian Muslims.

Take back America -- get rid of AIPAC!!!

PuhhhleaseChicago would be delighted if that was the only shooting over their weekendisrael, a nation that forges passports from most of their allies to assassinate one person sleeping in a hotel room . . . .  realizes that the car had Palestinian plates . . . no one can forge those, zionists sacrificing a Jew for propaganda by shooting him on the leg wounding him only?

In the time it took me to read this....three or four were probably killed in Chicago.  Why all the fuss about the West Bank?

There is no fire in the ME that is NOTcaused by Israeli Zalimist.

NATANYA HOE CRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL AND DRINKIN BUDDY OF MITT ROMNEY AKA WILLARD THE RAT THE B UTT KISSER AND MIAMI REPUBLICAN MARCO THE MARICON LICKER RUBIO TO TALK ILLIANA THE HOE ROSS AND TO """""OBAMA"""""" AND THE U.N AND WHITE HOUSE N.S.A C.I.A THE PENTAGON AND HE WILL KEEP VOTING AGAINST CUBA AT THE U.N That steps be taken on the rapid deployment counter mesures on development of radio transmision that are media weapons that put ISRAEL in BAD LIGHT ALL OVER THE WORLD with UNCESORED NEWS BROADCAST FROM """" WASHINGTON D.C """"" AN IDEOLOGICAL NO LONGER WARM ENEMA AND NO LONGER A HIND LICKIN SUB OF ISRAEL NOW OUR ENEMY A SUPPORTER OF THE PEACE PROCESS AND PALESTINIANS, THAT ISRAEL HAVE THE RIGHT TO INVADE AS A PRIEMPTIVE MESURE FOR ISRAEL NATIONAL SECURITY, TOO MANY RADIO WAVES AND TV SIGNALS AND INTERNET BEEN SENT BY THE ANTI SEMITE NONE ARE JEWISH OWNED RADIO AND TELEVISION STATION OF"""" WASHINGTON D.C """ TO LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBEAN AND PARTS OF EUROPE INDOCHINA REVEALING THE TRUE NATURE OF THE NEW ZIONIST WORLD ORDER A STATE SECRET; THE CRIME SINISTER MINISTER NATAN Y WAR HOE OF ISRAEL WORLD KNOWN AS ZION NATZIS SAID NEVER AGAIN """""" WASHINGTON D.C """"""WILL THEY UNDERSTAND OUR MEGLOMANICAL REALITY NOR OUR VICTIMS THE PALESTINIANS ARE MERE UNDER MENCHEN AND SUFFER FRON A SINDROMEOF INSECURITY AND VICTIMS HE SAID TO THE U.N AND THE E.U PITTY US THE CHOSEN ONES GOD IS ON OUR SIDE U.N NATO INVADE """""" WASHINGTON D.C """" WE ISRAEL WILL INSTALL A SENATE AND CONGRESS LOYAL TO THE CHOSEN PEOPLE THE JEWISH AMERICAN PARTY AND AIPAC WE WILL PROTECT OUR NATIONAL INTEREST AND ISRAELI JEWS TO SAVE AMERICA FROM THE ANTI SEMITES NOW !!!!!!UMMMMMMM??????!!!!!!!! NEW NAME FOR OUR COUNTRY IN THE FUTURE??? THE UNITED STATES OF ZION NATZI ISRAEL; DONE BY AIPAC AND THE AMERICANS FRIENDS OF ISRAEL WITH OUR OWN MONEY LOLAM THINKING LIKE GOVERNOR WALLCE DEPORTATION NOW OOOPSSS!!! I MENT SEGREGATION NOW DEPORTATION SOON OF THE ANTI SEMITE SPYS AND KILLERS OF PALESTINIANS THE ISRAELI JEWS THE REAL ANTI SEMITES OF THE WORLD WE SEE IT AND I REMEMBER THE USS.LIBERTY AND THE FERRY THEY SUNK FROM TURKEY AND THE AMERICAN THAT THEY SHOT THERE THE YOUNG ALL AMERICAN GIRL STUDENT ACTIVIST THEY RAN OVER WITH OUR AID MONEY THE BULLDOZER TIME TO NUKE THEM RATS OR STOP GIVIN THEM ANY KIND OF AID. AMERICA LOVE IT OR GET THE FK OUT FREEDOM ITS NOT FREE

The arabs critically wounded an Israeli toddler! With a rock! Where is the world's outcry?!!? Only savages attack toddlers!

1954: ISRAELI AGENTS BOMB US PROPERTY, THEN BLAME ARABS!The legendary Mossad – Israel’s intelligence agency – has as its motto: “By Way of Deception, Thou Shall do War.” The first ever “terror” attack against American targets occurs in Egypt during 1950. “Arab terrorists” claim credit for these acts of destruction (no one was killed). When Egyptian authorities capture the real culprits, it is revealed that they are Jews impersonating Arabs. The intent is to bring America and the Arabs into conflict. Israeli damage control maintains that the operation (The Lavon Affair) is a rogue operation that the Israeli government knew nothing about. It is nonetheless a fact of history that the first anti US terror attack in the Middle East was carried out not by Arabs, but by Israeli spies!

Is this really news?

Isn't the West Bank Palestinian territory. What's and israeli doing there? If Palestinian from the West Bank tried to enter Israel he would be shot immediately.Israel is forcing itself on the Palestinians by stealing land and building illegal settlments

WAR WAR NOW AMERICANS! serve your slave masters! The JEW has the CASH $.

Regardless, the Palestinians have 100% of nothing.JEW has a hang nail! Americans to WAR American children  to DIE protecting the JEW! On to WAR stupid American..A hang nail!

Israel shoots a youth (child) in the head and the Palestinians shoot an old man in the leg.

Apartheid South Africa’s white rulers actively sought to emulate Israeli methods of control in the Occupied Ter-ritories:“South Africa’s army chief, Constand Viljoen, visited Israel’s occupied territories in the spring of 1977, marveling at the Israeli checkpoint system and the searches of Arabs conducted by soldiers at each roadblock. ‘The thoroughness with which Israel conducts this examination is astonishing. At the quickest, it takes individual Arabs that come through there about one and a half hours. When the traffic is heavy, it takes from four to five hours,’ he observed admiringly. In addition to studying how Israel controlled the movement of Palestinians, the SADF [South African Defence Force] was also interested in Israel’s battlefield training methods and sent twenty-two members of the army to Israel to study the IDF’s combat school with the goal of establishing a replica in South Africa.”—Sasha Polakow-Suransky, The Unspoken Alliance: Israel’s Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa, 2010

He shouldn't have been in the west bank anyway.

The rumbling are all the result of the hardline government of Israel,with its finishing touches to end the aspirations of Palestinians and their state.The rumbling will get uglier and more blood will be shed.

Get out of the West Bank.

THATS IN PALESTINE NOT ISRAEL

There is no palastine just refugees from other arab countries trying to overthrow Israel. No matter how long arabs lie about that it wont change history or the truth

If the immoderately dumbed-down American public had any minor notion of the excessive amounts of taxpayer dollars that are channeled to fkg Israel while we languish under an economic crisis they would rise up in millions and demand an immediate cut-off of all aid to these ungrateful welfare recipients....

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 "You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies."Yes, I know that chapter well. Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees, not all jews. Just the evil leaders &amp; rulers that were perverting God's laws.That makes....let's see....Palestine 1, Israel 242.

Bonjour I was looking at the Paradox of Natanyahu and Hitler two munsters with a incomplete Government and an Agenda  Land and living space in german, english, french, arabian and yiddish the same space the means of getting it by war the means of stay in POWER BY WAR un restricted agressive brutal war in an incomplete government create events that will keep them on the minds of others as distraction to the facts as well as they acts of agression and make them self look as victims like the #$%$ did to poland at the border radio station so many similaritys in the order of actions by this two munsters T WANTED TO STAY IN POWER that is inpossible to separate the two one a MASTER RACE THE OTHER THE CHOSEN RACE HENCE THE NAME OF THIS SECOND MUNSTER IS THE ZION NAZI CHOSEN RACE ACCOUNTABLE TO NONE AND LIKE HITLER TOO SOON IT WILL BE GONE HISTORY WILL REPEAT IT SELF AND ITS HAPPENING NOW THAT IS THE PARADOX LIKE HITLER HE TOO WILL LOOSE THE ONLY FRIEND HE HAD RUSSIA IN THIS PARADOX IS U.S.A MAY WE THE PEOPLE DONT REACT LIKE RUSSIA DID TO PEOPLE OF GERMAN STOCK BECAUSE THEY DID KNOW AS TO WHOM THEY WERE LOYAL TO AND IT WAS NOT THEM THINK ABOUT IT SOME PARADOX YOU WILL GET IT MAYBE NOT!!!

Feeling sorry for a jew supremacist would be like feeling sorry for someone who swam half way across a ocean to a Island inhabited by cannibals.Would you feel sorry for that person when they complain of being surrounded by water?Would you feel sorry for that person when the Cannibals eat them when he tries to steal from them or kill the fellow Cannibals?

happens in US a couple of times a day. Yawn!

Why was Golda Mier so beautiful?

ISRAEL THE OTHER MASTER RACE

Israel is a criminal interprise  under cover of a legitimate government like bugsy and meyer lansky and lucky luciano needs to be indicted under the rico act

the main source of today's world problems is arab/muslim inability to accept existence of israel as a viable national state of jewish people

And you want peace? You worthless pieces of krap.

Whatsa Palestinian car look like?Americans have finally gotten wise to what jews are all about and their methods used.  Lies, distortions, omissions of facts, diversions of issues, propaganda.  All are the tools of the jew.

Israelis have NEVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people.  The continuous claim of "Israel is our ally" has run its course.  It is nothing but lies and propaganda, both are tools of the jew.

Way to go Pal folks!

Why did they aim for the legs? They should have shot higher.

The settlers are all neo natzis

Israeli settlers and soldiers wound and kill Palestinians every day of the week and it is no longer newsworthy.

Should have killed instead of wounding. Maybe he'll die from his wounds.

Really mohammedans ... was Aisha nine or ten when she got raped by mohammed ?

Titus 1:14They must stop listening to Jewish myths and the commands of people who have turned away from the truth.

I read all that b/s about loyalty to whom israel?You all need to wake up your loyalty is to your country THE UNITED STATES IF NOT YOU NEED TO BE SHOT; ISRAEL OUR FRIENDS? The very people whom spy and steal from us from secrets to uranium whom kill our sailors remember the u.s.s. Liberty? And civilian activist americans with our own aid money? And you all dont care, thats the jewish media control on you whom corrupt our senate and congress, 5 fth columnist in our politics and life people with loyalty to israels agenda not our country; i understand hitler now as well as israel hitler the master race israel the chosen ones to burn in hell it all makes sence and both founded by jews any one that loves israel so much more than these united states of america needs to go every one of you rat fink traitors rats !! If it was by me i would shoot the traitors and rats all america first love it or get the fk out you know whom you are!!!How Do They KNOW They Were Pals And NOT Zionist False Flag?  Seems To Me If They Were Pals, He'd Be Dead, NOT Injured.Will Zionist Israel Have "Arab Only"  Bus Stops Now?

For our President's visit, Israel is cleaning up streets and hanging lights,Palis are doing drive-bys. Mr Prez ! ... AVOID Mohacadamians !!

FUNNY THERE IS NOT A DAY WITH OUT the Zion Natzis in the YAHOO NEWS SELF PROMOTION 2407

Palestinians are filth and it's no use trying to negotiate peace with them...they're beggers and all they want is more, more...they use violence to try and intimidate Israel.

You people that want the jews to go back to where they came from have the wrong idea.  They need to go back behind the Green line ok, but not back to europe or America or whereever they came from.  The whole point is to get them into one location.  Do NOT let them get scattered again.  That only serves to get the whole mess started again.  Get them back to their Israel and help them build a bigger, better wall around the entire nation.  With no gate.

That's like saying people that break into your house, are defending themselves from you. If only Hitler had a PR system like Israel does.

Muslims are the invaders in israel. They never lived there. They came to kill and plunder but were defeated, they should have been chased back to the neighboring countries where they came from in the 20th century. Now they are just filthy criminals and invades and murderers. They know nothing else they are insane and should be removed from israel, including the west bank and gaza.

What was he doing in the West Bank anyways?

all that b/s about loyalty to whom israel?You all need to wake up your loyalty is to your country THE UNITED STATES IF NOT YOU NEED TO BE SHOT; ISRAEL OUR FRIENDS? The very people whom spy and steal from us from secrets to uranium whom kill our sailors remember the u.s.s. Liberty? And civilian activist americans with our own aid money? And you all dont care, thats the jewish media control on you whom corrupt our senate and congress, 5 fth columnist in our politics and life people with loyalty to israels agenda not our country; i understand hitler now as well as israel hitler the master race israel the chosen ones to burn in hell it all makes sence and both founded by jews any one that loves israel so much more than these united states of america needs to go every one of you rat fink traitors rats !! If it was by me i would shoot the traitors and rats all america first love it or get the fk out you know whom you are!!!

What is an Infidel?  An Infidel is a non believer of Islam.  An Infidel can also be a believer of Islam is another muslim says so.Palestinian attackers wound Israeli in West Bank.....the answer to that is to send these animals back to iran in a coffin

"  The West Bank, captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war and claimed by the Palestinians, has experienced a jump in violence in recent weeks  "Two quick corrections:  The West Bank is internationally recognized as "occupied lands"...there is no dispute in that term...The "67 war" was a calculated land-grab by the Israeli thieves, leading Israeli officials conceded publicly that Israel initiated the conflict for purposes of expansion....the land will never be returned unless the Jews are forced to give it back through a stronger external authority...

its funny..when its an Israeli who is shooting the Palestinian, it gets major headlines and when its the other way around Palestinian shooting an Israeli, all it gets is a small article.These journalists are a bunch of haters and one sided.

Intersting...They mostly target women and children...

Where is the UN or Unicef. Oh thats right they only put out anti bias reports against Israel. It does not matter to them how many innocent people their peaceful para stinkians attack,

Israel the other master race is a criminal interprise just like hitlers

Sorry but when fools zealots and war profiteers force their way into bad neighborhoods they get what they get !!!

What's needed today ... the Muslim community must find the cojones to condemn the acts of those "drive-by COWARDS" !

That muhammed movie was right! Muslims are all perverted lying thieves and killers.

Muslims lie with every breath and kill with every motion.maybe they should get off the land they stole off the palestinians

Taqqyia is very useful tool.Lying shamelessly for islam is a good thing.Only that we know that they lie and pay no attention to them.

Rosenfeld says two shots were fired from a Palestinian car, which then fled the scene.The attack comes two days before President Barack Obama is due to visit the region.yep, more lies and propaganda

So mohammedans, why not talk honestly about how the primitive illiterate feuk named mohammed raped the nine year old ?It is one of your stories, I just related it .

more from the liars, land thieves, murderers war criminal occupiers, America needs to cut you off, Obama wasting his time going there

utube Israel - Occult Zionism - Hell on Earth - Documentary - WW3 - NWO

The Jews create the violence and impasse in this conflict for one obvious reason:  they profit enormously from it....they are accomplished thieves, liars, terrorists and cold-blooded murderers of children, and their plan is to annex the remnants of Palestinian land until they squeeze them out of the area. Obama is their dutiful stooge---he will do their bidding---including an American attack on Iran on Israel's behalf...

Good old Palestinians up to their same old antics...

The Truth about Israel Today and how long US TAX PAYERS shall support a state that does not recognize the dignity of others unless you are a Jew:Israel is stealing Palestinian land to import fanatic Jews and pay them American Tax Payers Earned Money to build settlements in a land that belongs to Palestinians that have not that much to begin with. This is the worst crime of the century, Americans need to know this.Today Israel’s government has adopted a self destructive behavior that will not serve them well in the future. They have the option to accept the Palestinians’ right to exist and have their own state.They have the option to stop stealing land from the west bank and dismantling the illegal settlements that they have built.They have the option to stop importing Jews from all around the world that are not born in Israel.They have the option to behave humanly.But unfortunately they have decided to occupy, kill and steal Palestinian land, until they elect governments that are humane, willing to accept the Palestinian suffering they have caused, they will never live in Peace in the Israel they have created. The entire world knows and sees the truth.I believe the day will come, when America will say, we cannot support Israel’s criminal behavior.To their own benefit, Israel should find a way to negotiate a just peace deal with Palestinians before American support evaporates.

Every time the palestinians attack israel the city the attack came from should be torn down and the property confiscated.I always thought Golda was a  guy in drag.  He just should have shaved more often.

I know .... mohammedans do not want to talk about pedophilia ... brings back ugly memories.

Critically wounded? That means dead, right? Notice who starts every incident and violent event. The PALESTINIANS. Again and again. But it's not a peaceful thing. THEY KILL.. The Palestinians must be removed from the West Bank and Gaza.

"The administration has already used its discretion to minimize the cuts to Israel forced by sequestration to $155 million, nearly $100 less than the initial estimated cut. But even this reduced cut has alarmed pro-Israel supporters... thousands of AIPAC delegates made their way to Capitol Hill for lobbying meetings with their Senate and House representatives urging lawmakers to repeal the cut...Forward, Nathan Guttman – In an effort to save aid to Israel from mandatory, across-the-board cuts now being imposed on all discretionary federal programs, pro-Israel activists are opening the door on a dramatic course of action they have rejected repeatedly in the past.Members of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the largest pro-Israel lobby, are refusing to foreclose any option — including special legislation for Israel, if necessary — to keep aid to the country from being cut.

A Muslim drive by , what is this world coming to ??

If I make you let me moohhohhhohhhve into a ghetto, take your water and homes, I guess I deserve whatever happens to me and my loved ones.  Very supihhhihhhhihhhihhhd.

If muslims were peaceful would everybody have to take their shoes off everytime we go through an airport. Thank a muslim for ruining a simple experience like flying

Barbara, your claims of "pro Pali" is stupid and another lie.  We are Americans who have come to learn that Israel is no ally or friend and NEVER has been.  And you jews are nothing but provacatures who seek to demonize arabs/muslims by any means available.  Time for you to give up and move to your Israel where you all belong.

I Don't Believe NOTHING The Zionists Or THEIR Media Say Or Do.

wierd-alot of posters who claim to be pro pali are cheering this on......any idjut knows that it'll just bring more pain unto their beoble.Bonjour I was looking at the Paradox of Natanyahu and Hitler two munsters with a incomplete Government and an Agenda Land and living space in german, english, french, arabian and yiddish the same space the means of getting it by war the means of stay in POWER BY WAR un restricted agressive brutal war in an incomplete government create events that will keep them on the minds of others as distraction to the facts as well as they acts of agression and make them self look as victims like the #$%$ did to poland at the border radio station so many similaritys in the order of actions by this two munsters T WANTED TO STAY IN POWER that is inpossible to separate the two one a MASTER RACE THE OTHER THE CHOSEN RACE HENCE THE NAME OF THIS SECOND MUNSTER IS THE ZION NAZI CHOSEN RACE ACCOUNTABLE TO NONE AND LIKE HITLER TOO SOON IT WILL BE GONE HISTORY WILL REPEAT IT SELF AND ITS HAPPENING NOW THAT IS THE PARADOX LIKE HITLER HE TOO WILL LOOSE THE ONLY FRIEND HE HAD RUSSIA IN THIS PARADOX IS U.S.A MAY WE THE PEOPLE DONT REACT LIKE RUSSIA DID TO PEOPLE OF GERMAN STOCK BECAUSE THEY DID KNOW AS TO WHOM THEY WERE LOYAL TO AND IT WAS NOT THEM THINK ABOUT IT SOME PARADOX YOU WILL GET IT MAYBE NOT!!!

CRUSH the Pali's

"Palestinian attackers have shot..Israeli, who is in his 60s."Courageous people those palestinians...

If the Khazar Judaists stole your property, tortured, murdered your family would you retaliate?????

Israel should take back Gaza, the West Bank, and the Sinai.Evict the fake "palestinian" terrorists to their loving and adoring brothers in Jordan, Egypt, Turkey, Lebanon, Iran.. if any of them would accept them, which I seriously doubt.

AF, get back behind the Green line and you won't have to put up with them.

para stinkians are a virus that try to kill where ever it goes. They dont want peace they just want to overthrow any country they invade..

dear palestinians -This is why people do not support you, even though your cause is just. Stop attacking the Israelis. It only makes them attack back and then you all get that "what did poor old us do to deserve this" look on your faces and it only reinforces the fact that you are liars who cannot be trusted.Again, you have a just cause, one that many people will get behind.If you'd just stop being a-holes for, like, an hour, that is.love and kisses,the world

mohammed was illiterate and a disgusting pedophile. FACTHe raped a nine years old and played with her toys trying to calm her down.PEDO !!!!!!!!

@Pro Palestinian:  The fight always begins with a generic muslim doing something stupid like throwing rocks (that can kill) or slaughtering an entire Jewish family, or beating up Jewish youngsters.  For some reason muslims believe they are untouchable except by their religious and political leaders that have executed, tortured and etc millions of muslims.  never again means never again.  If you slaughter Jewishpeople or Christian people they will retailiate in force.If Arabs weren't hostile to Israel as a National Home of Jewish people - the Arab Palestinian State would be 60+ years old by now prospering alongside Israel!And Israeli public opinion would not be so far to the right as it is today (the rise of Naftali Bennett and his party), and everyone knows why it is!

Palestinians and Syrians--don't hurt innocent Jews on your land; just give them eviction notices and then evict them.  Limit your executions to Jewish military invaders.

"Last week, a Palestinian youth was killed after throwing rocks at soldiers while an Israeli toddler was critically wounded when Palestinians threw rocks at a car."All we ever hear from those who hate Israel is how the palestinians aren't really inflicting any harm because they are "just throwing stones", so soldiers have no reason or right to shoot them. I wonder if any of those people claiming that would feel differently if their toddler was CRITICALLY WOUNDED by rock-throwing #$%$. Stoning was, and still is in some parts, a very effective way to kill someone. If you don't want to risk being shot, stop throwing stones.

2013.03.18 (Mogadishu, Somalia) - Islamic car bombers take out at least seven people.2013.03.18 (Peshawar, Pakistan) - At least four people are killed by two Shahid suicide bombers at a courtroom.2013.03.17 (Mosul, Iraq) - A man and his daughter are brutally murdered by Mujahideen.2013.03.17 (Narathiwat, Thailand) - A 64-year-old Buddhist official is shot in the head by Muslim 'separatists'.2013.03.16 (Garmat Ali, Iraq) - Jihadi car bombers take down ten Iraqis waiting at a bus station in a Shia area.2013.03.16 (Landhi, Pakistan) - Sipah-e-Sahaba shoot a handicapped #$%$ to death at a market.

"According to traditional sources, Aisha was six or seven years old when she was betrothed to Muhammad and nine when the marriage was consummated. However, al-Tabari records that she was ten. The sources do not offer much more information about Aisha's childhood years.

When Obama said he admires Israel’s “core values,” which values was he talking about? The dehumanization of the Palestinians? The attitude toward African migrants? The arrogance, racism and nationalism? Is this what he admires? Don’t separate buses for Palestinians remind him of something? Doesn’t two communities living on the same land, one with full rights and the other with no rights, “ring a bell,” as they say in America?

Zionism is the best antidote against the nzi rash and the mohammedan itch.Guaranteed.

Look up apartheid.  Israel is all inclusive that is to say muslims, Christians, non religious and of course Jewishpeople live in that country.  In muslim regimes you have leaders expelling, confiscating, robbing anyone that is not the same kind of muslim as they are .NOW FOLKS THAT IS APARTHEID.

Save your ammo Palestinians. You can use it three days from now.

mohammedans will try to kill people, gang style.IDF will show them the light.So, mohammedans ... lets talk more about mohammed the illiterate feuk who thought it was OK to pork a nine years old and play husband and wife.

Dedicated to the people that know right from wrong.Palistine the greatest hoaxA lie to the world on ignorant folksThat belive in a place that has never beenBy a teroist nation thats really a sinTheir leaderr arafart was a total charadeThat had sex with boys and died of aids.So remember this when you use your brainSupporting terroism is just insane

Today we have a holy jihad which means that a muslim MUST exterminate a Non Believerif he#$%$ wants to go to Allah's heaven.

@Cojones, the universal definition of antisemitism ans as negative feelings and attitude towards jewish people.

God bless Israel

The Palestinians deserve a state one state they should all be moved to where they have a form of a sucessfull government. Trade land for peace move them all to Gaza they all seem to like that form of self rule. They then have a state, let Israel then shut off any services plus allow them to have a open border with Egypt if Egypt so chooses. An invented people in a true invented country Gaza.

Where is the UN or Unicef. Oh thats right they only put out anti bias reports against Israel. It does not matter to them how many innocent people their peaceful para stinkians attack,

how are you all, defenders of your faith and country ? who is winning this cyber warfare , what are the casualties ...... a big hello to all the keyboard warriors lol

" a palestinian car".....what, do they drive certain kinds of cars?

israel is a nazi sate run by terroristsmohammedan justice ......... you steal a riksha ....... you get butchered like a sheep in a bus station.The followers of mohammed understand his message.

Palestine land = West Bank? They must have been really irate when the Arab nations walked across their front yard to destroy Israel.

Pook, Gimme ONE VERSE in the Quran that allows Pedophilia.. I dare you ;-)

Rocky and Bullwinkle-----21Palestinians-----0

Should have killed instead of wounding. Maybe he'll die from his wounds.

Pook walks into a bar with his pet monkey, Ishy.Pook says to the bartender, "I'll have an empty can of beer,and a bag of nuts for the monkey."The bartender, looking puzzled repeats the order, "An empty can of beer and a bag of nuts."Pook whines to the bartender, " You're a LIAR. Prove to me I ever said that, you LIAR."The bartender has had enough and says, "You can't bring that animal in here."Pook shouts at the bartender, "Fuek you BIGOT, you MOUK:"Bartender says, "I wasn't talking to you goatboy, I was talking to the monkey.". . . . and so it goes. . .

How can anyone be a friend of a muslim when said muslim is told to exterminate a non believer if he#$%$ wants to go to Allah's heaven and get their 72 virgins?

Israeli...shot in the leg... near the Kedumin settlement in the West Bank.Has anyone had a look where this is?  It almost in the middle of the bloody West Bank...I mean stealing your neighbors' land an inch at a time around the edges is pretty bad but going directly into heart the Palestinian's territory to rustle land is downright stupid.Try that in Texas the guys balls would be serving as a hood ornament on someone's caddy.

Zionists will make sure that Israel is here in eternity.Israel lives and prospers.

shameless liars that they are just google  236 references to 6,000,000 Jews prior to the Nuremberg TrialJust a couple of days ago Israel released a palestinkian terrorist to Gaza because he was on a PARTIAL "hunger strike" (skipped an occasional meal). And THIS is the thanks they get from the terrorist garbage that need to be evicted to Jordan.

Rick is righhghhhghhht, the humahhhahhhahhhnitarian in me is illogical..

i find it funny as folks like you use the term antisemetic as they reffer to israel as the recipient of antisemetic retorts as in fact the antisemetic is them arabs are semites and the ones oppressing them and killing them fencin them and they children is Israel other semites like them I fail to see the reason for your question or its intent

..Note to palis:  Attacking innocent civilians isnt exactly the best way to persuade them to give you a country of your very own.

Easy solution: Israelis stay out of the West Bank.

Yahoo user is an imbecile who does not get a simple story:--- they killed nobody, they shot the man in the leg. No bagel for you.--- Corrie was a rabid anti American known to have burned our flag. Pancake suit her.Got syrup ?

It was probably one of those Iranians doing a drive by out of revenge for the magnetic car bombs.  Palests don't do drive bys.  They do suicide bombings.  Anyway, one less IDF trooper to worry about.  One less illegal settler.

Very smart Palestupidans. Gee let's show Israel how tough we are. What do you mean they are gonna kick our #$%$ again, we will show them.

America needs to cut off all aid asap, no more free ride to these deceivers liars land thieves trouble makers propaganda artists

And the beat goes on.........Batten down the hatches, normal people of the world...The Jew-Hater Express Freight Town is passing through led by the supreme bigots themselves: Epic(pucker)Phactor, and RabbiR3Dwhatever......can you smell their putrid stink yet?

bin laden is a para stinkian hero. They love him. How about you

Mohammed sucks .. Anyone who is related to a bomber or  terrorist  should be killed. Maybe if they knew there family would die from there actions it would scare them from doing anything wrong.

Glad to see this peace thing working out over there.

if israel gives up its nukes it will be annihilated by its blood thirsty arab/muslim neighbors who want israel off the map yesterday - REGARDLESS OF ITS BORDERS!thank you anti-zionist posters for proving my point!

If Arabs weren't hostile to Israel as a National Home of Jewish people - the Arab Palestinian State would be 60+ years old by now prospering alongside Israel!And Israeli public opinion would not be so far to the right as it is today (the rise of Naftali Bennett and his party), and everyone knows why it is!

Jewish rivalry is more than 1400 years old, 'cause Quran is the only Holy Book that was not revealed in the linage of Israelis... They are jealous of Islam... So they have plotted for centuries to defame/disgrace and defeat it... Why haven't they grasped the chance to become God's favorite once again is what amazes me:"You are now the best people brought forth for (the guidance and reform of) mankind. You enjoin what is right and forbid what is wrong and believe in Allah. Had the People of the Book believed it were better for them. Some of them are believers but most of them are transgressors." (Quran 3:110)See, only the people with beautiful conduct, best of manners and best for humanity can be the favorites of God... It makes absolute sense...p.s. Jews reject the Third Abrahamic faith... Please read the Quran and find out why?

the main source of today's world problems is arab/muslim inability to accept existence of israel as a viable national state of jewish people

best palestanian is a dead one.

What happened, thumbers .... got tired of it ?America should be supporting the oppressed peoples of Palestine and force the stinking jews back behind their own borders.  Cut off the US taxpayer welfare.

The Cojones guy sounds like a mad mohammedan. What makes it funny is that he keeps insisting that he is American and that he is concerned about our tax $.Very funny.

"shooting near the Kedumin settlement in the West Bank".Well duh...don't steel land and then you won't get shot.

“When Israelis in the occupied territories now claim that they have to defend themselves, they are defending themselves in the sense that any military occupier has to defend itself against the population they are crushing… You can’t defend yourself when you’re militarily occupying someone else’s land. That’s not defense. Call it what you like, it’s not defense.”~ Noam Chomsky

Denne, yeah.  Your Israel never works on getting handouts at all, do they?  Nah.  They don't beg.  They bribe, extort, blackmail, lie, ect.  But never do they ask for handouts at all, do they?

dang but there are a bunch of angry teens on this story. maybe you should all get together in your nice white sheets and have a party! bring lots of oil so you can have fun with each other after the cross burning..

oh yeah, those peaceful non-violent pali resisters...like those who beheaded four month old hadas fogel.and israel remains way too soft on them!

Why are aRABzz so damn UGLY??..may anyone please answer this honest question ...just happen to be curious.

"The attack comes two days before President Barack Obama is due to visit the region."Same old-same old. The so-called palestinians attempting to provoke some response from Israel, hoping it turns out badly and kills some women and children, to garner sympathy in the wake of the visit by Obama. Pretty predictable and not unexpected.

SIMPLE, its time for israel to do a real good MOOZIEASSKICKING,on themfilthy PALISSo who really shot the bum on the street ?I bet its all a setup to make Obama feel sorry for their sorry butts.

now they are palestinians before 1967 they was jordaniens

Poor palestinian, the recoil from the gun must have hurt his hand when he shot that Israeli.

oh and thank you for making Israel stronger. i copied this thread and sent it to my Congressman to show him the evils of bigotry and hate. i am sure he will keep sending money to Israel. thanks!!

Arabs suck. Muslim immigrants too.It is time for USA to stop all visas.

AF: Wanna see a hot Arab Chick? I can make that happen? LOL!

"Keybanker  •  36 mins ago Report AbuseIsraeli settlers and soldiers wound and kill Palestinians every day of the week and it is no longer newsworthy."------------ INCORRECT, .........if IDF as much as shoves a mohammedan, it is news.

"Rick  •  1 hr 38 mins -- Richie, no one has a PR system like jews do. Lies, distortions, omissions of facts, propaganda are the tools of the jews."-------------  Yes? Like your omission that Nasser died in 1970 while you weaved a story about him placed in 1973? Like that?

Truth Hurts especially when it is all facts and something that is documentable.,...Maybe instead of blaming others for your cultures failures and took it upon yourself to speak out like many good Jewish people do then you would not sit there and have to show your double standards and racism towards non-Jews.I would not expect much more from a T/\LMUDIC Jew supremacist!

“Wonderful roads, wide roads, well-paved roads, brightly lit at night—all that on stolen land. When a Palestinian drives on such a road, his vehicle is confiscated and he is sent on his way.“On one occasion I witnessed such an encounter between a driver and a soldier who was taking down the details before confiscating the vehicle and sending its owner away. ‘Why?’ I asked the soldier. ‘It’s an order—this is a Jews-only road’, he replied. I inquired as to where was the sign indicating this fact and instructing [other] drivers not to use it. His answer was nothing short of amazing. ‘It is his responsibility to know it, and besides, what do you want us to do, put up a sign here and let some antisemitic reporter or journalist take a photo so he that [sic] can show the world that Apartheid exists here?’…“Indeed Apartheid does exist here.”—“Yes, There is Apartheid in Israel,” CounterPunch, 8 January 2007Name the 2 greatest mass murderers in human history.Answer: #1 Genrich Yagoda, a Polish Jew who became known as "Stalin's Murderer", who killed an estimated 40 million people.#2 Lazar Kaganovich, a Ukrainian Jew, responsible for the Ukraine famine. Only convicted of 12 million murders, he was estimated to have murdered 20-25 million people. He was known as "Iron Lazar" or "The Wolf of the Kremlin"

Whats a Palestinian car?

"...Judaism is a religion; but Zionism is a political movement started mainly by East European (Ashkenazi) Jews who for centuries have been the main force behind communism/socialism. The ultimate goal of the Zionists is one-world government under the control of the Zionists and the Zionist-oriented Jewish international bankers." - Jack Bernstein

"The Jew is not satisfied with de-Christianizing, he Judaises; he destroys the Catholic or Protestant Faith, he provokes indifference, but he imposes his idea of the world, of morals and of life upon those whose faith he ruins; he works at his age-old task, the annihilation of the religion of Christ." --(Rabbi Benamozegh, quoted in J. Creagh Scott's Hidden Government, page 58).

"The Communist soul is the soul of Judaism. Hence it follows that, just as in the Russian revolution the triumph of Communism was the triumph of Judaism, so also in the triumph of fascism will triumph Judaism."(A Program for the Jews and Humanity, Rabbi Harry Waton, p. 143-144).

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

I know the muslim world will be shouting 'allah is great' cos of this act. No protests, no anger, no condemnation so far from them. Let it be the other way round and they will be boiling with rage and anger.Anyway, i know soon enough the fly will soon be in the jaw of the cat..

UhO! They got an Israeli in the leg. When they find them, they'll be hacked to death. A trial is impossible.

I find it interesting that a 60 year old Israeli can get shot by some mohammedan thugs while waiting for a bus and the bigots on Yahoo will tell you how hateful the Jews are...See my point ?

israel: we´re not prejudiced we just hate everybody !!!A person asked the Prophet (peace be upon him): "What is the highest form of Jihad?'' He (peace be upon him) said, "Speaking the truth in the presence of a tyrant ruler" ~ Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him)

Somehow information about that is deliberately kept from Americans. Also how can Americans properly judge the situation in Palestine without a historical context? How can they continue to blindly support Israel without really knowing the truth about how their support is used by the Zionist state?

Richie, no one has a PR system like jews  do.  Lies, distortions, omissions of facts, propaganda are the tools of the jews.

He surrendered Palestinian sovereignty at Oslo. Edward Said explained best.He described "the fashion-show vulgarities of the White House ceremony, the degrading spectacle of Yasser Arafat thanking everyone for the suspension of most of his people's rights, and the fatuous solemnity of Bill Clinton's performance, like a 20th century Roman emperor shepherding two vassal kings through rituals of reconciliation and obeisance, (and) the truly astonishing proportions of the Palestinian capitulation

Since 1967, variations of Yigal Allon's plan reflect official policy. Elements include:permanent militarized occupation;"maximum land with minimum Arabs;"dispossessing Palestinians from areas Israel wants exclusively for Jews;annexing all valued parts of Judea and Sumaria;controlling Greater Jerusalem;claiming the international city as Israel's exclusive capital;establishing settlements, military bases, free-firing zones, commercial locations, tourist sites, nature reserves; no-go areas, Jews-only roads, checkpoints, other barriers, and other exclusively Jewish areas;stealing Palestinian resources; andcracking down harshly on resisters.

"Israel aint on my map, nor in my heart.It aint even there, as much as our enemy tears us apart.It’s army are killers, deserving no title of…soldiers.Sick minds built to shed our blood with their folders.Cowards, scream like women, confronted by stones.Their tactics for information gain, to break and crumble bones.Targets are babies, prisoners are boys and old men,Using same old excuses, again and again.They have no name where I am concerned,For the horror and pain over years I have learned.Animals, dogs have more morals and guilt.For they don’t destroy lives innocently built.Many may ask, well what about Palestinians?My answer is this, most are civilians!Those who bomb and those who shoot,Have more likely been under ‘Israel’s’ boot.Now tell me this, and be honest with me.If you were their victim, then would you agree?If they raped your sister in her own bed,Shot your brother in the head,Forced you too see one color, just red.All you love, because of them are dead.Then tell me, is attack of Gaza justified?If you say yes, I know you have lied.Is it fair? Is it ok? Is it ‘just’ a war?What are these civilians dying for?No human, no sane mind, can be comfortable with death,Gaza massacred, children fighting for a final breath.Protests are great and prayers are heard, but what now?Who takes a stand and please tell me how?If freedom loving America avoids this like the plague,The fighters of terrorism, who know what’s on the next page.If leaders remain quite, to this horror, this riot,The people will search for a guide and supply it.How long do you think the Muslims will slumber?For when they come, they’ll bring down thunder.And when they march they will strike fear.And sad to say that time is near.And when every Muslim feels an anger, the world will surely know.This nation look out for each other, and they won’t always keep their profile low.Cuz if your home is invaded, surely you rise and fight.You would not allow a killer to take down your family in the night.And we call ourselves the strangers, the Muslims will unite.And when and if the time will come, it will be a fair and equal fight.No mercy will be shown, to ruthless forces who feel they can,Delete the lives of every Muslim, woman child and man!Gaza* we are with you, Gaza we can see.No media propaganda blinds the free.You call on your brothers, your Ummah are here.Allah chose the time, the location and year.God is great…..and justice will be done without the help of Islam’s enemies."* West Bank

Apartheid South Africa’s white rulers actively sought to emulate Israeli methods of control in the Occupied Ter-ritories:“South Africa’s army chief, Constand Viljoen, visited Israel’s occupied territories in the spring of 1977, marveling at the Israeli checkpoint system and the searches of Arabs conducted by soldiers at each roadblock. ‘The thoroughness with which Israel conducts this examination is astonishing. At the quickest, it takes individual Arabs that come through there about one and a half hours. When the traffic is heavy, it takes from four to five hours,’ he observed admiringly. In addition to studying how Israel controlled the movement of Palestinians, the SADF [South African Defence Force] was also interested in Israel’s battlefield training methods and sent twenty-two members of the army to Israel to study the IDF’s combat school with the goal of establishing a replica in South Africa.”—Sasha Polakow-Suransky, The Unspoken Alliance: Israel’s Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa, 2010

This is news, Okie, Why don't you make a front page news every time a Palestinian child is shot by the IDF?

the Berlin wall went down in 1990, when will the zio apartheid wall fall?

Why are ARABZ so damn ugly???!  OMG !  ..any answer would be very much appreciatedJust a couple of days ago Israel released a terrorist cockroach to Gaza because he was on a PARTIAL "hunger strike" (skipped an occasional meal). And THIS is the thanks they get from the terrorist garbage that need to be evicted to Jordan.

Its time for Israel to skip the rubber bullets and start using live ammunition at all confrontations with this terrorist trash. Its what any other nation would do. Decades of this mentally ill garbage...Israel has been too tolerant for too long.

Great shooting Palestinians ! Can,t even do a drive by right. And a 60 year old man is not as fast as he used to be!

Sand jockys

wonder what false flag they have planned for Obamas visit

The surrounding savages are active today.

Just practice for the Obama visit....hopefully.

today just in utube CrossTalk: Obama's Israel (ft. Norman Finkelstein)

when will israel abide to the hundreds of UN resolutions against it?

Palistkrap gangbangers...Wounded by a fictional character?  There is no such thing as palestine or a palestinian.

Then don't cry, or hide behind your women and children.

Chalk one up for the cockroaches

Jewish supremacy, as with supremacism in general, is rooted in ethnocentrism and a desire for hegemony and power, and has frequently resulted in violence against non-Jews. Different forms of Jewish supremacy have different conceptions of who is considered Jew, and not all Jewish supremacist organizations agree on who is their greatest enemy. Jewish supremacy distinguishes itself from other forms of supremacy, as Jewish supremacist groups can be found in all countries with a Jewish minority or majority population, whereas this cannot be said of other forms of supremacy: for example not all, countries with a black minority also have black supremacist groups. Unfortunately, in most countries even militant Jewish supremacist organizations are not watched closely by law enforcement officials, but instead often subsidized by the governments under influence of the zionist lobby.

" toddler was critically wounded when Palestinians threw rocks at a car".and the un says rock throwing isn't reason enough to shoot them......I still say beat them at their own game, re-arm cluster bombs with 2" inch diameter rocks and pummel their #$%$.....

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

Please research the true concept of JIHAD... Zionists cash on your ignorance...

Sounds like he was a Chosen One.......Chosen for a Bullet in his Leg.

How'd they know it was Palestinian?  Wearing a keffyah? Maybe some guys were pushing it?

Neighborhoods, schools, universities, mosques, hospitals, UN facilities, fishing boats, civilian factories and workshops, municipal buildings, charitable foundations, civilian infrastructure, and other noncombatant sites are all favorite targets of the Israel IDF to enforce a collective punishment amongst the Civilians I am not surprised to see some retaliatons.Say what you wantKhill05, the Jews are the chosen lineage, the arabs are the rejected lineage.

IIDF, JIDF and more is compromised of wives of zioNAZIM.  This hahhhahhhahhhahhhs been confirmed...

zioNAZIM, eurotrash, unwanted of Khazaria, go bahhhahhhahhhahhhahhhck to your home country, you are being told to leave.

T@LMUDIC Noahide Laws Congress Passed In 1991 in honor of the Racist Anti-Gentile New testament burning Bolshevik Supremacist RabbiSearch- Congress passed T@LMUDIC Noahide laws 1991For anyone who is not aware of these anti-Christian and anti-America laws on our books to honor a Racist Supremacist Rabbi.Menachem Schneerson got standing ovations from the US Congress"The wives and daughters of Gentiles are [prostitutes]."- Menachem Schneerson, the Lubavitch RebbeSearch-Menachem Schneerson Lubavitch Rabbi Racist Supremacist Qoutes.Look at a bunch of sources not just wiki

Just false flag

Shooting kids stop 8 billion a year nuclear factory military aid now

THE SAME SAY THE ARABS The ones whom came were the NATZIS in this day and age the ones that have arrived are the ZION NAZI ISRAELI GOVERNMENT A REAL CRIME MACHINE AND THE JEWS SAID NEVER AGAIN WELL THERE YOU GO SIR AN OTHER HITLERISM CALLED ZION NATZIS

May someone please explain how Arabzz are Soo damn ugly please?   O.M G !! LOL   (ALL OF THEM ARE!!)

How is is possible for all ARrabzz to be so damn UGLY??...may someone please answer this very serious question?.. much appreciated

Looks like the Pali's got the israeli play book...  This is so ugly, occupation leaves them no choice.Refresh my memory? Palestinians were out in the street celebrating when muslims killed 3,000 helpless innocent US citizens trapped in skyscrapers and 3 airplanes.in NYC. Are we supposed to feel sorry for them? Be best friends? they are monsters along with the rest of those who  are happy to see innocent victims killed just because they  are not muslim..If the Arab world is so sympathetic with the Palestinians who occupy Israeli land why don't they or did they not in thepast give them refuge or money or hope?  End of story.

Anyone else notice how #$&amp;@ ''ING UGLY all Arabs are??   .LOLL  as if its not obvious its just so incredible.   99.999999 percent are ugly as hell

Ah, more of the peace loving Palis.  Now the lovers of the peace loving Palis will crawl out from under their rocks to accuse, once again, Israel of being the aggressor.

@Samantha, palis are under restrictions because of their terrorism.Remember wave of suicide bombings of 2001 to 2003? Dolphi DIsco?Guess what, things like that come with consequences?So do palis anti-Jewish posts and their failure to distance themselves from Jew-haters and likes of Helen Thomas.

T@LMUDIC Noahide Laws Congress Passed In 1991 in honor of the Racist Anti-Gentile New testament burning Bolshevik Supremacist RabbiSearch- Congress passed T@LMUDIC Noahide laws 1991For anyone who is not aware of these anti-Christian and anti-America laws on our books to honor a Racist Supremacist Rabbi.Menachem Schneerson got standing ovations from the US Congress"The wives and daughters of Gentiles are [prostitutes]."- Menachem Schneerson, the Lubavitch RebbeSearch-Menachem Schneerson Lubavitch Rabbi Racist Supremacist Qoutes.Look at a bunch of sources not just wiki

I see many Jewish girls I like to bahhahhhahhhhh but many others that are just a little odd looking...

utube Israel - Occult Zionism - Hell on Earth - Documentary - WW3 - NWO

Bahhhhahhahhahhhhhhh, gotta work now, gotta many that paper!

Why are Muslim Mullahs allowed to practice pedophilia?

I laid Golda Maier, in an egg..Sweep &amp; clear the West Bank once and for all !

Good job, Palestinians!

When Gold hatched, she was an "ugly duckling" bahhhahhhahhhahhh!

I watched an amazing report this morning... Local currency of bartering to replace the USEROUS Jewish Banksters paper money.  If I own a wheat mill, I give you wheat, you give me bread, guns, water, animals, women, J/K, ....  End the FED!

fake, brand Mossad, 3 days before Obama's arrival

Arabzz may be great liars , However their still UGLY aS Hell if not worse    both male and females    lol

While the bill seeking to legalize necrophilia between a living spouse and a dead one for up to six hours after the death, did not pass, it certainly is disturbing to know that there are people in Egypt's parliament who would introduce it in the first place.

Anyone please tell me  WhY Arabzziz  are such ugly people???

To begin with: What are the Jews doing in the Palestinians west bank?

Neighborhoods, schools, universities, mosques, hospitals, UN facilities, fishing boats, civilian factories and workshops, municipal buildings, charitable foundations, civilian infrastructure, and other noncombatant sites are all favorite targets of the Israel IDF to enforce a collective punishment amongst the Civilians I am not surprised to see some retaliatons.Ted Shoebat, son of a former Muslim terrorist who was once a Muslim Brotherhood activist and PLO member, says that sex between men and boys is far more common in the Muslim world than westerners think.

This is happening since moses , this is a fact that prophets fought. If arabs try to replace filistin for raping jews right. They better change their minds before it is very bad for them

Any answer would be very much appreciated. Thank You

waterboard them!

I mean there not just kinda UGLY they are ALLL UGLy creatures???....any answer would be appreciated

Im still waiting to figure out   WHY ARabzz are soo damn UGLY???   anyone?

How do they know it was Palestinians?

Israel has been spraying Palestinian homes with liquid excrement.  Not a word from the main stream media.  Free Palestine, Free America, Free Europe, Free us all !!!

keep it over there

May someone / anyone please explain to me how ARabzz can be so damn ugly??  ..im honestly curious . Appreciate all responsesWhy are so many Jews deformed?  I see them with crooked backs, uneven legs, bad noses, weird faces...   They look like the Skeksis from the Dark Crystal!  They see the beautiful Gelflings and just want to eat them!

"Palestinians" are such stupid filth...

They need rock control. Nothing but pebbles. All over 2 inches wide need to be banned.

We must quit playing with these Palestinian terrorist dogs, it is time to switch to live ammo, instead of the rubber bullets we fire. We should drive them into the sea and take Gaza as our own.

Maybe Obama will take all of their guns while he's there. That'll fix eveything. No wait...they will still have a good supply of rocks. Take those too.

The attack came two day before shots were fired and down the alley there were people and my balls are really big! My balls are really big! My balls are really big!

Better for US to leave them alone, fight to their death.

Last week, a Palestinian youth was killed after throwing rocks at soldiers while an Israeli toddler was critically wounded when Palestinians threw rocks at a car.Is the Palestinian EVEN?JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli police say Palestinian attackers have shot and wounded an Israeli man in a drive-by shooting at a West Bank bus stop.To cap the headline.  Made by jew wish deceivers.yahood: Every bent on deceit and new-fangled doctrine--Qur'an.

now that makes a pleasant change from, israeli shoots palestinian.

Another jew shooting a jew, "Obama Wolf's gonna get us,Help"When they killed Rachel with that bulldozzer in 2003 that really didn't get that much news.Don't forget she was an American protester and she was not a J,ew

expect more air raids.

Why is this news. People get shot everyday around the world. Why does yahoo feel the need to report it only if it's an israeli attacked. This is clear evidence that the media is controlled by zionist jews who want to push their agenda.

eye for an eye

In 2006, Nobel Laureate Bishop Desmond Tutu, one of the leaders of the South African anti-Apartheid movement, was prevented from entering Israel and the Gaza Strip to investigate another potential massacre of innocent Palestinian civilians. And it took him two years to finally get in. Tutu has been quoted many times in regards to the similarities between the former Apartheid system in South Africa and the current treatment of occupied Palestinians. Why was this globally respected international hero turned away from Israel? Was he a potential terrorist?

"The West Bank, captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war and claimed by the Palestinians"yahoo reporting correctly for the first time in history. congrats yahoo keep it up

Stop Burning Bibles and Mocking Jesus you crazy Jew supremacist

Israel has long violated national boundaries through military offensives, targeted assassinations, and kidnappings of those it wants to silence including children (such as nuclear whistle blower Mordechai Vanunu). But never has Israel’s violation of international law been as flagrant and widely publicized as the last few years. If Israel admits to its land piracy and oppression as accused for decades the Jewish state along with severe abuses to Children it may have to surrender its special exemption from international law as the U.S. will no longer be able to Veto any efforts in the U.N. to stop the aggressions.

Oh my they only killed one J,ew, what the hell have to tell the bakery to wipe up another bagel.

It is not only corruption of our politics by Jew supremacist groups like AIPAC Americans must worry about many others Like the SPLC, AJC, Jewish Federation, ACLU and the ADL.Search-- ADL CorruptionSearch-Jewish Mafia corrupting AmericaTerrorist Jews by ChurchillThere is no need to exaggerate the part played in the creation of Bolshevism and the actual bringing about of the Russian Revolution by these international and for the most part atheistical Jews. It is certainly a very great one; it probably outweighs all others. With the notable exception of Lenin, the majority of the leading figures are Jews. Moreover, the principal inspiration and driving power comes from the Jewish leaders. Thus Tchitcherin, a pure Russian, is eclipsed by his nominal subordinate Litvinoff, and the influence of Russians like Bukharin or Lunacharski cannot be compared with the power of Trotsky, or of Zinovieff, the Dictator of the Red Citadel (Petrograd), or of Krassin or Radek -- all Jews. In the Soviet institutions the predominance of Jews is even more astonishing. And the prominent, if not indeed the principal, part in the system of terrorism applied by the Extraordinary Commissions for Combating Counter-Revolution has been taken by Jews, and in some notable cases by Jewesses.The same evil prominence was obtained by Jews in the brief period of terror during which Bela Kun ruled in Hungary. The same phenomenon has been presented in Germany (especially in Bavaria), so far as this madness has been allowed to prey upon the temporary prostration of the German people. Although in all these countries there are many non-Jews every whit as bad as the worst of the Jewish revolutionaries, the part played by the latter in proportion to their numbers in the population is astonishing.