He has his $50 million in Swiss bank accounts and has decided to it is time to start spending it.

No he wants to get out before they lose and he ends up on trial and beheaded. But I'm sure the money he has stashed doesn't hurt either.

Leave them be - they'll sort it - their business!

Rats leaving a sinking ship. With what cash they have already gathered up.

Not the U.S.A.'s problem. Al Qaeda and other muslim extremist have already been found supporting the rebels. Syrian soldiers and those loyal to Assad have been taken prisoner by the rebel forces and executed post haste. If you're going to report something, report it all. We don't need to help expand islamic militancy in the middle east.

Having a fear based regime like N. Korea, the old Soviet Union and Syria is actually very powerful. However, once it begins to crack it is like a dam breaking. Soon the whole thing falls apart once the fear is diminished. The top people have a lot to fear as many will want to take revenge. However, the lower level soldiers, especially those not involved in atrocities do not. They may become heroes if they defect. I believe Assad will eventually fall. However, what follows will be a toss up. Look at the other Arab countries. My instincts tell me that their Islamic culture of domination and subjugation cannot really support a functional democracy of any sort. Having said that, I wish all people who have a chance at liberty well.

Supporting and helping jihadist terrorists will be a political suicide. Jihadist terrorists do not want democracy or elections. They want Syria to be an Islamic state like Saudi Arabia ruled by Islamic state Shariah law that will get rid of all minorities and non-Mohammedans. What is happening in Iraq Afghanistan and Libya should be learnt

General told the reporters -- after the television announcement -- "he was on the fence about what to do -- up to the time the American CIA agent offered him two million dollars -- at that point he said -- "my mind seemed to clear up" -- I think I made the right choice!!!

New Syrian government will be another dangerous Islamic fanatic state that will go begging to Russia's Putin for nuclear weapons to destroy Israel and American bases in Middle East.

Syria will never have freedom until they get rid of islam.

The US should stay out of it.The defections of high ranked generals are cowardly acts to get away with millions of dollars and leave the country not to join the opposition, Assad will not go down because of these tratters, we have to change our position by cutting off support to rebels/ terrorists and find ways to weaken them instead of making them stronger and deadlier to attack our locations as they normally do and have done, we have to be very careful, they're doing exactly what they have done in Afghanistan by dividing their controlled areas into small sections being led by their own appointed chiefs, if Assad falls, Syria will become 10 times as dangerous as Afghanistan and near impossible to take them down without killing most Syrians used as their human shields.

Syria is caught in a hellish kind of proxy war.  Foreign elements like Russia and Iran support various factions in country who would wouldn't be able to fight if they didn't have foreign support.  The foreigner elements don't have much skin in the game so they go on with their support.  Syria is going to spend a long time in hell.  Pray for the people.

Morale is low among those fighting for Assad?  Really?  Even to the general ranks apparently!

Syria is going to be a bigger mess than Libya and Egypt put together when Assad is ousted.

Who is supporting these rebels?

The end of Assads regime is imminent. Problem is, who will replace him? Next, new Iranian revolution.

One of the Yahoo photos shows a rebel using a Remington hunting shotgun, where did he get that?

Nice picture. I didn't know St. Patrick's Day was that big over therebut what a parade.

Who will pay to put Syria back together again?

As long as there is money to be paid there will always be defections. Changing anything significant on the ground is another matter. Every one should know by now that Assad is mainly supported by an ideological elite from all sects who will never allow a fanatic takeover.He bets his life on it.

You might feel bad because the whole world is against you---but if you give up you will not feel  anything because you will be dead

Sunni general, for sure. How much Qatar had paid to him? And USA, UK and France?

Assad, give up power.Respect your people who want a new leader or you will have same fate with Sadam and Khadhaffy.

Blow back... that's what we're gonna get after funding all these jihadists. It happened to us in Afghanistan, and it will happen in all these "Arab spring" countries too.

Assad's military is outnumbered by 12 times the number of the rebels, there are 110.000 regime fighters left against one and quarter million rebels fighters including 450.000 Al-Qaeda and its affiliates who are causing the most damage in civilian and regime casualties, Saudi, Qatar, Europe and US keep supporting and supplying the rebels/terrorists with all weapons they need and more money than ever, besides Saudi and Qatar RECRUITING, SUPPLYING AND PAYING FOR TERRORISTS FROM ALL OVER THE GLOBE, OUR TROOPS ARE TRAINING SYRIANS IN NORTHERN JORDAN HOW TO FIGHT THE REGIME THEN SEND THEM TO SYRIA.

Iranian Generals... Take notice, take all you can now and defect... Before your Govt. has nothing left for you to defect with

So he defected since he said the moral inside the regime is low.  Wise General.  You just jump ship on time hoping you will be employed on the new regime.No spine!

We won't see reality through our own media, or though their media,  so where do non-morons go to find out what's really going on?   General Wesley Clark said in 2007, that Syria was on a list of countries they had planned to take down,  along with Iraq, Libya and some others including Iran.

and once the rebels get control they will start plotting to kill the westerners a.k.a americans!!!! let these dirt bags kill them selfs!! its the best thing sense sliced bread!!!!!!Before we start all this talk in regards to replacing Assad...........let's replace obama first.

How much did we spend on his defection?

as long as the islamist dont take over

One extreme Muslim fighting another extreme Muslim.  We need to just stay out of it.

He is a stinking rat, all this years with the government and now defects.  He wants to be in line, and be part of the new government, how convinience.  Hope they take care him in Jordan.

Long live Assad. Continue the good fight to rid of your country of those rebel terrorists!!!

I hope this damned conflict will be solved so the Syrian people can return to their country. After that, I would love to visit Syria and visit those famous historical and touristic sites.

If only Assad would defect

Smart to get his family out, if he hadn't they were dead.

Now he defects, at the 11th hour, when the writing for the regime is on the wall?   Uh uh, try him as  a human rights criminal.  Let #$%$'ad see what is in store for him as well.The West is on the event horizon.  If they don't arm the rebels, the Islamics will and then Syria will join the ranks of the rest of the Islamic led Arab Spring countries.

wouldnt it be nice if the entire middle east ceased to exist?

Are there any generals left in Assad army. May be only majors and captains .

Tyranny will soon only be seen in the dust bin of history where it belongs....people will not be denied freedom

Another low level traitor of his country! Not a big deal. Despite all the circus of propaganda, Syrian Armed Forces controll the country, in general. Syrian citizens are stil overwhelmingly behind their government. If Assad does not have backing of majority of Syrians, how would he last so long and still be strong? He is fighting for all of us, around the world, for world free of jihadis and Islamic radicals and terrorists! Long live free and secular Syria!

I all ways knew those Generals were defective.

not going to end well for assad

I don't know all of the players in this conflict.  However, I have to wonder what this place is going to be like AFTER the rebels win.  Will there be too many cooks in the kitchen, that will stymie a stable government.  Are we dealing with a soon to be government made up of several terrorist groups and different orders of the muslim religion.  The conflict in Egypt isn't working out so well.  Seems that anything the muslims are involved, simply doesn't work.

You would think that Assad being the head of a country for as many years as he has could see the only outcome. If he continues he is going to be killed either by hanging or by the rebels or his own soldiers. His only long term option is to leave the country to the rebels and escape to some country that will grant him a safe place to live.

and BOBo keeps fantazing to the American people about the glorious "Arab Spring"", as an excuse to arm every murderous muslime regime and Terror organization he can find!!!...that they are all really pursuing democracy???they ALL hate/despise democracy, Muslime Sharia law is the Polar opposite of Democracy, there are 57 muslime states and not one democracy, not one Arab /muslime democratic leader, and NO Democratic movements!!!...but BOBO is arming them to the teeth!"Arab Spring", My #$%$They will need a high ranking defector for the new dictatorship when Assad vanishes.

Replacing Assad will be like being annoyed because you don't have cancer.

the general obviously wants to own a 7-11 in ohio!!!

If rebels indeed have overwhelming support, why they reject elections? Of course, foreign jihadis can't vote, but every citizen count as much as general or fighter pilot on polling boot. Not so on battlefield.

Assad and his cohorts are living on borrowed time. Unfortunately, the chief culprit is not of the integrity and smarts to face that—until the appointed time it stops him. The longer this conflict drags on, the darker the future looms for him and his blind followers.

The kid in this picture is in Jordan, holding up a Syrian flag and the writing is in English. I wish we could figure out how this works so we can get our immigrants to use English.

The Convention on Cluster Munitions (CCM) was adopted on 30 May 2008 in Dublin, Ireland and signed on 3-4 December 2008 in Oslo, Norway, the CCM entered into force on 01 August 2010. Currently the Convention has 111 signatories, out of which 79 are also State parties. Syria, Russia, Iran, China and the U.S. are not currently signatories.

He's been offered an attractive position in the puppet government if and when Assad is deposed by the PNAC marauders.

Is he still a Muslim?

these animals would not know what to do with freedom, oh yeh that is correct just become another terrorist harboring country.He and Obama are close friends.

Looking at the picture of a boy with flag painting on his face, holding a banner over his head reminds me that muslims often use chikldren as suicide bombers, for propaganda purposes and as sex slaves. Mohamed himself married Aisha when she was barely six years old, and shamelessly consumated the marriae three years later.This fight in Syria is just another fight between sunnis and shiites which started the day mohamed went belly up. It is not about freedom because if Assad loses the fight, the rebels will impose islamic jihad on the people just like they did in Egypt and other countries.Let them fight. Muslims killing muslims is a blessing for the world.

LOL----- When is Syria going to attack Lebagone, so that Hezbollah can demonstrate how it "protects" the Lebanese citizens?

These animals were hostile to America before this revolution, and they will be afterwards. I will never advocate supporting them, because we saw what happened to our ambassador in Libya after Obama got in bed with their rebels. Don't ever trust a Muslim. Ever.

Nearer the noose for Assad!

'High-ranking Syrian general defects from army'Stories are not to be believed.

From bad to worst now this only goes to show the real story.

It's not rocket science to see that the Assad regime will soon fall. The $64,000 question is WHAT will take its place ????

Cluster bombs? They are purchased from Israel Im sure. Israel had used them during the Lebanese bombings several times. Why no one complained then?

Assad's days in power as a dictator/fear mongrel are NUMBERED.  However, the U.S should stay out of this &amp; let the Syrian people handle it.  We have more than enough issues/problems on our plate at the moment, such as solving the economic mess we're in, JOBS for the LEGAL AMERICAN CITIZENS, RESTORING THE DEFERRED EDUCATION PROGRAM FOR OUR SERVICEMEN/SERVICEWOMEN, etc.And the rat exodus begins.Neither the Syrians nor the Rebels are any better than the other.Both are terrorists in their own right.I say let 'em kill each other off and we can be done with the whole bunch.

This is a cia tactic folks. This high ranking syrian was bribed or blackmailed.

Rebels = Al-Qaeda Terrorists + Foreign Mercenary ThugsArmed &amp; supported by Saudi, Qatar, Jordan, Turkey &amp; NATO to break the Syria-Iran-Hezbollah resistance front.

Getting closer to have another Islamic state on our map!SAD,REALLY SAD!

The ship is sinking and the  first ones to jump ship  are usually  the  rats..........

This is cowardize...."Maj. Gen. Mohammed Ezz al-Din Khalouf defects with son!"So, the grandkids and wives mean nothing! What cowards!

Nothing to worry CZAR Putin still owns ASSAD Oil and GAS Lines . CZAR Putin will support Assad with jet fuel serbian Lap dog troops to back up Assad forces.

pathetic see what they do to each other. what chance would the Israelis have if syria or hezbollah or eygpt, or Iran, or saudi arabia, or somalia ,or sudan, or iraq, got ahold the jews it would be so cruel unimaginable horror think about it the muslims are a sick bunch of perverts. and fanatics  I say its not just an Israeli problem but a world problem that needs to be put into perspective the muslims want to end western civilization. end theres first if it isnt allready to late.

Let me know when all Muslims have killed themselves! Other then that I really don't care unless they mess with us!

{"The video said he was Chief of Staff for the army branch that deals with supplies and fuel."}We call that "logistics."Obama probably paid this guy millions to defect.

just let em kill each other

This same general was probably responsible for killing thousands of Syrians and now he expects people to give him safe haven because he turned tail and ran. Why didn't he leave months ago if he was so noble?

First of all after 70,000 people ( men , women , pregnant women , babies &amp; children ) murdered ; I must say the General's defection this late in the war shows ASSAD IS ON HIS LAST POLITICAL AND MILITARY LEGS WHICH ARE BROKEN SO THIS GENERAL KNOWS HE IS BURNT TOAST WHEN THE WAR CRIMES CHARGES SURFACE SO DEFECT &amp; LET THE REBELS KNOW WHERE THEIR WEAK SPOTS ARE &amp; JUST MAYBE THEY WILL NOT HURT HIM AS BAD &amp; just maybe he will tell them where about 5 of Assad's hideouts are so they can hijack some tanks &amp; 1 bomber &amp;    {:-)      !

Churchill once said, "The Arabs never miss a chance to fuddel things up."

France and UK are the best cover up of the White House attacks against Syrians that started since March 2011. The French and English governments have both confessed that the foreign jihadists of Al-Qaeda in Syria (presented on TV to the isolated people around the world as rebels) are as important to them as their National troops and their mercenaries in NATO (mostly Christians) and Israel (mostly Gewish). Weren’t the leaders in USA, France and UK converted to Islam, more specifically to the terrorist version of Islam created on 9/11 (year 2001)?!!! or What?!!!

Might be same General who ordered the killing of innocent civilians specially children, now defected for his personal security. Back to power if everything goes right as planned.Who ever wins the people  who once had the power will still CARRY OVER that power only with different group of people.....nothing has been resolved but changing of faces to leadbut same direction.

Assad's iron fist forces will hunt down every cowardly traitor in and out of Syria and crush them like eggshells.

This man is no hero but a butcher and coward. How many people died because of this man? When the going got tough he took the coward's way out via defection.

kill each other u mooslemswhen assad does fall, the real killing will begin, then let the activists take some resposibility? not a chance in hell, its islam.

the general is welcome to the rebel fold.....+2348057323826

Okay, let's just forget that you have arrived so very late to the party and celebrate the fact that you showed up at all. Now, would you like to bring your friends?

The photo that comes with the article is utterly pathetic. A child waving a flag of freedom. What freedom? The same freedom that Egypt, the rest of those "Arab Spring" revolutions, Iraq, and Afghanistan have under Islamist rule?

The Syrian government's bombing campaigns have to be some of the most indiscriminate/innaccurate bombing campaigns in the recent history of warfare. Kill two Free Syria Army soldiers....and 40-100 men, women and children civilians...while you level 500 year old Syrian neighborhoods and various infrastructure. This alone shows Assad's lack of qualification to be the head of the Syrian state...severe lack of compassion/ethics in warfare. We/the U.S.....may be guilty of this to a degree with our drone strike campaigns in Pakistan etc...but there is a serious effort/serious intelligence to avoid civilian deaths by the U.S. military.

The reason we know that cluster bombs are bad is because the US has used them ....Go figure.

I guess, Assad will also defect to the rebels to save his #$%$

High ranking general. Redundant.

Yeah and he probably didn't want to get charged for human-rights abuses when the post-Assad government takes office either.  There's your real incentive for defecting.

Before we start all this talk in regards to replacing Assad...........let's replace obama first..His morale obviously collapsed, but how can he speak for the rest of them!Propaganda, no more, no less!

If the American people realized that the people that took the towers down are claiming Syria as their own and are now fully in charge of the so called FSA, maybe they would be cheering for Assad. We now have terrorists in charge in Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya and soon Syria. And with the media lying and on the side of the terrorists this train ain't stooping in Syria. Iran will not be safe when the terrorists run Syria. They will get Afghanistan and Iraq back soon enough to. I see a pattern, anybody else ?

Now with the General gone it appears only 2 colonels &amp; a Sgt Schultz are left in the Syrian army

I wonder how much the Saudis paid him to desert.  They have certainly managed to buy off the western politicians.

Now you know when a general defects, that is BAD.

At the end of the day, given the track record of the Muslim Brotherhood Spring, it would probably be best for Assad to remain in control of Syria.

Quitter!!

the photo is taken from demonstration of people against Al Qaeda Rebels, the rebels Flag is Black ( same Flag as Al Qaeda Rebels ) but the flags on the pic is for legal regime of Syria ...

whoever wins, Israel will still be able to kick their butts........

Put a bounty on assad&gt;someone loyal will kill the #$%$Yep!  Every so often a wood tick comes flying out of the fire.

It is called seeing the hand writing on the wall.  He got to be a general by stepping on his own people to score points with Assard.  He punked out because he is only cowardly punk in a fancy uniform.  When the war is won give him the chop but please do not listen to our State Department or he will end up as President of the country and a big time drug lord.

If and when the US decides to get on board and end this it's game over for Assad. The EU has already said it is on board, but the holdout is the U.S. Russia be damned, and they will support Assad until every last man, woman and child is dead if need be. But, just as there was a coalition of the willing in Iraq, and they were just as entirely ungrateful as what Syrians will likely be for any assistance after it is all over, it is something that needs to be done anyway upon humanitarian grounds before Assad really does slaughter the last man, woman and child alive in Syria.

This is an ideological war between Shias and Sunnis factions of Islam. Who ever thinks the Syrian civil war is going to end soon is mistaken.

So it took the General and his son six months the clear their families and money out of Syria. Gosh! A success story amongst all this mess!!

cluster bombs on his own people is bad

Murder, sabotage, bribery, contract killings — and that’s just the behavior of Western political leaders and their Arab allies. Forget the fancy titles, manners and clothes — ongoing violence in Syria shows that the foreign policy of these powers is being conducted by terrorists and thugs in high offices. Which let’s one glimpse what level of barbarity is being perpetrated by the Western terror army, running amok in the streets and villages of SyriaThe latest display of criminality in high office is the call by French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius for the “smashing” of Syria and the killing of its president, Bashar al-Assad. The words may have been spoken with an eloquent French accent, but their practical meaning has all the savagery of cold-blooded bludgeoning.What we are seeing is a descent into barbarism and an open embrace of international lawlessness — by the same governments that appoint themselves to lecture the rest of the world on the principles of democracy and human rights.

I hope and pray that when Americans revolt against Obama and his Liberal/Socialist/Communist agenda that most of our patriotic military will join us. I think that most of our military leaders already want to puke every time they have to salute this anti American traitor. Obama cannot be allowed to RULE America for another 4 years.

Never heard of that guy, what made high ranking

This defector is too late, he should have defected months ago.  He is just hoping he will have a better chance to survive on the greener side of the fence.  He should be executed ASAP.defect?? after 2 years, he should be put on trial!

they should ban women from being born so they would be able to live in a perfect world (sarcasm).....Maybe they are afraid of the positive changes that would take effect if they allow women to make positive changes in their life....

The "high ranking " defector is the next CIA puppet . After butchering his own people , he will be the next leader of Syria - and the CIA will help him .

Whats he telling everybody? Im just not having fun anymore.

How long until the house comes down?THUMBS UP - UNDER 2 monthsTHUMBS DOWN - OVER 2 months

Rats WILL leave a sinking ship.

oh well ASSAD likes to stay in power until he is dead , sad part is more people will die until then

I guess it's alright for US to give arms to the rebels but not to its citizens.  Go figure.

Another Syrian general defecates? He must have turned S-h-i-i-t-e.

Good, i think more and more military will start to switch to Rebels side. My biggest hope that after they take down Assad - there won't be more fighting among rebels themself trying to claim the government position.What I find weird is Jordan is Syria's largest supporter. Its like when Iraq's jet pilots defected to Iran only to be executed once they landed. I guess the general would rather to be put to death by Jordan than work for his own President.

Islam is terrible. They kill and rape and teach children to put a bomb around their neck and blow up each other

The U.S. basically are helping  the Al Qaida getting rid of Assad.

There are no innocents in this. The Syrian Army is as brutal as the Rebels, and just as legitimate.This is one more brick taken from a weak and shaky wall.

It will only end when the are all dead. So lets stay out of it. It is not our business.

Assad's long neck looks so perfectly needing of a necktie.

The killing in this civil war will likely surpass 100,000 persons killed before it is over. It is good to see that there is an upper level defection from the Syrian army and that moral is low. How do you think you would feel if you were fighting a war where you were destroying cities and killing your own countrymen and perhaps your own neighbors on a daily basis? Maybe this will help usher in the end of this war.

These cluster bombs are not as evil as the bombing of Dresden in feb 1945.  That bombing was for revenge only.

Assad use napalm, chemicals...Stay alive!

The governments of the Facist States of Europe, i mean EU oops, are the only people who want to kill Assad. The average european (and american) that is being forced to pay to kill him dosent want any harm to come to him..."Khalouf's son made contact with rebels about six months ago and leaked them information" . Wonder how many more are passing on information ? Rebels seem to know the movements of ASSad's army better than ASSad.

this war could bring much bigger war among muslims

"I'm not playing with you guys anymore.............your losing"

Saudi Arabia must be offering these guys a ton!

Who Cares!!!!!!!!!!! As long as they dont come here!!!

Hi,Ben, what is the total number of the" high ranking " Syrian generals that have defected to the rebels since March 15,2011 ? They must make an army by themselves by now.

The "army branch that deals with supplies" is Intendancy, well-known in all world armies as "the rats". Hi-ranking? Barely.

Noooo, you guys are doing a wonderful job killing mooslims, don't quit now

What did that bribery cost american tax payers ?   this is all corrupt agenda to overthrow all leaders of the middle east except saudi.  NWO Agenda   Could somebody pay Kuta kinta enough to go bk to kenya

Iran backed assad and the al queda backed rebels are two side of a coin to christians and jews.A good Arab is a dead Arab.

As Assad loses his grip, he and his cronies will flee to Lebanon and wreck that country too.

Big deal the biggest rats always leave the sinking ship when it's going down for the count.

YouTube "Every American has to see this! This is what your Government supports in Syria!"Can somebody explain?

Assad, maybe it's time to pack your bags, and run for the hills.Also, don't forget to take your Ho wife, with you:O(

A little late. Somehow I think this general is still guilty of war crimes regardless of suddenly leaving the regime.

muslim birth control !

A major general isn't really a 'high ranking' general. It's more of a mid-tier general above Brig General but below Lt General, General, etc

Islamic goverments killing there own people.

Ha, we've heard all that before, good luck to the Syrians, one lesser evil might fall, but a bigger one will replace him, just watchSo the rebels smuggle him, who they know to be part of the army that has been trying to exterminate them, out without exacting any revenge, yet they hold the journalist women hostage under suspicion of being a spy.

He is a COWARD!

Please Mr. General......defect back to Assad.....we need you to help him kill more Muslim terrorists......pretty please.....

The religion of peace, right?Send more supplies to both sides, then send in blankets and used syringes from the AIDS ward.Sorry but thats how I feel.REMEMBER 9/11.

WilliamC, I'll bet that you are missing three more zeros. Might be $50B, as millions are like chump change to world despots.

Just another criminal trying to save his own butt. He still needs to be prosecuted for war crimes.

I don't know what it takes for the braindead sheep to understand that the "rebels" are Al Queda when every single one of them you see is waving the black flag of Al Queda.

It'd be funny if he ends up with a sniper bullet in his head by the end of next week.

When officers and soldiers defect together, it kind of spells the end. It won't be long before he loads up suitcases of cash and flees the country.

Won't be long before a hired hit man gets to the General for pay backThis is even more sounding more like Egypt.

US is supplying arms to the rebels. They wont say it on the record, however. This is absolute B*U*L*L*S*H*I*T

If you cant beat them. Buy them. US tax dollars at work.

Human Rights Watch said Syria's government is killing an increasing number of civilians with cluster bombs. The report said two strikes in the past two weeks killed 11 civilians, including two women and five children. Like all Middle Eastern countries except Lebanon, Syria is not party to the Convention on Cluster Munitions, an international treaty that prohibits the use, production, transfer and stockpiling of cluster bombs. On the other hand, On Saturday, rebels targeted the tallest building in the eastern city of Deir al-Zour with a two-ton car bomb, setting off clashes with regime troops, state TV and activists said. But it's ok to use a car bomb. "Like all Middle Eastern Terrorist Groups, the Free Syrian Army is not party to the Convention on Terrorist Activities Including Car Bombs Prohibited by the U.N" LOL!!!! Human Rights Watch did not say this..... I DID!

A little late now buddy, now that Assad is about to be removed. Just plan on a war crimes trial.

At this rate another 50-60 years the rebels will have "won"!

ASSAD must be hung

I think now it's just a matter of time. I saw an interview with assad a week ago and usually he seems very assured, very calm, these are terrorists, simple, we will defeat them. but in this interview his demeanor had changed. he seemed nervous, a bit unsure. still saying the same things, but his demeanor had changed. I think he is now worried, at least. the only question is will he go peacefully? or will he do a sadam and try to run and hide? my guess is unlike sadam and ghadafi, he will go into exile with his pretty wife. I don't buy it either that radicals will necessarily take over. the world is watching and it will not let radicals take over.

Another propaganda article aimed at gathering support for terrorist organizations. There is no doubt that the foreign backed conspiracy to destabilize the country has had a negative impact on the people of Syria. The most logical way to stop this tragedy is for the countries of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey to stop funding, arming and providing safe passage to terrorist organizations.

Islamic law decrees that "women are their husbands' fields to be plowed as wanted." and "women must do their husband's bidding or suffer the consequences."  Women's rights are not equal to men in the entire middle east except for Israel.What the devil really wants? It wants the fighting to drag on.Why? I needs a lab to carry out its inventions.When it stops? Until it finds another theater.

He wants to come to AMERICA, I saw the defections when I was in the Military, they get citizenship.

Don't know if Vegas has an over/under on how long Assad stays in power but it would probably be something like 3 months.

US used cluster bombs in Vietnam, Israel uses them in Lebanon, who cares how you get killed. Dead is dead and Assad is the killer of his people.

Never heard of this old fart.

Assad is evil,and so is Al-Qaida! At least iran won't have a puppet Syria!

Death to russia,and iran!  Ha ha ha!

The end of Assad the war criminal is near.  Soon he will either attack Israel, use his chemical weapons or both.  I am sure iran and Hizbollah are ready for any opportunity to attack Israel.

A disease hits many people at the Same time.If it infects only one at a time and moves on once the person is dead - it is NOT a disease - it is a deliberate act.Just like "Arab Spring" which acts on only ONE country at a time"Arab Spring" is not a spontaneous uprisingit is a deliberate act. - US military operation "Arab Spring'Conceived in Reagan era.Financed by Bush Sr.Implemented by Bush the shrub67 Countries to be destroyed.Finished off, ONE at a time, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Yemen, Libya......Failed in Egypt (maybe)MISSION ACCOMPLISHEDSyria NowLibya LastIran next.The Great Satan bringing Pain, Misery, Destruction, Death, Hate and EVIL to MILLIONS of innocent people for Generations to come.Western Media = an arm of the US and Western Military, brainwashing and shaping the minds of illiterate people - without Honesty, without Honor, without Ethics, without Justice, without shame and without Professionalism.

So, what happens to the plutonium reactor that Syria , in cahoots with North Korea, was found by satellite photos to have hidden in a wadi in the desert? I guess the rebels along with Hezbollah will take possession. Yea!! Free nukes for everybody!!!Coward!

I hope Assad's forces recapture him one day and "bring him to Syrian justice." Traitor!

Let them kill each other, God can sort them out later.

If Maj. Gen. Mohammed Ezz al-Din Khalouf would have pulled off a Julius Caesar, he would have been a world hero.

I hope someone asks what the status of supplies is today, and who sends what to Assad. He should know.

That man must be haunted by really bad memories.Peace and good will be with you.I personaly salute you sir.**==

Chicken hearted generals.

What was he waiting for all this time,only to resign now? How many thousands of innocent civilians has he killed,and how many million dollars has he stolen from fuel,since the war began?

I quit college my junior year and put my life of the line to fight and aggressor in Viet Nam. We destabilized the middle east when we went into Iraq to kill one man that had nothing to do with 911.  We use to send money to him to keep Iran from being a player.   We have unleashed what those that know knew would happen.   The whole middle east is a no win situation.   War in the middle east is a no win situation and we shouldn't be there.

Assad regime is in the worst shape since the beginning of fighting two years ago. Today Syrian rebels have taken control of areas close to Damascus, where intense fighting has effectively shut down the country's main international airport to anything but military flightsmore lies and more propaganda buy the terrorist /rebels and the terrorist in dc you already tried this trick two years ago mass desertions not not not God bless Assad use the gas on anyone who threatens your once peaceful country including the french and them fin turks

I heard they actually traded him to Libya for two draft choices and some chemical weapons.

Since the Chinese and Russian governments have all along been blocking the UN from stopping their friend Assad's military assault on civilians, it may be up to the Arab League and NATO to bypass the UN come together and find a way to degrade Assad's ability to use his air force to fire on civilian and rebel targets.

High-ranking Syrian general defects from army - Some people are slow to get the message.

The war in Syria is apparently between western countries+ some Arab countries ( such as Qatar &amp; Saudi Arabia ) against Syrian regime + Russia + Iran.But actually this war is orchestrated by Israel which is behind curtain.  This war is insane and is not going to end very soon.

Western Money already bought muslim brotherhood in Syria and this army general also got millions of $$$ share. saudi king invite him for dinner in honor to his defection.

Question everything the mainstream media tells you.Youtube search: CNN Fake Newscast Best Quality( This was a broadcast that was aired in America by a major American news outlet. The broadcast was said to be 'live from Saudi Arabia' when Sadaam Hussein was allegedly threatening to use scud missiless on Saudi Arabia. Notice the "blue screen" in the background. The entire news feed was done in a studio in Savannah, Georgia U.S.A..)

So, this is still going on, huh?

Saudi and Qatar $$$ along with threats are used to buy the weak.Nonetheless, Syria will NOT fall to terrorists.

like to know if palestinian people are for assad in syria or the rebelsSyria should have been nuked decades ago.

Iran and Hezbollah, backed by Russia are helping the Assad regime kill Syrian civilians.Its time for USA and NATO to counter the Russians and the Iranians by actively helping the rebels with all the weapons they need plus elite troops to kill Hezbollah and Iranian soldiers

Obama the coward, who supplies the Egyptian MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD with money, F-16s and tanks, will only send the Syrian opposition Band-Aids and C-rations.

Media should ask him how much the Emir Hamad of Qatar had paid him .  ?

"Khalouf was chief of staff of the army branch that deals with supplies and fuel.While rebels lauded his defection as a blow to the regime, it was unlikely to have a significant effect on Assad's ability to wage war"sick Arab/USA/Israel propaganda ... two years of the Arab/USA/Israel made war against Syria, and Syrian government is holding well (has 80% support of Libya people - check referendums) - Terrorism on Syria is a proxy war against Iran

America as usual is backing so called freedom fighters.these animals have tortured  innocent people by cutting off their hands then their feet then their throats. they kill a pregnant women cut out the baby and PLAY SOCCER USING THE LIVE BABY AS THE BALL. These #$%$ are a bunch of mercenaries from many other countries.These atrocities go un noticed by the USA and the  UN,but not from RT News journalists. The Red Cross has reported the torture,rape  and the killing of innocent kids and old people,but the USA turns a blind eye. The removal of Assad is all a plan to let Israel along with Germany ,USA UK to control Syria.

How much did we pay him?

The last non-European Pope was 1,000 years ago and he was a Syrian.  Syrians ruined it for the entire non-European world and Assad is no exception.

"high ranking general"  DUH!!!. way to go yahoo.  you are the cutting edge of news.

Maybe the new Pope can help fix things.And many of you think this won't happen in the USA. Obama is hoping for it.

A good muslim is a dead muslim.

Let the Syrians fight among themselves.  Let them deal with their owns problems.  No American blood, money, or anything to them.

Then don't send our troops over there!!!!!

Russia's only naval base on the Mediterranean is there.  Iran's leadership despises the Sunnis who make the majority of the rebels.  Not saying that's all right or wrong, just the way it is.   If Syria falls and Sunnis wanna have a go at Iraq, oil prices could go through the roof.  I think secretly the rich in the west want Assad to stay.   They got all that money caring about one thing.

Most homosexuals are not criminals.  Just very sick people.

cowards he should be hung for abanding his country

Another confused Muslim coward! Bawk bawk bawk bawgaaaaack!

You know he is in charge of the supplies and fuel-He brings the info about the supplies and fuel locations and where they come from. Next step will be to cut the supplies and fuel line off. With supplies and fuel- cut off the army can not and will not function at full capacity. No supplies no fight-ask Iraq dude's-They will cut off the supplies and fuel line and Ruskies will bring more in. Somebody will make big money as it draghs on.

This story is Zionist propaganda.  It is impossible for any high ranking Syrian general to defect, because ALL of the high ranking Syrian generals have already defect long ago.Islam will provide peace and prosperity to all that survive.At this point not many will.Even when the fighting is over a whole lot of killing is still gonna go on behind the scenes! Of course in the name of the balsamic islamic religion.. A lot of scores will be settled up!!

i like the beheading video's from there.

Funny but wouldn't the General have been better suited if he lead a attack with his men against the Government !!! Instead of a STAGED EVENT !!!

Another general defecating on the army. They really do get their examples from us.

The only people who are going to be sad when this conflict ends will be the American weapons manufacturers.

They should put all this on American TV.  That way we can sit in our recliners, drink beer, eat potatoe chips and enjoy every minute.  Arbas killing Arbas.  The show will be #1 in 2 days.!!

Our people are civilized. Right.

A second high-ranking general has defected along with his son.   It's also possible that a third high defection--someone close to Assad--has occurred.   Alawites along the coast are rumored to be seeking a deal with moderate rebels, a natural alliance and the optimal outcome for Alawites at this point.  It shorten the war, save Latakkia from looking like Berlin or Stalingrad as WW II ended and work against the interests of the only two parties who gain from prolonging this war--Bashir Assad and his inner circle and the jihadi extremistsThe latter  have threatened to go after rebel moderates and Alawites alike once Assad falls.  Extremist opposition to democracy runs contrary to goals of rebel moderates and many Alawites.

The regime's use of airpower is basically counterproductive while its so short on infantry it can't take offensives, regain what it has already lost or make an ounce of progress.In a study of how Raquaa fell and the aftermath, the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) explains why airpower is not winning the war for Assad: "This pattern of airstrikes demonstrates that the regime has primarily used airpower in retaliation for rebel victories rather than in defense of regime troops during the rebel offensive."The same applies e;lsewhere. Every such bombing undermines popular support, making it impossible for the regime to replace lost troops. With reliable troops down to 50,000 and dwindling via casualties and capture, the regime can no longer capture lost territory or hold what it still possesses nor can it protect tanks against better-armed rebels when it tries to launch offensives in urban areas where they are vulnerable.If the endless bombing at Iwo Jima failed to eliminate many rebel forces, so too in Syria today. Even with many shelled neighborhoods empty of civilians, shells and bombs kills civilians at a at least 4 or 5 civilians for every dead rebel. The only "effective" use--slowing down the fall of encircled regime stronghold--doesn't help much at night and the capacity to do so also dwindles with lost helicopters, planes, airbases and fuel.Meanwhile imagine to capture or hold even one-quarter of Syria when down to 50,000 troops with energy supplies increasingly lost and enemy forces outnumbering you 2 to 1, with training and equipment improving and easy replacement of combat losses by comparison.

Funny how the al Qaeda supported rebels fighting Russia's puppet dictator in Syria are the good guys but the al Qaeda supported rebels fighting the French supported puppet dictator in Mali or the American supported puppet dictator in Somalia are the bad guys.Politics is simply practical application of religion

Assad’s regime should of have collapsed by now. The only thing keeping them afloat are the tons of supplies and weapons they are receiving from Iran, Russia, and fighters from Hezbollah, Iraq and iran. Just give it up Assad, it’s a loosing war.

Assad has seen what happen to Kaddafi and Saddam. He realizes once he is out of power he and his cohorts are dead so I wouldn't be surprised if he used every banned and taboo weapon in his arsenal to stay in control. What does he have to lose.

I've just added more videos on ongoing events in Syria at Enduring America's Syria roundup.   Don't miss the earlier ones on three huge defections and their ;potential impact or the growing possibility of a rebel-Alawite deal to save Lattakia and the coast, stranding Assad in Damascus.   Assad dare not leave the city now without bringing the army with him and fighting his way through roadblocks.   And if he did, what message would that send to the Russians, his troops and the Syrian people?

Another dramatic video at today's Enduring America recalls French resistance activity in WW II but in this case captured live.  : In a nighttime attack, rebels ambush a car containing a Syrian officer and three aides.  No regime survivors.

This just puts Assad closer to using those chemical weapons. And if any get luanched towards Israel things will get dangerously interesting very fast.

So wait... he was on the winning team (Assad's side) but not that he's on the losing team, he gets to switch without any ramifications?  What's to stop horrible people form staying with Assad until 1 day before he falls and then switching sides?  There needs to be a day where the rebels say "leave Assad now or we won't spare your life when he loses".  And that day should have been 2 years ago.

ASSAD WILL NOT FALL! Do not trust our biased American media. 6 months ago, our media said that the rebels were winning the war and Damascus would soon fall, along with Assad. For a long time the media stopped talking about this war (hint: the rebels did not win the war) and now once again they expect us to believe that the rebels are on the verge of winning the war, as if the rebels were not actually losing, but just taking a break!The rebels are sheep to the slaughter. They hardly have enough guns and ammunition for their troops while the regime has tanks and planes! The rebels were literally winning the war for ONE week! Assad will win this war, that is, unless the U.S. intervenes.

General should not run, but turn his gun against Assad = case closed and tens of thousend lifes saved

This comment is not blocked by the administrator.We are Republicans , Independents &amp; Democrats &amp; we support the grievance posted below just before this one ! GO HUGE &amp; PASS THIS ON NONSTOP !

On Saturday, rebels targeted the tallest building in the eastern city of Deir al-Zour with a two-ton car bomb, setting off clashes with regime troops, state TV and activists said.State TV said rebels stormed the Insurance Building after the blast but failed to seize it from the government. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said four fighters were killed in subsequent clashes with regime troops.After rereading the article it is apparent that both sides are guity of indiscremanant killing.

Even Israel has now realized that the rebels are Al-Qaida. It is only the mass-media who still stubbornly cling to this strange story of "Tyrant Assad" and his "evil regime".Soon the mass-media will change it's tone; cause say what you will about Israel and the fascists there;  they know how to play the press for their own advantage.

another nation ovomit will use our military and our dime to install and support the mudslime brotherhood.... his plan is right on track.

Well...now we know the whole story...it's not like the mainstream media lies to us or anything...Youtube search:     CNN Fake Newscast Best Quality( This was a broadcast that was aired in America by a major American news outlet. The broadcast was said to be 'live from Saudi Arabia' when Sadaam Hussein was allegedly threatening to use scud missiless on Saudi Arabia. Notice the "blue screen" in the background. The entire news feed was done in a studio in Savannah, Georgia U.S.A..)

saving his #$%$ sounds like an american politician..!!!

"widely banned cluster munitions" banned by whom??? not the US or Russia, the two biggest arms exporters... not by Israel that decided to fire hundreds of thousands of the things into Lebanon just hours before the cease fire.

Congtars NATO! for creating one more traitor, that is the name of game, assad u looser.

If our government does not change this could be us

All because some ego-maniac in a monkey suit with a tie and haircut needs to live out daddy's vision of being a god.Our people are great, our people are civilized and they don't need gangs to rule them," said Mouaz al-Khatib in a video posted on his Facebook page. "They just need to breathe a little bit of the air of freedom and they'll create as they have created in all places." assad will be hanged in downtown damascus.

I love the syrian army ,it self cleanses every time,that general was probably useless and could have ended up spying for the enermy ,good riddance .Gift (sa)

In a study of how Raquaa fell and the aftermath, the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) explains why airpower is not winning the war for Assad:  "This pattern of airstrikes demonstrates that the regime has primarily used airpower in retaliation for rebel victories rather than in defense of regime troops during the rebel offensive."The same applies e;lsewhere.  Every such bombing undermines popular support, making it impossible for the regime to replace lost troops.   With reliable troops down  to 50,000 and dwindling via casualties and capture, the regime can no longer capture lost territory or hold what it still possesses nor can it protect tanks against better-armed rebels when it tries to launch offensives in urban areas where they are vulnerable.If the endless bombing at Iwo Jima failed to eliminate many rebel forces, so too in Syria today.  Even with many shelled neighborhoods empty of civilians, shells and bombs kills civilians at a at least 4 or 5 civilians for every dead rebel.    The only "effective" use--slowing down the fall of encircled regime stronghold--doesn't help much at night and the capacity to do so also dwindles with lost helicopters, planes, airbases and fuel.Meanwhile imagine to capture or hold even one-quarter of Syria when down to 50,000 troops with energy supplies increasingly lost and enemy forces outnumbering you 2 to 1, with training and equipment improving and easy replacement of combat losses by comparison.

Assad is down to about 50,000 reliable troops, mostly Alawites.    Many other troops are held in their barracks to prevent escape--new report by the Institute of Strategic Studies.   If the number of defecting soldiers has dropped recently, a primary reason is that many of those disenchanted with the regime have already said, "Bye-Bye."   Nevertheless, Reuthers is reporting this today:"In central Syria, around 20 soldiers fled their posts for embattled rebel territory near the ancient desert city of Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights."  Almost certainly the regime suffered a substantial number of deaths, injured and captured as usual each day, along with a few additional low-level defections.  The problem is that it is so deeply unpopular it can't find replacements.   Even in Alawite areas, people have begun dodging the service.

Oh well, if the regime falls, it's probably gonna turn into a militant hell-hole like Afghanistan and Iraq did.

Mr. Bashar Assad, LEAVE, LEAVE for the sacke of Allah and the people who die every Day. What type of the rule is this you kill your own people, destroy your own home, I think you are just mad.

Did anyone order a large glass bowl the size of Syria?

Guy behind the so called Arab Spring is George Soros. Real name is Soros GeorgeHis real Jew name is Gyorgy Schwartz

Hope the people find true democracy but that remains to be seen. Just look at what happened in Egypt and Libya. Probably another Muslim Brotherhood government on the horizon.

President Obama:  QUICK NOW!  Stuff some money into a suitcase to givethis defecting high ranking Syrian general, and give it to him when you arevisiting the Mid-East this week.  That will make them like us and we haveplenty of money...The General should be reminded that the penalty for desertion is death.

Elsewhere, it is reported that Qatar, the West’s Arab ally in the sabotage of Syria, has resorted to bribery to destabilize the government in Damascus. Apparently, the Al Thani royal rulers of the Persian Gulf emirate offered USD 1 million to the Syrian ambassador in Mauritania to defect, thereby attempting to tarnish Assad’s government. The Syrian Ambassador, targeted by the honey-trap, Hamad Albni, denounced the bribe as “blatant interference” in his country’s affairs.It was just the latest in a barrage of dirty tricks that Qatar and the royal rulers of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have engaged in against Syria, including bribing the nation’s Army ranks to dessert, fabricating news stories on Arab media channels, Al Jazeera and Al Arabiya, and jamming the satellite signals for the Syrian national broadcaster. The latter is a war crime, but don’t expect the Western crime bosses in office to bat an eyelid over that

russia/zionists israel /iran only backers of assad remaining...they should all be destroyed

Assad should leave now and seek assylum somewhere.or will he be happy to his country destroy beyond repair b4 he knows dt he's no longer wanted.oluyomi daves.

America gave them 200 billion to buy arms this month thanks to Obama the FailureNow American Marines had their College Funds Cut and can not go to school.Thanks to the Thief Obama ...Obama gets on his Knea like a shemale and sucks off SyrianFalure ObamaThief ObamaTraitor to the Millarty Obama

The fact that the rebels have not won yet tells me that a majority of Syrians support Assad against the rebels and I am hearing reports that most of the rebels are in fact mercenaries from outside of Syria, which tells me that someone outside of Syria wants Assad gone, very badly. If this is true, this is not a true civil war, but an invasion from hostile nations. Therefore let's look at the powers in the Middle East and let's see who would benefit the most from Assad's departure: Islamic Parties in general. You kinda figure that Israel wouldn't move against Assad: Better the devil you know than the devil you don't know. The US under Obama seems to have been a key player in the Arab Spring but that is already well-known and we won't go into details on that....Saudis? Maybe but unlikely. Iran? Now we are getting warmer. Is there a Syrian within the Assad Government who is orchestrating this whole thing in order to take power? Now that sounds most likely! Fact is, the Syrians are masters at the whole power-coup game and it wouldn't surprise me if someone who "has Assad's backside" is about to "stab Assad's backside". So when someone who was under Assad is sworn in as the new Syrian President, we'll all know what happened!If you have information that supports my hunch that "this is an inside job" plz leave a comment! :)

The end is near!

Saudia Arabia is giving US weapons to the rebels.  Saudia Arabia has to replace these weapons with newly bought US weapons.  More Americans are employeed by US weapons manufacturers.  Obama gets the credit by having the unemployment rate goes down.  Our exports go up.  Fine with this libreral democrat!!!

D. EisenhowerEvery gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. The cost of one modern heavy bomber is this: a modern brick school in more than 30 cities. It is two electric power plants, each serving a town of 60,000 population. It is two fine, fully equipped hospitals. It is some fifty miles of concrete pavement. We pay for a single fighter plane with a half million bushels of wheat. We pay for a single destroyer with new homes that could have housed more than 8,000 people. This is, I repeat, the best way of life to be found on the road the world has been taking. This is not a way of life at all, in any true sense. Under the cloud of threatening war, it is humanity hanging from a cross of iron. ... Is there no other way the world may live?"

new leaders any better than old?assad is in truble

america will burn under gods rulenot my rule or i wish it but it will happendnow thumps me down brainwashed sheeple you know who you are

Syrian general defects from army, but how many did he kill or cause to be killed before his defection?????

Headline should have read "Army General "Defects" after given large suitcase full of US dollars".

the rats have been leaving this ship for a long time, its too bad that iran has been propping up the butcher assad for as long as they have dragging out the death and torture.

"Abulzous" is Hezbollah agent and "Persian Gulf" is Iranian agent. Both are PAID to LIE !

One step closer to chemical weapons!

how do you know absolute B*U*L*L*S*H*I*T   ?????????

Assad saw what happened to Saddam and Qdaffy. He will fight to the bitter end!!

Once an American reporter asked Bashar Assad in an interview why he chose to become eye doctor. He said: It  is because in such a profession there is little blood. Can you imagine that a man who hates seeing blood has already slaughtered about eighty thousand men, women and children. How should such a character be described?This GENERAL is a Nobody ... Khalouf was chief of staff of the army branch that deals with supplies and fuel. He might as be in the Army's Band.The fact is ... killer Assad's regime has plenty of fighting in his Military. Sad but true.

4 tips from TRAINING MANUAL OF ONLINE SYRIAN PROPAGANDISTS: 1. Portray the rebels as "terrorists &amp; Al Queda even if most are not; 2. Pretend to be American and ask questions like "Why are 'we' helping them? 3. Never mention Assad's role in the death of 200 marines in Lebanon or how he aided Al Queda in killing US soldiers in Iraq; 4. Never remind readers of about how Assad originally slaughtered and tortured peaceful demonstrators demanding serious reforms, democracy and human rights, making fine use of snipers.

I didn't see any other commenter mention that Hezbollah has crossed from Lebanon into Syria and is fighting on the side of the Assad regime as instructed by their financiers, Iran.Hezbollah is very well armed and well trained, as they get tens of millions of dollars a year from Iran and have hundreds of millions of dollars worth of weapons provided by Iran.The Iranian and Syrian regimes have been the most virulent haters of Israel in the Middle East, and Iran has backed both Assad regimes.Russia has also long term backed the Assad regimes, since Syria is it's only warm water port.Quote from the article:  "He also said fighters from the Lebanese military group Hezbollah were fighting in Syria in "more than one place," but did not give further details."

I wonder if the Syrians would have been able to wage their civil war against this tyrant if they were limited to pistols and shotguns with magazines of less than 10 rounds.

My question is ? When is Assad going to use chemical weapons?

The U.S. is perceived as weak when it allows Evildoer countries to control Syria.A completely idiotic war in Iraq was stubbornly pursued, but a totally legit intervention in Syria is avoided.

#$%$ coward to defect!! i hope he dies horribly

Islamists / Rebels will treat Alawites in Syria as Taliban treated Shi'ite in Afghanistan. No reason to expect anything different.

Al Jazeera employees, including a managing director, correspondent and producer, have quit, citing unfair, biased reporting on Syria. The allegations include: the selection of content to fit a preconceived agenda; refusing to publish pictures of heavily armed fighters clashing with the Syrian army; ignoring the recent public referendum on a new Syrian constitution in which over 70 percent of the citizens voted to approve the new document; ignoring coverage of Bahrain's violent crackdown on protesters; and, faked and staged footage in the earlier war in Libya.

I side with Assad. He is not perfect, but there are clearly terrorists trying to destabilize his government and he has every right to fight against them.What a coward!  I'm sure this guy had a good ride off of the regime before he turned tail and ran.  He should be jailed with the rest of the people who forced their will upon the innocent people of Syria. Just another two-bit tyrant who can dish it out but can't take it.

i wonder if the sunnis will go after iran next? since they are hezbollah.i hope so.

Estimates are least 3 million U.S. citizens a year are venturing abroad. Expats are at 2 million a year. Why

big news for everyday bais and negetive world media, atleast u have something negetive against the syrian goverment.hurray hurray one coward deflected after two years of media looking for defectors.. after 50 years the rest will follow suit,

I agree with WilliamC.

Defecting Generals should not be welcomed as heros. At this stage they should be put on trial for war crimes.

Who wrote this article? Another lie in the making?

Waa... another graft? Did Israel gave money to this general?

He's smart. Right before Assad falls, he won't be tried for his crimes. He wanted to make sure he wont defect and Assad wins...or wait till his side loses and it would be too late to give up.

not fredom before dieMoral is low becasue guns are behind them forcing them forward

So general in charge of cooking defect............there was no more supplies to cook dinner for boss........he was facing to find food or be himself a food for sharks.........ohhhhhhh  they dont have sharks

The Free Syrian Army extended its hold over the eastern half of Ghouta, an agricultural belt surrounding Damascus to the south and east, on Saturday as heavy fighting raged in several areas in and around the capital.

must suck to be an islameli in the Middle East and know that the world would watch you all die and not lift a finger...

Buther Asaad n his regime should be brough to International Suprime Court for commiting massacre of 70000 civilian including 5000 child,misplaced 100000 innocent people.sending1000000 of civilian for orphanage...

Wow, a Major General defects and get's by with it, what would happen to an elisted man or woman, NCO, or lower grade Officer's....With a Major General deflecting, that don't say much for the Military in Syria.   Would have thought he would deflect to North Korea instead..........

Looting Syria and getting paid to leave too? These men are living the American Dream

"Like all Middle Eastern countries except Lebanon, Syria is not party to the Convention on Cluster Munitions, an international treaty that prohibits the use, production, transfer and stockpiling of cluster bombs."Well, then, that makes it all right.

wish obymmer would defect from the United States to

obama?.....just a guessA Remington hunting shotgun, eh? Well, that's what happens when there's no accountability for private sales of guns. You reap what you sow. Live with it.

Camel chitty chit bang bang. He has a Lexus he wanna drive and look at blonde girlie hula dancers on de strip or play wit de little boys.

Those commas are not blocked by the drunken minstrator.

why did you remove my comment about Israel using cluster bombs in Lebanon.  Does the truth hurt.

If that traitor got away without being captured by Assad, those foreign mercenaries the terrorists called rebels,  should slauther this sold-out for participating in the killing of those foreign terrorists for the last 2 years. He was part of Assad regime and is reponsible for the killing of those death squad gangsters. He shouldn't be able to have his cake and eat it too. He had a prominent post in Assad regime and participated in killing those foreign puppets; and now that Assad may look weak, he want to get a position in traitors' regime.

The militants, cut throats, and pirates that are fighting this war of terror on the Syrian people will only bring destruction and misery to the nation of Syria. It is time that the west turns off its propaganda machine and focus on its failing social fabric..,.and stay out of the affairs of the middle east and its people.

not true,I saw him having tea with Assad just this morning.

Whom this article is fooling. this is a civil war and only between Sunnis (Supported by US/Europe and Sunnis lead countries in Middle East) vs.  Shias/Alwait ( Syrian/Iran/Lebanon). Now those are defecting from Syrian army are Sunni's Traitors have no loyalties to their country but their alleging to sect. so sad to see what sec/religion are doing to promote their own agenda including Christians and Jews. No humanity and live and let live......ahhhhhhhhhhhh

Shoot the general ,he was okay in killing his own people at the get go

The longer the war goes, more employment for USA workers in our arms maunufacturing companies. Cheney was right!!! And Obama will get all the credit. YEAH!!!..Propaganda anyone????????? LOL!! 2011 they said general left and morale was low and Assad had only months left. 2012 More general and soldiers left and morale was low and Assaad only had months left. 2013 same #$%$ propaganda. And lets say a general did step down, he probably retired or was paid by terrorist supporting piece of #$%$ france or UK.Syria is proving that the colonizing UN cannot re colonize Africa and the Middle East like they did in 18th and 19th Century.. #$%$ the UN, Saudi Arabia, and all Sunni Muslims

What a traitor. No doubt American generals would fare better against their own people. Maybe we'll soon find out

Enduring America has videos of a defecting general and son as well as of rebels celebrating the capture of 36 weapons bunkers from an Aleppo.   That's a double bonus.   Not only will it give the rebels more weapons--including IED materials--but it should greatly limit the regime's ability to deter strengthened rebel attacks elsewhere.   The regime is also being forced to expend some of that remains in shelling some of its own bunkers, which are well built in as the video shows.

for all we know its a janitor that are news blows outa proportion

Propaganda &amp; War.

Perhaps he was lucky to survive the "help from rebels"

They dont need gangs to rule them, then why is our gang in dc funding this, let em pay their own way.

Assad days arenumbered.his own end will be worse than gadaffi"s.,ark my words.daves.

Bashher ASSwad.  What a name.  Like my hat?

The goodness with the Syrian Army, It is self cleansing. Let the coward and indiscipline of a general leave to ensure smooth resistance against foreign conspiracy that has led to the diesturction of a once prosperous and admirable country, Syria.American jihadist was just killed fighting against al assad

Out of Syria, the Anti-Christ (king of the north) will arise!! Read Daniel 11:36-39 And The Following:&gt;&gt;Dan 11:39  Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a strange god, whom he shall acknowledge and increase with glory: and he shall cause them to rule over many, and shall divide the land for gain.Dan 11:40  And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships; and he shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow and pass over.Dan 11:41  He shall enter also into the glorious land, and many countries shall be overthrown: but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom, and Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon.Dan 11:42  He shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries: and the land of Egypt shall not escape.Dan 11:43  But he shall have power over the treasures of gold and of silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt: and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps.Dan 11:44  But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many.Dan 11:45  And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him.YOU CAN BELIEVE IT OR NOT, But WHAT IS HAPPENING NOW IS WRITTEN IN DANIEL. THE EARLY PART OF CHAPT 11 IS ANCIENT HISTORY. THE PART I REFERED TO IS FOR 21st CENTURY.  Rev B Smith

well assad i hope your #$%$ is ready cuze you are bout to lose !

So a sunni general who was not trusted to be in charge of a battle battalion defects...asaad has so many sunni spies among the defectors they are able to tell you the name of the rebels killed from foriegn countries..the new fsa troops will be able to be tracked from jordan...

He defected from Syrian army to report to the white men gangsters in Lebanon.

Assad is a coward and a cold-blooded murderer guilty of genocide, he should be dangled from a rope

I like how they write this article every four weeks or so but nothing ever changes on the ground and experts who really know say the rebels can not win unless something drastically changes. Stop publishing these State Department funded pieces and start asking why we don't work with the Russians to broker a deal to end the war.

Even if ASSwad wins,,,,what kind of life will he have?  He will never be able to go out for chickin ever again.  Like my hat?

Assad will go to HELL soon just like Saddam Hussein and many other dictators

Some countries will not stop using cluster bombs, land mines, and biological and chemical agents, no matter what international conventions say.  The world needs a new chemical detonator that degrades after a time and renders the weapon harmless.  Perhaps this would be acceptable even to the rogue nations.So keep the fighting going.  Great for our arms exporters.  Great for USA workers.  Great for Obama!!!!!

isreal gonna be worse off when these rebels(hezblowme,alqueda,radical islamists ect end up with the chemical weapons and arms of the current regime.

Say a general left ourside--wouldnt he be termed a traitor or Judas--what is the difference if a general leaves this side or that side--it is still the same. Humans are so blind--its just like Gods word teaches--- the heart is desperate and treacherous who can know it.

I hope the West stays out of this one.  Both sides are being run by terrorists, let them kill each other off.  Even the refugees are being abused in camps by their fellow Muslim Brothers, Mainly the women and children... Complete Animals!

Assad regime is in the worst shape since the beginning of fighting two years ago. Today Syrian rebels have taken control of areas close to Damascus, where intense fighting has effectively shut down the country's main international airport to anything but military flights

The Major and the Capt. should be shot for his war crimes against his people.

It does not make a different.. a small traitor defect! He is not known in Syria and will not affect the outcome of the battle. Filthy dirty smelly ugly long beard will be terminated.. I wonder why not one new media report the losses on the terrorists’ side!!

i would defect too, if i was general.  a bunch of wimps in the army!!!!!   mideast camel jockies don't have tanks

the stronger USA army must help the Syrian people

I don't know why we don't arm the rebels and speed up a victory on the ground and bring an end to the blood letting. Assad is done, it's just a matter of timeI wonder : How much money did the USA. paid these Generals to defect.???Maybe We will know the answer in 50 years from now.

what a propaganda are u spreading here yahoo news.....

Now that's a nice family picture!

Freedom fighters and freedom lovers will always win, regardless of how long will it takes. The Syrians freedom fighters will win, the Palestinian freedom fighters will win, and every other eventually will win. It is a bad century for the  Zionists and their backers.

That #$%$ sale out his country for The Islamist Terrorist

The Syrian flag is quite appealing in its use of colors.This has baffled me for a while: the Islamic people seem to be totally idiotic when it comes to religion, yet quite artistic and technically capable when left in peace.This leads to the conclusion it is the religion causing the damage, as the art and technology skills pee-date the religion.

For the ones complaining that there is no end in sight to this war therefore the reports are wrong. Be reminded that this is a messy civil war where things go back and forth all the time in a very disorganized manner. American Revolutionary War lasted 8 years. Russian Civil War took 3 years. Americans with a fully equipped, disciplined and well trained military were at war 8 years in Vietnam, 8 years in Iraq, 3 years in Korea, 12 years in Afghanistan.

There is no good exit now for Assad because he would not negotiate in good faith with his own people of Syria for modest reforms. Now, the guy is dropping prohibited cluster bombs on Syrians, not to mention shelling Syrian cities. Who supports Assad? Russia, China and Iran. 70,000 dead, because they could not pass a U.N. Security Council Resolution. 4,000,000 displaced refugee Syrians, because the Americans were distracted by a presidential election. What would a President McCain have done differently, I wonder?

#$%$ the Middle East... I watch middle earth and that country is similar to those Arabs country smell like camel poop

Rebels = Al-Qaeda Terrorists + Foreign Mercenary Thugs Armed &amp; supported by Saudi, Qatar, Jordan, Turkey &amp; NATO to break the Syria-Iran-Hezbollah resistance front.Iran-Immortals, 26 secs agoWhy you as an Iranian insist sticking your nose in an arab affair ? You Ain't even an arab !! Iran will not success in Syria , it's a promise . Hizbollah and the Iranians revolution guards who are fighting in Syria are being shipped back to Iran and Iran in a body bags !!!Islam  = Deadly cancerMuslims = Cancerous cells

Hahahahahahaha let me guess Yahoo this is another nail in Assad's coffin right? Assad is kicking butt in Syria and he's going no where this cheap moral uplifting propaganda is not working , terrorists are dying by the 1000's and Assad just killed the head of the terrorist group Jabhat Alnosra in Daraya along with his right hand man in a mig airstrike while they were in a meeting, duel on that yahoo.

defects huh.....well isn't that convenient.

Maybe we ought to be asking why it is ok for Israel to use cluster bombs in Lebanon,  but when someone else does it, it is clled crimes against humanity?

My stand is on the innocent civilians...the opposition fighters have contributed in the lost of many lives ,the UNOfficial s should intervene without further delay &amp;procastinations.Things can be sort out if the hide &amp; seek supporters of the opposition quit.kris

It will be just wonderful when islamo-fascist takeover.

Another low level traitor of his country! Not a big deal. Despite all the circus of propaganda, Syrian Armed Forces controll the country, in general. Syrian citizens are stil overwhelmingly behind their government. If Assad does not have backing of majority of Syrians, how would he last so long and still be strong? He is fighting for all of us, around the world, for world free of jihadis and Islamic radicals and terrorists! Long live free and secular Syria!Wizzard S, 1 min agoLolo .. Assad fighting for all of us around the world !! Lolo  you f alawits hizbollah Iranian khomini terrorists !! Lolololo

Let Assad's domino keep falling piece by piece. He won't last long. When the rest of his army slides away from him just like what happened to Gaddafi, he will be gone.

I hope Assad's forces recapture him one day and "bring him to Syrian justice." Traitor!Kumar, 36 mins agoKumar, care to kiss my ase please ?

One of the Yahoo photos shows a rebel using a Remington hunting shotgun, where did he get that?A Yahoo! User, 25 mins agoWho the f cares as long as they kill this alawits hizbollah khomini terrorists !! PeaceAssad's military is outnumbered by 12 times the number of the rebels, there are 110.000 regime fighters left against one and quarter million rebels fighters including 450.000 Al-Qaeda and its affiliates who are causing the most damage in civilian and regime casualties, Saudi, Qatar, Europe and US keep supporting and supplying the rebels/terrorists with all weapons they need and more money than ever, besides Saudi and Qatar RECRUITING, SUPPLYING AND PAYING FOR TERRORISTS FROM ALL OVER THE GLOBE, OUR TROOPS ARE TRAINING SYRIANS IN NORTHERN JORDAN HOW TO FIGHT THE REGIME THEN SEND THEM TO SYRIA.abulzouz, 25 mins agoOld man, go f urself ! You talk like terrorist , you look terrorists , you must a terrorists ya zabri sharmootah !! God bless

This defector is a coward and should be tried by the rebel forces first.  This coward has been paid by the West to make this public appearance in exchange for his life.  What a coward.  Unlike Assad who has vowed not to desert his people for better or worse.

Long live Assad. Continue the good fight to rid of your country of those rebel terrorists!!!Kumar, 23 mins agoKumar aka Abdiulla bin zabri hizbollah Iranian terrorist posting from Iran

Any one supports Assad is supporting hizbollah the terrorists groups who killed more than 278 USA marines in Lebanon in 1983 !!  Any one support hizbollah should be treated as a war combatant !! Period

He is a stinking rat, all this years with the government and now defects. He wants to be in line, and be part of the new government, how convinience. Hope they take care him in Jordan.Mark, 1 hr agoA rat !!  It takes one to know one , terrorists !!

No muzrats/islam = Peace on earth

Sunni general, for sure. How much Qatar had paid to him? And USA, UK and France?Black, 34 mins agoBlack aka Abdullah bin khanazeer !! Your comment shows the Syrian terrorists regime has nothing but alawits terrorists controlling the Syrian army !! F u terrorists and long live the Syrian rebles !

American jihadist was just killed fighting against al assadMary, 1 min agoMary ,care to suck the rebles zaber ya sharmootah ?? I am you love that !! Lol

He should be fried for leaving Assad now. He is just a hypocrite who will meet justice. He is probably responsible for thousands of deaths since the war started. He is too late now. No use .

i want to fk a Islam girl.The New York-based Human Rights Watch said Syrian forces have dropped at least 156 cluster bombs in 119 locations across the country in the past six months, causing mounting civilian casualties.

Assad will end up like Gaddafi. Make no mistake about it. Let's just all hope very soon.

one coward out of a million nationalist,patriotic,honest and strong heroes fighting western backed terrorists, what a big deal.

propaganda!! assad's forces are winning!

Muslim rats doing what they do best which is killing each other