This election is as important for Pakistan as it is for the World.  They need to elect a strong President to rid the country of the Taliban presence, and deter additional aggression with India.

The best liar and the most US puppet will win to keep the nuclear arsenal safe from Islamists and for the drone strikes to continue. Forget the innocent Pakistani victims as long as US dollars flow into their country and their pockets.

It looks that Pakistan become a part of family business. There are a lot of well qualified people they can able to carry the torch of Pakistan politics. All corrupted politicians should step down and save the country.

Zardari sucks. He ruined Pakistan.

#$%$ zardari

It looks like the west is rooting for Zardari and his worthless son

Talk about frontman puppets.

The possible leaders appear to be very intelligent and knowledgeable of Pakistan's problems. Poverty appears to be the main problem. I am sure US and China can assist if these countries are genuinely interested in Pakistan's welfare.

Imran khan will win the election for sure.

no wonder they are complaining about drone strikes, its an election yearPakistan was much better off when it was part of British-ruled India.

DEMOCRACY WON PEOPLES LOST. This will plague will continue in Pakistan and other third world country as long as family system of kingdoms's keep taking advantage of catch 22 in politics.

Thomas you are absolutely correct.  They want our money and thank us profusely whenwe give it and laugh behind our backs.  It is very unfortunate they have the weaponsthey have.  They are going to end up being a Taliban country - they are too corrupt tocontinue as they are.

Imran Khan will be the NEXT PM, and world will see an end to the extremism and all our problems.

zardari looks like jackkkkkkkkkkk #$%$sssssss and his son looks more like a dog.they are not able to run anything except destroying and messing even more. nothing has ever changed in that country except getting worse.

American poltics are decided by votes, lies, and money.  Islamic poltics are decided by guns bombs and dead bodies.

Pakistan will not improve unless they improve within,the core problem is the corrupt leadership,and the infrastructure based on that corrupt society will collapse sooner or later.

Lol if it's a #$%$ they are a liar and a thief

We need to turn the channel on this place.Stop watching, caring and giving. Yes they have the bomb. As does China, India, Isreal and soon, Imadinnerjacket. Did the cold war end in nuclear annailation? Nah. Time to tell paahkeystaan, Go ahead, make my day. Think I'm nutz?? I don't lie or steal and I'm transparent......unlike?

Compare to India, Parkistan seems to be safer for women in their big cities.Everytime one of these countries has an election I have to wonder how much is this going to cost me.

Hopefully China doesn't get involved in Pakistan's affairs. China has a long history of supporting dictators who welcome their corruption-friendly business tactics. China is a terrible country.

Well, you got; Akmed Mohammad....you got, Ali Mohammad...and then you got, Mohammad Mohammad.Islam - The Religion of Death.

Why can't a Christian run for office in Pakistan? Muslim's run for office all the time in Christian countries. In fact, I even know of at least one who became president.

Bhutto is the right choice, but they will kill him if he wins.

the problem is Pakistan was formed as a country by war and the peoples are xenophobic of their neighbors.  only way to solve this is to break up Pakistan, otherwise hatred will continue, what do u expect from mooslims btw, they even hate themselves

biggest curse of south asia : The political dynasties!!! WHO should invent some kind of vaccine to get south asia (India,Bangladesh and Pakistan) rid of this plague!!!

Only Imran Khan is a genuine leader, all the rest are #$%$.

Pakistan is like Hell now. Muslims are getting education from Christian countires and killing Christians  in own country.Pakistan Pesident Enjoying postion .they are destroing own country and people pakistan is Taliban muslim  brothers country muslims all are creminal mind.

Anothet interesting punishment  for Zardari; attach two electric wires to temples when it is power failure. Let him wait when it comes back again....unalarmed! He literally tortured my country.this is so boring i dont even have to comment.

Mein Indian hoon, aur mein Pakistani logon kon guzaarish kar raha hai, PTI elect karo.

ATTENTION ALL PARTIES...Please make sure you do not waive your "Blown to Smithereens" insurance. It is seperate from your regular insurance.

elections are a cruel JOKE in any islamic country. everything will be decided by the imams, mullas and what other weird names the clerics dream up to hold power over every thing and everybody

look at that guard standing beside zardari, looks like he is in the run too, damn serious

it does not matter who wins. They are all terrorist supporters

...and Pakistan sticks to the same old cronyism and nepotism by making it soo that political families just hand the torch over to their offspring.Pakistan needs to do away with dynasties and elect people from the grass roots, instead of these super wealthy corrupt families.

....well the citizens of the United States are tired of the double dealing from Pakistan polititions, no more taxpayer money ................

The country's politicians are so corrupt, I used to know someone who lived there and you can literally bribe someone to release you even if you've committed murder or anything else.

Zardari is the worse president Pakistan ever had,he broke all the previous corruption records.During his 5 years time pakistan economy has suffered al  lot like never before, all the terrorism and #$%$ which is backed by Indian intelligence agencies going in pakistan because of him.He is taking bribe from enemies to remain silent and let them do whatever they want..Atlast mother #$%$@@@ is leaving he should get death penalty.He might be the richest person in the world right now,,,,Only on his son's birthday he gifted him a brand new buggati veyron in U.K.His son is spending millions of pounds in U.K.None of the players have moral character that is needed to run this very immoral country. All of the current runners for the post have their own corrupt histories. Having said that, in the land of blind, one eye can be the king so I say this while choking on a huge slab of salt, that the least repulsive among all is Imran Khan.

Except IMRAN KHAN,All above candidates are Trashy, Greedy, Selfish, Ignorant, cowards, wild animals, and sure for dirty politics they can kill their mothers, wife, sisters, brothers and perhaps their daughters. I rest my case.

Perhaps last chance for Pakistanis I must say an election of survival another corrupt government we will be done. Use brain Pakis not emotions they never cared about you and your lives then why you have to be so generous and kind. We are knocking already at stone age please come of all divides they are using to manipulate the poor people so wake up for you and your generation and your beautiful sake.

zardari rat holed billions.sad to say a totally islamic country should be a shining example to the world.i dont know what went wrong.

This election is important to Pakistan. But All ( Old #$%$ and criminals running what you can expect from them first they need to put in jail all criminals politician or shoot them then maybe they can do election) Pakistanis judicial system is carpeted High court is carpeted. Briefed   system is so good in pakistan all Politician they have criminals Record but they still can run for president and is only can happened in third world country. Pakistan is beautifull country if you Kill all criminals Politician and Al- Qaida and Taliban. create by US.

monkey see   monkey do

bilwal Zadari is a homosexual was well known in the gay clubs around his uni

all are thieves....... landlords, tribal chiefs and general public

For short interim Govt. I would like to invites guest leaders from pro Pakistani Bangladeshileader till election are done.

Zardari must be shot in the testicles!LOL Elections in Pakistan is a joke, the winner wins by showing guns and who ever spills the most blood wins

Imran Khan is the best hope for Pakistan. The rest of these corrupt politicians should be  given the death penalty for treason. Don't even think about politics Billy Bhutto you're dumb as a box of rocks.

They r all crimnals.... I dont understand why people let them come again nd again.

In the end the US &amp; Pakistan Army decides who wins. Democracy is a joke in this country Zardari will be back nothing will change.

This 2-cent article has LEFT out the Most IMPORTANT Player in Pakistan - its ARMED FORCES [&amp; their partners - the Islamic Fundamentalists]

One sleazy goatherder substituted for another.  Who cares?  There's no such thing as an honest Pakistani.

Dear Packies, How much ever our spineless politicians may apologise and pamper you.But we the American citizens, think of you as the garbage you are !!!

they are all the same ......put me instead,i "ll be a better ruler

why the hell yahoo is worried about pak. its a terrorists state,will remain a terrorists state.let them die . hell. no. we dont neeed more news about pakistan.

I still beleive military rule is best for PakistanGet ready Pork  _i_stanis ...... the next pack of Pigs is coming to loot you !! :-)

my vote for imran khan he will dominate the electione u watchhhhhhhhh

make george bush the president of pakistan!

All these four political leaders are puppets of America who uses them one after other for own benefits and means.

Funny the elections are being highlighted in a way like it's such a successful country.

toby , pak is safer for women coz, chicks r more f,,,, pros

His ring is on backwards.  I do that to be less noticeable in bad neighborhoods.

Why do I hate these ugly people?