Well, we may call it a war, but it is NOT a war by any means. If we are not going to conquer the country and force them to our will. Then by all means, it is their country, give it back to em and then handle what ever happens.

hahahaha!

Get out of Afghanistan

Bring our people home, now, there is no reason to stay.

Karzai, I think is an idiot and answers to the terrrorists.  And to think of all the money and lives we have wasted there.

More lies and deception they are already gone and free. Is our whole government turning into puppets? BRING ALL OUR TROOPS HOME NOW

It never ceases to amaze me how we get ourselves into these messes, where we have to negotiate and bribe for the "privilege" of defending someone else's country.

this guy now wants 250 million like we just gave to the muslim brotherhood. Calls Hagel and Obama racists.

They will probably let them all go.

I think that Karzai is angling for another donation from the US Treasury. The only real question is whether or not this Administration is stupid enough to give it to him..

He has no clue. Just waht Obama was looking for.Why is no one reporting on the Egyptian magazine reporting that there are six Muslim Brotherhood infiltrators (BY NAME!) in high positions within the Obama administration--including Homeland Security.  Why is no one reporting from another Egyptian publication that Obama has given the Muslim Brotherhood $1.6B Egyptian pounds--that never found it's way into the government coffers?WHY?I am reminded of this:  "In northern Virginia a FBI raid revealed a treasure trove of Muslim Brotherhood documents, but the most important document was the strategic plan, called An Explanatory Memorandum on the General Strategic Goal for North America, 1991"  It reads:"The Ikhwan [Muslim Brotherhood] must understand that their work in America is a kind of grand jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and "sabotaging" its miserable house by their hands and by the hands of the believers so that it is eliminated and God's religion is made victorious over all other religions."Everyone got a warm, fuzzy feeling now?

The only "deal" Hagel should agree on with Karzai iss where the Afghani criminal performs an anatomically impossible feat on himself.

Now we have an issue that the U.S. or Coalition forces cannot call an air strike and Afghans cannot call an air strike, our forces have lost our most important combat multiplier.  We are not at an extreme disadvantage and in a country that the government is no longer supportive of our actions.  The only thing that saves our soldiers now is our status of forces agreement, which prevents criminal action in the event of a mistake by our soldiers.   It is time to leave this place and let the Taliban have it back.  A country that will not fight for itself against oppresssion cannot be carried by people trying to save it.

Karzai is acting irrational. He knows that a sudden complete pullout would death for him, yet he says things that make Americans want the pullout to happen earlier and with completeness.

Blow up the whole place.   We could save billions.

Hagel talks to the Afghans. Talking to the Afghans is like talking to a snake. They will hear you but they will not understand and in the end, they WILL BITE YOU.

karzai is one of many who took our taxpayer's money and hated usa.

karzai has buddies locked up he wants released

you don't require a week to resolve this conflict. Just tell Karzai to go screw himself and the everything is resolved. Get out NOW and stop all funding to these crooks.

We will never stop playing games with the afghans .AP, HAGEL ALERT! - GITMO is still OPEN and has vacancies for the most dangerous maniacal extremist TERRORISTS! Do your job and screw Karzai, the clueless thief who just embezzled $BILLIONS from the clueless WH and State Dept.'s Billary Rotten Clinton!

These people need to be left to them selves ! They will just destory them selves if we leave them alone !

Of course they will be freed ! Listen , We just need to get out of All muslims Nations ! 100% Stop giving Them Our Monies and our childrens lives  !Giving away GUNs to killers in here and in MexicoThat the mind set of those in Power in our Nation !! Think we catch them after they kill some innocent people !They Do not seem to have any wisdom or Understanding 1 Just know how to cover up Everything and lie Lots !

blow it up. burn it down and destroy all traces. then tell karzai that it is just as we found it. it's all yours. enjoy.

yo,! Hagel tell Karzai to #$%$ himself and kiss the talibans #$%$

If Karzai wants control give it to him as soon as our last military member leaves that hell forever. He will flee the country with his stolen billions a week before our last military member does.

The Afgans will let the 98% innocent go free. The Afgans want us out and wish we would not have invaded and killed their children and murdered and tortured their fathers, brothers and uncles. Of course they hate our guts.

News media is hiding people obama appointed? Why! Well they are all Muslims! Hopefully soon a real reporter will step up n report the truth! Not holding my breath thou.the gd reporters are long gone "

What are we doing in Afghan anyway? A few people blow up a building, and we spend ourselves in to bankruptcy and change a Democracy into a totalitarian dictatorship. Don’t you think we could have caught these people and avenged ourselves without destroying our country?

I like him better when he was the host of "JEOPARDY." what qualifies him for this job?why are we there?how many trillions and lost Americans lives before we learnit is their country, their war their problemwe are broke

At this point, you might as well just send Karzai his own personal printing press... courtesy of the American taxpayer.

Haa! Big international fart noise!

Can't we just kill that incompetent leader, &amp; I don't mean you Obama! Would hate to be whacked by a hell fire missile for suspected support of terrorist org.All kidding aside just get the #$%$ out of there! Those people do not want a better life! They prefer the Taliban! We will just have to keep an eye on ALqeada

What a partnership Obama has formed with Afghanistan; we don't trust them and they don't trust us. Of course, if I were them, I wouldn't trust Obama either.

Those people are locked in that prison for a reason.  Once our guys are out of the country, send Karzai the keys, and then he can do as he wants.  Franklly, Karzai is negotiating for  the Taliban.  The Taliban has strings tied to his arms and he's only their puppet.Once our guys are gone, the Taliban will have no use for him, and they'll assassinate him.

Good negotiating, Chuckie and Barack.   Karzai is demanding a favorable answer within a week.

Simple solution.  Execute the more threatening detainees. Problem solved.

Either all people are endowed with inalienable rights or none are.  It looks like we're opting that none are.

drop them all off at his house when they are releasedHow many of you really trust the RINO has the power the make any promises for Obama?

obumus will just keep giving our money away to all the terrorists of the world just like a good little communist socialist liberal democrat from chicago.

So is Fox still claiming Obama is not bipartisan?   Well I have news for them:   their underwear is showing.

Take no prisoners;  Kill them just like they do to our service men and women.

Karzai is a dead man once we leave.....he's just too stupid to know it......

They'll try to resolve it in one week....... once Karzai has had the chance to master the telephone. Hagel assures him he can....

Turn over control to the Afghans, then Oops a real bad natural gas main explosion.What??? Afghans Don`t have natural mains!.............Then do like they do.......LIE.

If it gets really bad ? We just send a couple missles destory a couple of cities and they will get the message ! We should not be giving our Young peoples lifes and monies ! If our President or members of congress want to sent the troops in ? we just pack of those people and sent them and there families in ! That alone would stop many wars all over the worldWe have the weapons we do not need to be black mailed or tricked to make a few people here Rich off our young peoples lives !

If China gets involved they will plunder all of the Afghan's resources. China supports dictatorships that welcome their type of corrupt business practices. China is a terrible country.

Forget it Hagel , you cant communicate with ignorance. Just give it to him and bring all our men, women, equipment and of course money home and to hell with backward country and leader.I'm thinking no Karzai is a crack head he gets no more!!!!!!!

if we know they are bad people... give them something like what Isreal gave to Arafat then hand the detention center to Afghan control.

Why are we in this country?  Why does the government keep the army there when the citizens all want them out???

why are we playing their games

Karzai is right regaurdless of his drug use.USA/UN - GET OUT of AFGHANI-NAM.

Obozo bites goat butt

these people in the us are blind they are sheeple not people ,that's how Obama got re-elected from the sheeple people don't understand karzia is shipping heroin over here like its ice cream. his brother was the heroin czar. now he;s got his brothers money and the money the u.s is handing over hand over fist.ok. if I was him I would retire to monte carlo ok. on my billion dollar yachat and laugh at saddam for not doing the same thing. ha ha

the only deal hagel and karzia have is where to ship the HEROIN and who gets the most money out of it ok. since karzia's brother was killed he's got to do two jobs run aphganistan and run the heroin trade. and figure out how to count the money on both hands ok.

The administration should run the government from a COB in Afghanistan.  When they're tired of it, then they need to be the last ones to leave the country.  Ten bucks says in that scenario the timetable for withdrawal would be moved up.  These people and this war are a cancer on this country.

Karzai is a back-stabbing Turd!Karzai is appointed by America and we believe they're still together.  Just playing a game!

Giving the rat the key to the cage

Hagel as Secretary of Defense... It will take more than God to help us, We are screwed

It's just hard to find a reasonable Afghan anymore.

He is a crooked him self and ano United States Friend and Ally

hagel has some bags under his eyes the size of afghanistan, perhaps mr hagel should get some sleep or stop pouring booze down his throat everyday, or both

Where are the military coups when you really need them?

They are their homeboys what do you expect.

I sensing someone needs a bullet. one shot one kill. Problem solved. Next.

SEND MORE MONEY ! That always seems to solve all of the Problems !Why dose  Hagel have the look of a blinded Deer on his face? Is it because he has no CLUE ?

"U S officials fear most dangerous detainees would be freed" Fear? "Hagel announces increased missile defence system" ? Bla bla bla?? Looks like Yankee democracy do not work any where else than in the bankrupt U S itself.

The GOP choir is way out of tune. No harmony there.

It's so corrupt and senseless and not worth one more dime or one drop of blood. Those animals do not have any respect for themselves or anyone else. Leave them to self destruct I say.

"Karzi: US fights for Afghan underground resources"ww‌w.presstv.i‌r/detail/2013/03/13/293352/us-war-on-terror-not-real-karzai/

Listening to some of these conservatives speak reveals only one Thing, disarray. How can someone propose a fix hold to coservative principles and at the same time in the same speach advocate change of strategy. How can someone put out proposals that is hurting, and would hurt the more the poor, the elderly, the non-white citizenry and their struggling worker families and at the same time proposes going to this same group of people and ask them to vote for these ideas; telling them the are the best options they deserve? It beats me to see how not repairing American fallen infrastructure; roads, rails, Schools, bridges, making it more and more difficult for commuters and travellers to get their destinations are good for American economy.