Most people do not understand how serious this problem is or think it is just a defense problem. in many areas where we have lost manufacturing superiority to the Chinese is from hackers tapping into our industry and knocking off products. It is not hard for a country to become a manufacturing giant when they don't have to do R&amp;D (research and development.)

If our home based companies do not want to get hacked by the chinese, russians, or any one else, what they need to do, is simply have two sets of computers. One set, that has zero company info on it, just for internet business, and the other set set aside for actual company BUSINESS secrets, etc and those NEVER get connected to the internet. Keep your business totally separate from the internet.

And it will continue and we do Nothing, Business as usual !1

They don't see going into US computers as hacking, its more like online banking in their case.

The bread crumbs lead back to china and they want us to believe it's not them.  By the way, they tightly control the internet, so it's also not state sponsored either.

when you sleep with dogs,, you get fleas

Well of course he said it's groundless. You didn't think he was going to admit it, did you?

Yeah, sure.

The military still runs China.

Why not have some smart programer install a poison pill in programs then the hacker would get nothing but problems.

Why should they admit wrongdoing?  US companies step over themselves to stay in their favor.  Anything to maintain their profit margins.Our liar is a BIGGER liar than your liar!

Seems like everybody knows it happens,I suppose they have to whine about it so it is on the world's mind when the real hacking war breaks out. The internet already has too much % of advertising and it is rising,I suppose when hackers make complete slaves of every PC then this subverted internet thing could become useless...There are big dumb greedy sacks of it all round the world.

China is lying....

The best defense is a good offense.  Get with the program you grads from MIT, Stanford, CalTech, Carneige-Mellon and you gurus at Google, Microsoft and Intel and those of you in the NSA and CIA.  Teach all intruders just what we can do to their systems if provoked.

We should have just left them alone instead of opening our markets to them.

Google "Mandiant Chinese hacking report" to read a complete and detailed report on Chinese internet espionage

And this is a surprise to us?

g/damn liars! plain and simple, the chi-coms don't have a word for truth!

New Chinese Premier Li Keqiang dismissed hacking accusations against China as "groundless" on Sunday...News Flash! - Chinese Premier says news reports stating that the sun comes up every morning are "groundless".

You can not believe anything China says. We should not allow any of their products in this country, nor let them invest into any American company.Groundless my #$%$!!!  Do not fool yourselves!  China is our enemy!

We deny hacking they deny hacking. Everybody puts on a smiley face and goes about their business. SAME OLD STORY!

Having strong ties don't mean you didn't spy,hack or whatever you could we do it also.

Who's doing it then?  Every metal tool from the size of safety pins and up bends like butter when made in China.  No wonder they need new recipes!

Reminds one of Chinese take-out. As soon as you finish one Chinese rejection you experience an emptiness while waiting for the next one.

You can't trust anything China says...but you can trust their actions!

HORSE #$%$

Of course they are going to deny it. They aren't dummies. They know to admit it is to shame themselves to the world as inferiors needing to steal information in order make themselves look good.

New judge same as the old judge.

Just what did the World and the U.S.A. think China would say we did it Sorry we won't do it no more.Li's nose will grow longer every minute ..........!

Greedy corporate America sent them our jobs, and our economy. Now they steal our technology. Bring the jobs back home, buy American products while some are still available.

Heck, even I can track someone who tries to access my PC and this isn't exactly that sophisticated so if the US government says it traces hackers back to China that is exactly what happened. As to whether it is the Chinese government.......

just like washington, lie and deny, but what can one do, here's a thought, build your own computers america, kinda hard to prevent hacking if they have the keys.

we almost forget obama is not the only one trying to destroy America..

china, it seems is as bad as obama and his administration to LIE..

This chinaman reminds me of the child who is caught with chocolate all over his face but looks you straight in the eye and tells you they haven't eaten any candy and don't know what you're talking about (and truly expects you to believe them).

LMFAO - They're all the same  !!!!!1)  Deny everything.2)  Make counter accusations.3)  Demand proof.4)  Use MEDIA and Morons to cover up for ya.

Does Ambassador Rodman know?

They are our bankers now loaning us billions to keep the country running.Hacking like this is terrible but they have a huge upper hand on our finances.The world stoppped believing you China a long time ago. Stop hacking our computers and we dont believe that you are against North Korea. You will supply them with everything they need to kill South Korea and the U.S.

The right hand does not see what the left is writing, We, the USA have the same thing,

China "what, me hacking?"

It was track to a IP address and they said, Who us? Yep, that was not chicken you just ate too.

this from guy who has already taken DIRECT control over the military and VOWED to take south china sea BY ALL MEANS NECESSARYyep I believe every word this guy speaks

It's what any government does when caught. We've denied plenty of our illicit activities as well.

We know you busted us many times ... but we are socialist and lying is what we do.

Boycott CHINA

This "report" is nonsense.  Does anyone think he would admit to the hacking?  Absurd.    Think ahead and prevent the hacking.  Hack away at them.  What are they going to say?  Nothing.

Well isn't it nice to have that settled? ....and of course we never have or will try to hack them.Evidence says otherwise Mr Premier. So,, either you are lying, or people in your administration are lying to you. Which is the bigger problem ?

It is the year of the snake, after all.

Why is it that China, North Korea, Iran and many other "AXIS OF EVIL" counties all have the same level of insanity?

Groundless accusations, seems just like a Government statement here and there!

Chinese Liars.   Americans the Chinese have a national agenda to over come security controls , the ability to access our information and industrial processes. Like the  Electrical grid, military weapons information. etc etc via the internet

and that is how China defines way to seek "strong ties" with US - Deny... deny... deny... until  they don't need to deny anymore by taking everything by force. I hope our politicians, Democrats and Republicans, are smart enough to learn the lessons from China's neighboring countries.

Do you think this guy is going to admit to the hacking ???

We're supposed to trust a country that has sold us poisonous dog food, melamine tainted baby formula that hospitalized 860 infants and killed 6, drywall containing sulfur and even McDonalds glasses that contained cadmium, a toxic carcinogen? We're supposed to trust a country that allows counterfeiting of almost everything their manufacturers get paid to produce for American businesses? I don't think so.

China hacks our computers. Hacks our software. Pirates ourmusic and movies and has a very sophisticated spy networkembedded in America's high tech and defense industry. Just likethe Russian's.  This has been going on for decades and ourintelligence people know this and China lies.

We better be careful,they'll stop lending us money and quit making our goods .China needs to be taught a valuable lesson. Show them indisputable Proof, and then cut off ALL TRADE with china, just to show them what happens when their government tries to hack any computer in the USA. Once we don't import any more garbage the chinese make at cheap nearly labor FREE prices, maybe all the idiot american companies who outsourced jobs TO china, and elsewhere, will bring all those jobs back home. Just because we owe china more money than God, does not mean that they have permission to hack! Besides that, the chinese need to get a LEASH on N.Korea, particularly, that 28 year old, so called "Leader". Let them know that if they try to drop an atomic bomb on US soil, The guy they kill might just be Dennis Rodman!!!!

When you grow up in a UNIX environment and steeped in the mantra everyone has a god-give right to all data, don't think the concept of "hacking" actually exists.

everyone posting seems to dislike china - yet they buy the china made products every day .. stop supporting them and support america for a change

I love how we just let China blatantly lie to our face, and we just sit there and take it.

If someone owed me a few trillion bucks I'd want to know what they were up to as well.

He!! just admit it. It's not like we aren't doing it to them. Everybody dose it. the government just wants us to think it's only those nasty Chinese.

The New China, same as, The Old China.

I'm afraid N Korea is just the bait. The real fight will be with China..Who will blink first? The Russians did during in 1962 during the Cuban missile crisis. Lets see if the reds are stupid enough to mess with the US..Truman knew exactly how to handle the Japs at Hiroshima, lets hope our current leaders have the resolve to win this fight also!

The Chinese can build, or at least copy almost anything.  Their overall quality sucks, and if you look at their products of note, they are usually poor imitations of another countries products.  Look at their "Stealth Fighter", it's a fancy mock-up of ours that doesn't fly.  Anybody who buys the tools they manufacture know their steel specs are horrible.  If we would just actually stop buying their products and bring manufacturing back to this country, it would force them to grow up and treat their people better, put them on a much more even playing field with the rest of the "developed" world and then they would't be such a threat, as they too would have limited funds.

The Russians had a space shuttle that looked like ours................did they ever launch itI wouldn't expect them to admit it  but  a lot of their military   hardware I saw in popular science  looks like it was downloaded from us..........did they also  have a space   shuttle   with O ring problems ?

OK Barack, he lies just like you.   Now what?

LIAR - Hey LI do you want to see my firewall logs that show dozens of CHINESE IP addresses trying thousands and thousands of times to hack into my computers???

China has no intention of changing their aggressive cyber-warfare policies as many of the commie pigs fear the Generals in the PLA who could make matters very interesting for internal politics.

If Obama-Bison&amp;Clintons want a war with China,all they have to do is send them DennisRodman as the U.S.top diplomat.And after they get a wrong impression that Americais totally populated by Martians(like Rodman,Lady Gaga,and many other scary-lookingcreatures) they will start preparing for a war, just like North Korean"dear leader"immediately following Rodman's visit.

Everyone needs to know that this clown and his other commie pals are either billionaires or multimillionaires with a million man army to back them up.  The ultimate mafia!

Hey china, covering a crime with a lie will never will never win respect.

wow thats a surprise--maybe our WH is stupid but not the people

Wait until the CHI-POD comes out.

They couldnt even win the Olympics wthout cheating. Using underage girls in Gymnastics. Every event that wasnt judged they lost. Meaning if you had to cross a finish line. Cant trust these people no more than North Koreans.So they deny it....but we still shouldn't allow chinese contractors to build any part of our network infrastructure.

I , for one , feel so much better after reading his denial ..........

Let's finally finish the Korean war, then place nukes at china's border.

What better way to strengthen ties than to know everything about them via hacking?

I could never be a diplomat because when I told them to stop the cyber attacks and they "rejected" my claim i would tell exactly what kind of piece of sh** they really are.

LIAR, LIAR Pants on Fire !!!

Sounds like we can start fighting back and hack into Li's computer for fun...then we'll hack into the Chinese miltary's technological infrastructure to find out what they're working on.  Instead of just trying to stop these hacks, we should retaliate as well...

Hey this new president and obama have allot in common BOTH are liars.  Maybe there is hope yet.

We don't believe you China. We all know you are stealing technology from every nation on Earth in your attempts to leap-frog forward. China is the world's singularly most evil, despicable, and detrimental nation on Earth. It must be destroyed and every inhabitant executed.

Why do they bother? We have so many chinese invested in our commerce dept and patent office, all they have to do is make a call and get what they want.Another government hacking our networks is an act of war.  The U.S. would be within it's rights to respond with military force.

We should see this as a Warning ! Instead of Blaming someone.. If not China i'm sure anyone could launch an attack on the US, Just block all Chinese IP Addresses ! and then maybe China will have to step in and Police this issue on their end too !

anyone who has ever done business with the chinese knows that lying is an art form there.  of course they are spying on the u.s.  they are losing the edge with slave labor and must replace it with an actual economy, unfortunately they have to steal the ideas of the products to do it.

obamacare will make healthcare cheaper

"Will you stop touching me ?  Dad he wont stop touching meeeeeee"

The American thing to do is for its citizens to boycott chinese products.

Well, I guess that pretty much settles it. They say they don't do it, so that's that. I'm sure they would never fib about such a thing.

Cut off imports and that will bring them to their knee's.  That would also bring back manufacturing here at home.

CHuck Fina.  People need to stop buying Lenovo and Huawei products.  I know most things are made in China, but these two are directly controlled by their government.

China was committed to strong ties with Washington? Blah...Blah...Blah.... He is right and America should also bring it`s companies back home and employ Americans. The label MADE IN CHINA should be stopped. STOP BUYING CHINA PRODUCTS.He probably just recognizes that the claims are the work of our Community Organizer In Chief. Astute.

This is going to happen in such an open society like ours.  This shouldn't surprise anyone that they are going to deny it.  Like Toshiba Corp. selling silent sub technology to China in the early 80's, now, we continue doing business with them.  Americans' memories are so short it's sad.

I bet they have huge office buildings dedicated to hacker central.  Hope we have the same....

Now why would I believe him...

Maybe we should go to China to find evidence to support a new NIST official report of 9/11. Our hackers can't seem to get the job done.

I spent an entire year in China being monitored. EVERYbody there knows it's done. The U.S. does it too. No virgins here.

When a location is identified that is cyber attacking, use missle strikes to knock it out.  This is a national security issue and cyber attacks are an act of war.

That sounds like a BIG PILE OF #$%$! Maybe the US Gov. needs to hire some HACKERS and turn them loose on the Chinese!

You think the Chinese are bad ?  Just wait until every Muslim kid gets a computer.  They're coming with revenge !

Even China know obama is a liar. One of the reasons they are fading out the dollar as is MANY other countries have already implemented. It wont be much longer before the dollar is no longer the world reserve currency. The US will no longer be able to 'print' their way out of debt. The IMF is already pushing SDR's as the new global currency. OPEC no longer accepts the dollar for oil. The are demanding a 'basket of currency(several different countries money) and gold'. America is screwed and our downfall is imminent thanks to obama.Lower the dollar value and sell more to other countries. China would hate us paying them back in depreciated dollars that make knock-off American products less attractive than the authentic product. Beat them at their own "pegged" game. They aren't good at the game of "chicken." Call their bluff.

However China reports a breakthrough on cloning the Commodore C-128

Rejects hacking claims? What else would he say maybe,"Yes sure we are. What about it?"

Liar Shut up and get back to your bowl of rice,.

Ping pong, ying yang ... anyone for an eggroll.

We really need a strong leader in these times... not the corrupt, lying douchbagguette we have now...

Tax imports to the point it`s cheaper to make products in the USA. The hell with these people...

Much as I love China and the Chinese, the massive cyber assault against Western countries and their businesses is basically an act of war.

you smell that? i smell bullsheet!!

wow! everyone already knows that China is into bigtime hacking, the leader denying it falls on dead ears, as we all know he is lying!Maybe he simply doesn't know any better--like the way Ahmadinejad didn't know that Iran has one of the bigger GAY populations in the middle east.

How do you eliminate a touchy situation?Deny it exists!!!

If China censored hacking activity emanating from their nation as closely as they censor their people's political communications, there would be no hacking problems.

"I no see nothing! Oh you smart, big round eyes."

China is a terrible country.

Trust us - It wasn't us........ No.... Really!!

New Chinese Premier Li Keqiang DOESN'T RUN the country , he it just another PUPPET for the DICTATORSHIP with the RICH PEOPLE running the show from behind doors...He has to say something in that order just to please the hard liners .. If CHINA has NO HACKERS let the U.S people( DIPLOMATES) onto the SO CALLED hacking  building that the U.S said was used to hack out other COUNTRIES MAIN FRAMES ..

Time to stop importing all goods from China and the far east support made in America

They deny lead paint on toys and for the most part claim to not have a problem with pollution too.

Don't forget all those other Chinese leaders: Hung Lo, Mei Prik, Ho Slap, Long Wang, Duck Kum.Why say a word? Just counter attack and F_ their whole internet up beyond repar.

premier li keqiang is a LIAR !

sure they are not hacking and God didn't make little green apples.

prisons are full of people who are not guilty .... who would admit to it anyway ....

Of course he did...so let us respond by bombing the communist!

" New Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said his government was committed to strong ties with Washington...." ties my A.S.S... ONE OF THESE COUNTRIES WILL BE COLLAPSE.... THERE WON'T BE EVER AND EVER TWO TIGERS IN THE JUNGLE.... FOR NOW BOYCOTT CHINA PRODUCTS.... COMMUNIST = THIEF + LIAR + HUNGRY PIG.... USA = GREEDY+ LIAR.

tracert:  Straight back to  china`s military head quarters. Dismissed hacking accusations against China as "groundless".

It's not only China. They had some help from people here, who made a bundle off of what happened. So don't kid yourself. Taking advantage of some people's greed is easy. Hacking a sophisticated computer system, not so much.

Li = LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!

they monitor all international access, and do not allow their people outside access to other servers, and censor google, yahoo, and bing search engines, and put the approved information on proxy servers for their own people, so his comments have no merit what so ever and he is lyingAnd the new guy starts with another lie!

I believe him... NOT!

Don't we have government hackers that could program our computers to send them a really nasty virus when they hack in? Maybe something that would also pop up on to all their screens and say "Gotcha!"

All the other Asian nations hate China. They are liars murderers and thieves.

what do you expect those pie face back stabber to say? they said we did it hey what comes around goes around...

The Chinese have been thieves for 5000 years. Why would they stop now? The Chinese only do things based on brute force. They won't stop hacking unless they are forced to stop hacking. Don't buy goods made in China. Money talks. Guaranteed, they will stop.

Reject China and their  slave-produced products.

Li lies as much as Iran. China steals and copies everything the U. S. has, including our military devices. This should all be an act of War by China and treated accordingly. The U.S. should not pay their loans to those thieves and enemies in a War they perpetrate.

Just like a Chinaman.

Hack all I have #$%$, but don't dare step into my yard!We hack and know how easy it is so we blame everyone else of it.

Premier? Dictator is the word here.

Hackers and Liars and that's not all!

The American thing to do would be to never ever give the Chinese another thing to make or produce for us and get the jobs back to the Americans.   We can't even make furniture here any longer for goodness sake !!!  They give their people peanuts to work while the chosen Chinese are banking it and laughing the whole way their.   Find your intelligence Americans who can make the difference and that would be like everyone of us to a degree !!!!!!!!  Now, that's a good army.

What did you expect him to say, "You caught us stealing all your ideas.  We are sorry and won't do it again.  Promise."

The U.S. appears to be ramping up it's cyber-war abilities..I'm sure a lot goes on we don't hear about but judging from the use of drones, I doubt we're lying down this time.

Bull--sh-t dont believe it. USA stand firm...china is only buying time --softening up the USA--it is preparing its defenses and arsenal while there is "peace" and quietness...it is preparing its squeeze on Taiwan, confrontation with Japan, fostering North Korea, Islands and oil stealing issue....and for war with the USA. NEVER TRUST THIS HUNGRY PIG COMMUNIST CHINA

Boy oh boy he went to the Obama school of honesty and telling the truth

Nuke Beijing, Shanghai, and Wuchan, then let's talk about debt, hacking and world peace.

If you believe Chinese lie then you lay with dogs.Who the hell wants to hack China? To counterfeit their counterfeits? To steal their counterfeiting technology?

Of course they would deny doing it if they did.  Of course, the US would also likely blame another country if we DID do it.  In the end, you can't trust anyone.  Hooray for politics.

Are our Firewalls so weak that we can't detect a IP address and block it?

Basically, what they are saying translates to CHINA OWNS the US.

A IPS address is not proof. On Yahoo I am often listed as posting out of a city far, far from where I live and post from.

Of course the "STRONG" ties between Obama and the Chi-Coms will continue.  "Maoists of a feather ..."

He can deny it all he likes, but the U.S. has PROOF of China's hacking!

Those #$%$, lying is an art form, he was laughing his #$%$ off while saying that.  They are close to being number one, especially after shrub and hussein, can't get much worse than those two, to open it up for the Chinese, we were once number one, the victors get to write history, but even the victors will point to shrub being our worst president ever followed by a president that would had never been president if not for shrub, so between these back to back spenders and ill decision makers it was the decline and fall of America.

What?  More lies from the largest socialist country in the world?  Say it ain't so!

How's Obama's foreign policy working for you?  Any successes you can point to?Anyone that trusts or believes China is a fool!

now we will enter the cyber war as we have already said we will have an offensive capability which we probably already had they say you cant just have defense but i believe that is not true i think the investment is a shield and thats where the investment should beits the same old story i need the bigger stick we still have enough nuclear weapons that can destroy the world many times that is just insanity and we are going down that road againwe dont learn from history

THis is one of his first orders of business ??THen there must be something to the complaint ...Who wrote the line -- "I thinks thou protesteth to much" ??Shakespeare or someone ??

Chinese kids playing with their computers.   Oriental kids study and learn in school, unlike American kids.    Knowledge can be a dangerous thing.  Get used to it America !

The Only reason China and Russia has not attacked us is because they fear our secret weapons that they do not know about yet. That's why the are always trying to steal our tech. One they are lazy and two they are trying to get more info on our top secret weapons. N Korea is a puppet for China and they give them nukes, weapons and food and they do what they are told. They will attack us by proxy using N Korea as soon as they are confident that they can defeat us. They will use N Korea to nuke S Korea and our west coast. Then they will use a EMP attack to take out the power grid and attack our major communications. Then its Red Dawn time WW3.

And we also didn't invade Tibet.

China:  New leader, same same policies.

What can one expect from a guy who has used his position as one of the Chinese Communist Party "princelings" (top bosses) to amass a fortune worth billions.  Lie, cheat, steal; that is all they know.

China's new premier rejects US hacking claims...reached on the ninth hole of a golf course in Hawaii, Obama drops his club, goes to one knee, bows his head and apologizes for US hacking claims.  Thus assuring that China's next loan check to Obama's stash account will be forthcoming.

So Li wants to deny the claims? Assuming we aren't already hacking them, I think it's high time that we show them what we can do in that arena, and shut them down. Then Obama can say, "Who, us? Nah."Washington is famous for making things up and spying others.

Who manufactures all American goods, what do you expect, they've copied fashions, why not go for the big guns.  How dumb are American business men to think that those poor people over in China would just be satisfied with production...China's agenda is very different

Yeah, the NSA never hacks anyone.  But China should know that the US will not allow foreign government to hack and steal from US corporate interests.  All they need to do is read the last 100+ years of US history to see that Americans will not accept that and will go to whatever ends needed to stop it.  Uncle Sam doesn't play when it comes to business.

red commie china did not hack but order her servant NK to hack!!!!

China also denied that the sky is blue.

Denial is always the first line of defense; crying is the second.All China got to do now is put up some pictures of crying kids holding computers.

China also LIES....big time

same old bunch of thugs running china. can't trust them. this new premier is an illegitimate son of wen jibao. and this guy was personally involved in persecution of minorities and killing of upto 1 million muslims in china over last 15 years

Do not trust the yellow man!!

LIARS, CHEATERS, THIEVES, MURDERERS, MANIPULATORS, #$%$ COMMIES.Nobody trust them anymore.  They are into everything, everywhere to steal what they can.What the heII did we expect the little slope to say ?

What are they going to do? Admit they send their nutcases to spy on America and steal technology?

They probably didn't do anything. This is just the way our government is going to justify new internet "security" for us all.

Obama and all of his minions want us to believe that China is our friend and can be trusted as an ally. What a crock of #$%$ Obama wants us to swallow. China is Americas 2nd largest enemy right behind Obama. China already owns most of Americas economy and wants to own 100%. Obama is happy to comply and so does our corporate bloodsuckers. They all read from the same script. We average Americans are already screwed.We have 2 choices . 1. lay down to the global takeover. Or2. Stand up and fight our government and stay free or die.I would choose death over what our government has planned for our kids.

If or when china wants to destroy America, all they have to do is stop buying our bonds.  end of story.  They don't need to hack our systems.  I think it is ridiculous.  But they will have to stop buying our bonds eventually to avoid throwing good money after bad.  so prepare yourself.  That is why homeland security is buying 1.6 billion bullets and 3000 light tanks, to deal the the civil unrest that will follow the chinese action.  This is why the government is trying to get as many weapons off the street as it can before this happens.  Stop listening to what people are saying but watch what they are doing and you will have a better understanding.  Put your earplugs in when our politicians are talking, but keep your eyes open.

there are hackers everywhere and not all of them work for governments but I wouldn't put it past the chinese trying to destabilize the US.

No differant than what the Russians have been doing to us for decades...how do you think they got nuclear technology...

Stroke me! How diplomatically smarmy can you be.Sounds like a bunch of Democrats.

For as long as our trade deficit with China is in hundreds of billions, they love us to death.

He may be new, but he knows what they are doing....REALLY NOW???Of course they're going to deny!First rule of politics!

Has the U.S. ever proven China hacked our military computers? You can bet our gouberment has hacked China's computers, after all this country has all the technology to accomplish that task.

Rather naive to believe only China hacks other countries

Does America sounds so riduculas when we lie to the world? Hard to tell Im rather partial to the American lies it seems..lol

The problem is that China has no respect, nor do they recognize "intellectual property" so when they hack and steal data its not actually viewed as a crime. Ya see, first you have to admit that IP belongs to other people or companies, than we can have a legit talk about it..but as they see it, if you put it on a computer and they can access it, then its merely free information, like P2P file sharing.

And they are cracking down on copyright infringement... Ya RIGHT!

Nope not china, they would never do something like hack, nor would they blow up a satilite to show America they had that capability, and they would never buy and build Aircraft carrier killer missels, and they certinly would never build stealth fighters, or a large blue water navy, or lock their radar targeting systems on other countries coastal patrol boats, and they would never ram a jet fighter into an American patrol plane, or never tell North Korea that it is ok with them if they build nukes and threaten Japan and America with them, no never.......LIARS !

Their "grounds" seems different than our "grounds". Denial is an old Chinese negotiating tactic. It allows them to operate "as if" what they say is actually true. Our culture is more attuned to honesty and shading the truth (especially seen in our courts) rather than outright denial. Tibet was invaded and China is intent on destroying the religion and culture of the Tibetans. When they deny something, beware of what they do "as if".

What a crock of crock no one tells the truth anymore ?  I thought this year of transparent Goverments. What abunch of crock!!!!!!

deny,deny,deny I think the chinese learnt that from NixonSo in other words, nothing has changed or ever will with China. They talk out of both sides of their mouths!

But of course he rejects U.S. claims of Chinese theft of American intellectual property by hacking...he's in CHARGE of it.  Besides, and this a "thought experiment" only, where would China get it's intellectual property if it didn't steal it?  I mean, it's like inferior steel manufacture, melamine in the dog food, dead pigs in the river, toxic toothpaste, harassing it's neighbors and poisoning what remains of a clean environment...it's the Chinese standard.  Snort!

These are the commie cheese balls who poison our animals with their adulterated pet food. I hope that at least we're hacking their computers that they stole from us.

"I think we should not make groundless accusations( hehehehehe) against each other(hehehe) but spend more time doing practical things (hehehehe) that will contribute to cybersecurity (hehehehehe)," Li said in his first news conference in his new role, while trying to keep a straight face and not say how pathetic and weak he thinks the United States is.

they better be nice--otherwise no more payments on our loans--just Obama mailing in the jingle keys!

Chincs are lying.

was this before or after obama got thru blowing him

We know china is behind the hacking , but we make believe that we dont really know ,china knows that we know , but pretends to believe that we don't really know and we pretend to believe that they believe that they don't know that we know.Yet everybody knows.

Groundless? Didn't the US track the IP address back to a military building in China?

Truth?  I doubt either country would admit wrong doing.  Moral epiphany is not common  among combative nations....or any, for that matter.heee...heee....as of "yesterday"(?) we sand flowers to every ONE that hack's (?) our computer???...heee...heee...are we nation of law' and for the laws!!!.....and if you DO not follow ...hee...hee....guess what!!!...heee...hee...WdaF farce get of reading j. goebbels style propaganda....we are in this #$%$ from very begging , only difference ,  lately we cry to much!!..heee....hee

IM so sure that we the USA would never do the same. Shame on China

I got my email  hacked from Romania

"I didn't do it!" - every four year old knows how to say that.  We respect those that have the grit to admit what they've done.  For a culture so steeped in honor, such denials are that much more painful to hear.  Sad.  Very sad.

Imagine that, the country that invented the Internet getting hacked by a country using their invention .. Thats not right

The term "insulting our intelligence" applies here; this is well known in the US Military and corporate America.  It's not difficult to tell where the instrusions come from.

When they try to hack us why not let then download a virus that quickly infects their systems and destroys the hackers

Well China having the largest economy now and the US Falling behind everyday that fool Obama is in office .They China will soon be taking over the US we keep printing counterfeit money .If we can't back the money we are printing then it has to be counterfeit.

Iraq and wmd

China sounds like Obama, not me must be someone else.hey mr. lo ball yoy, how bout if we americans quit buying all the #$%$ your making....than maybe your talk of stupidity will change..............

Who would want to hack China and for what. They have no innovation, nothing anyone could possibly want! What they make is either copied or fake so they do what they do best, Lie.

Everyone can see it is just another "Saddam has nukes" moment, an excuse to prepare to attack China

Search for "Mandiant Chinese hacking report" to read a complete and detailed report on CCP/PLA Internet espionage.  CCP is PURE EVIL!

@ Joseph C..... You got that Right !!!

EVIL CCP's strategy, deny, deny, deny!!   The WORLD knows you LIE CCP!

Same as it ever was...

Votes out all politicians who won't stop our jobs from going to China.

If the Chinese Communists says their premier knows computer internet better than anyone, it must be true as usual.

The #$%$ leadership is the ultimate in positive thinking; they positively believe that if they "SAY" it ain't so, we will belive it ain't so.The only thing groundless in China is the words of the leadershipWe absolutely... (listening to side in earset)..."yes, OK.  go for CIA"... Do not ....(listening..."so get their credit card info) ..hack into... ("what's that? yes, go ahead")..."United States infor"....(get those plans to target their sites)...."mation".

why is this a story what the hell do you think they're going to say

If you spend any time monitoring the security of your Internet servers you have noticed that in recent years the majority of hacking attempts and surveillance queries are coming from IP addresses originating in China. Chinese hackers are becoming the most common and pervasive as evidenced by the US government's Titan Rain investigation.More recently, Google has expressed serious concerns about hacking attempts originating from China.The government in China does nothing to stop or even discourage hackers or the illegal copying of copyrighted material created in the US (movies, music, and other intellectual property including your Web site content). As such, we must protect ourselves from the Chinese hackers and content thieves.

Hey Mr. China PM.....Denial, not just a river in Egypt.

He denies having any part of it. He just got there, he hasn't thrown anyone in prison for thinking too loud yet either.

Hey, is this news for you?China president lies as much as our president!

Gee no its nots like everyone else in the world isn't hacking into everyone else! Every computer on the planet gets hacked by someone..Like the US Government dosnt hack YOUR computer!!! The one your reading this on right NOW!

I just wanna know,  what happened to my dog?

China:  Offering one hand while arming the other

New Diplomatic Panda  in denial same as the old one.Li also emphasized "that China should be moving towards a more middle class-orientedsociety with an "olive"-shaped wealth distribution, with the majority of the country's population and wealth belonging to the middle class".This is another prank by the "wealthy elite"... when he leaves office he will have directed millions of dollars of financial assets to his family as Wen Jiabao did.  The is financial moral compass looks more like the olive tree, with branches full of behind closed door financial deals.Is there any evidence to support the hacking claim? I would be surprised if we are not doing the same thing to them. I know we hack the Europeans.

#1 Stop buying things from China. #2 through #100 refer back to #1.

What is this, a hacking contest.

the chinese are not hacking our internet as much as our own spy agencies, hell bent on taking over and suppressing our internet..  i don't believe the chinese are half the threat our own government is.

What the #$%$ want is for everyone to buy into THEIR version of cybersecurity; you know, the one that has numerous "back doors" built into the programming that will allow the #$%$ government access to everyone's private and confidential information.

everybody hacks everybody, that is human nature, we all are guilty

This is the equivalent of the chinese saying "pay no attention to that man behind the curtain"...

My wife's email got hacked.  Nothing but Chinese characters.

the usa has been doing this for years what do you think the cia does.

After watching the spectacle China put on during the Beijing Olympics; and watching all of their recent territorial, military moves...should we be thinking anything other than we're going to be nuking these people at some point?  WAKE UP, AMERICA...these people are ACTIVELY threatening the world's, and our, security EVERY day!!!I know a Chinese IP when I see one, even through a hidden proxy. Still easy to track it's location.

CHina has been conducting a GLOBAL WAR of economic destruction for decades.The USA is prime target and is willingly being brought into the economic war on a day to day basis. Cyberspace via internet via communication age is only one tool used in Chinas global economic war. Maybe this tool should be called weapon. Further more, the war takes on many faces. One face is called the "economical war between nations" or a more at home name people can understand and identify is "hmmmm lets see what we can do as a super power economy by creating and delivering as much devistation and destruction as possible in and behind the scene manner thus under the table way to gain more and more control of the worlds super power countries and most of all the US." "Ahhh, yes grass hoppa", the way to do this is in the grand scheme of things. This scheme is called the failure of the economies of the world such as the US economy being the most desired. China needs only to control the economical digital war one cyber second at a time, one dollar at a time, one loan at a time, one hack at a time, one cyberspace hacking microsecond at a time to gain any file of hacked information at a time. Any super power shall be divided from within itself via economic failure. China can and is doing everything to make economic failure happen and the USA economy failure is happing from with in itself. Who is helping that failure happen besides the USA itself? China is and China has all the time it needs to let that unfold one digital hack fest at a time. Failure from with in is the key.

an American group says they have tracked most of this activity back to an exact building address in china.to bad we can't some how send something thru the computers being hacked to the computers receiving from them to cause a massive fire or explosion while watching from satellites above

Of course he rejects,he's sure not going to admit.And of course he wants to work together with us against this activity,that way they already have the inside information on how to hack past latest security improvements to continue their own agendas

Notice how much the new premier looks, acts, and makes statements just like big Al Capone. Remarkable!

Hackers? I suppose they just attempted to log on their Facebook accounts and catch up with friends. I doubt there is a lack of smart people to develop better protection systems for crucial cyberspace databases. Please do not let me down...

Why do gopcon are biggest supporters of Communist China?

stay away from chinese food products. are stores are full of them read the label and put it back fish and fruit products are the most dangerous

Liars...China, Nigeria, and Russia all hack.

The usual Chinese policy: pollute, destroy, deny!china is behind all of asia war on the us... they lie to our faces and blame others.. I have friends in the C I A  and hacking is the least of things they do...

Be ready were going to sick Japan on ya!

Hey china,  go to nuke your mad dog child kim jung un.china = b.s + thief + liar.

Really? Does anyone in the free world believe anything China or Russia has to say? Nothing but propaganda!

Don't say it's True...Our Government Never LIES about Anything, Right?... Watsa matter with you???...You no gotta henny Brains ? We All Know the Truth!.... Who's Hacking Who

What, allegations ?..... that the U.S.'s  military was behind massive hacking attacks on  China's entities......Hmmmm... The truth shall Prevail !

The US, I can do it to you but you cannot do it to me. Hypocrisy is thy middle name.

It ain't Hacking if you own it.......  LOL's

I told Xijingping on facebook, I make sure you get taken out like Hu like nut! For dealing with these fools, you I treat like little #$%$ and then you get taken oul like nut Hu, Xi, and you idiot nut! Xi you get take out like nut you little #$%$!Edward ZukerP.O. Box 294Feasterville,PA 19053XI, Hu, You #$%$ NUTS! Don't worry this #$%$ next!

Why would china have to hack?  Our idiots in government gives them any and all the information they want.He didn't admit it, hard to believe.

Okaaay, I reject gravity yet here I sit Hop Sing.

What!!!!  there are hackers in China? But our own Government would never do such a thing.

That black hair dye isnt fooling anyone.

'hey charEE, wanna Brojob.the chinese are convinced we are fools and wont press on.history shows them they should stand by that conviction.

We should let our hackers loose, and let them turn China upside down, that way those Chinese could start singing,"Who let them dogs out" oh I forgot, China is our most favorite trading Nation.

It is a lesson for those American companies still want to buy Chinese made computer components because it is cheap. How stupid

China should launch a nuclear strike on the US and kill the evil terrorists

USA are you going to take their word on it. You cannot trust ANY politician especially ours.

when has China, or really ANY COUNTRY ever, ever admitted to doing wrong?What about "China willing to talk over cyber attacks?"

How do we even know NK was hacked!! Are we supposed to believe what they say now??!!

Article has no mention of China investigating any Shanghai hackers...?

He is a liar. The President of China, the leader of a bunch of mafia type hoodlums in suits, a liar? Shocking.

fascist world.... all liars get ready toodied....44444444$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Well, Let's take em to court USA.

China is a dictatorship. Shouldn't they have to have more freedom and democracy before we trade with them. We impose this condition on other countries. We like capitalist dictatorships just fine but not socialist ones.

If you are a true American you will never buy products made from a county with horrible human rights issues and a government that promotes theft and corruption.

someday these chinese guys will be in front of the Creator and will give an honest account and then if not accepting His terms will pay for eternity!

HmmmIt doesn't make sence

Guffies

Guffies

Sometimes I wonder how many jobs there could be here in the US if everything that is made in China, for our consumer market, were made here by Americans for the American consumer market.

Just terrible: I hop not but I think we're going to wined up going to war with them.

#$%$ china

I don't believe is anything worth hacking in China. All their electronics production / technology is under any standard for quality. Too bad the market in US and Canada is completely f*up!Not only we encourage cheap things (Thanks to the rich and greedy!), we also encourage the extinction of the World's real industry. Buy American only, if you can!

China, A Communist Police State...America's biggest trading partner and debt holder. It seems the Ideals of Democracy and Freedom can be thrown to the wind if the price is right.

Fart

This is what happen when secretary's get replaced with automated press 1 for sales press 2 for etc.  company  Computer  are all interlink . A secretary should be the firewall, she has  2 computer and pull up hardcore records from the main computer manually, ceo in-house emails goes through her and she send it out after checking, the online selling is safe, but customer service  in has too be one on one hired more help. That what you get for being cheap. Don't blame china and crack down on new user  rules in the name of  Internet security of our last freedom.Naturally ... lol

Wait... You guys Didn`t hack us?? Oh wow... Well this is embarrassing.. Really sorry about that! OUR Govmnt lies about loads of things this dosnt strike me as one of them.

Of course they reject it.  Wouldn't you if one of your military units was behind it?

stand your ground.

That because he's like a socialist communist democrat. He ain't copping to s#&amp;t!

I'M SHOCKED ..........!

Liars all of them, we should tell them to hold their hands on their butt with regard to the debt..Do you think for one minute if the situation was reversed they would pay up ?? yeah right, they'd stick it to us like every nation did in the past..But with the minorities leading the majority in this country we do nothing..

Far too long we have allowed China to export their shoddy merchandise to us while they block their markets for our goods.  Our government has sold it's soul to the Chinese Devil.  All the Chinese have to do to destroy our economy is stop lending our government the enormous amounts of money used to fuel our deficit.   The Chinese have been hacking and spying on us for years stealing our industrial secrets and counterfeiting our goods and our currency.  How can we compete with a country that pays slave wages to it's workers.  When are we gonna wake up and realize that China is OUR ENEMY and is out to destroy us.

Should not complain about what other countries do when America does the same thing. How hypocritical.

Boy what a Surprise.  I thought for sure he'd come out and cry , Mea Culpa.  But waiting for that to happen would be like waiting for Barack Hussein bin Obama to tell the Truth  , just once.  I don't think the planet could take it.not only are the Chinese hackers, they're liars, too.

China's new leaders "attach great importance" to relations that meet the "fundamental interests of people in both countries and serves the global trend of peace and development," Li told. Mmmh! Thanks for telling us what we want to hear...

When are people going to understand that China is not our ally or friend.  Washington and corporations (Walmart in particular), in their greed and corruption, have   betrayed our country by sending our jobs to China, Mexico, and other countries.  Thus, they have partnered with our enemies to destroy this country.

The military still runs china

You guys reap what you sow.  Americans are so interested in entertainment, sports, and getting drunk.  They don't have time to get an education.  They don't want to major in engineering and science.  This is the direct result.  The Chinese are interested in education and they have the brains to take over the world.  American companies should stop hiring people based on personality and how social they are and start hiring people who are competent.

I can tell you for a fact, I am a Korean Defense/Viet Nam era veteran, that knew more Chinese/Soviet secrets, when I left active duty, than I did American.

Liars.

Now that's the literal version of "spoofing"

China, the world's most corrupt country and people on earth....

100 percent terriff taxYou really believe anything any government says?

LOL-able...

And the miserable inhabitants of that cesspool can't stop finning sharks nor stop using rhino horn to get in a "me so #$%$" mood.

I am skimming through the comments and it appears the majority of you sound illiterate with your horrible spelling. Be American and go back to school to learn English. We should deport the illiterate and the unintelligent!  Go USA!

America is so powerful that we can make any statements appear to be true whether it is or not and it is our right, as the best democracy in the world where people can say what they want and where everyone can get rich beyond means, to rule the world as we like!USA! USA! USA!

Of course the commie rejects it, snicker - snicker..............  And remember, keep buying those "Made in China" products.  Actually their products should be stamped, "Made in Communist Red China".  But then again, who cares?  After all, our Red Chinese communist friends are now our trading partner.  Plus, they own half the United States so we've got to be nice to those folks in the Land of the Big Red Star.

Why dont we have our own hacking organization hitting China. An eye for an eye.

Some operations may have been moved to Thailand and other Asian nations. Had an attempted hacker from Thailand.

Either way...I don't understand why these important corporations and government entities aren't operating on a more secure intranet...Only use the secure (in house line) terminals for classified information...and use an entirely different set of terminals (internet) for world and public transactions and communications.  They would really have to go out of their way to hack a intranet hardline...

It's time to take China to the International Criminal Court.no coyright infringement in China either. Tiananmen Square never happened.Its all just a figment of our overactive American imaginations!

Well, then, if we retaliate against the sites that are doing the hacking, China shouldn't mind because it's not China.

If the US is covertly hacking into China it should stop and vice versa.  During the Cold War the Walker scandal rocked the Navy and there have been other security breaches since that time. I have serious doubts regarding the governments ability to keep private citizen information safe from hackers.  Therefore, I oppose a national database on gun owners or the means to generate one from internal agency databases.

Choose to belive China become more and more mystey

The U.S. needs to tax Chinese imports to make their goods less competitive with American products. Americans need to become more competitive by accepting wage reductions instead of massive job losses to China, Mexico and other nations worldwide. The U.S. government should also stop taxing companies so much who still are in the States.  Americans should stop buying junk from China (Walmart).

They bought Clancy's book again, whole building of hackers, some US educated, go after islands in S China Sea(already happened), then fry parts in defense system, we out sourced that were not impt, da they all are impt in a system. Then Twan, H.Kong (still not theirs) learned smthing.

The US should hack their system and then reject any claims they have. Sometimes you have to fight fire with fire.

the attacks are mutual

"We would never think of using Chinese technology to interfere with American commerce, or to conduct espionage or for any other purpose. After all, we have already misappropriated American technology to do all of that and more."

We should be doing a lot more rejecting also instead of making headlines for political party gains.Why does the media call them "Premier"? It's called prime minister. Oh, and China btw is the most dishonest 'business partner' in recent years.

yahoo SHOULD BE ABLE to BLOCK the PHISING on yahoo BUT dont cause of the NEW WEB PAGE and many got hacked cause of the CEO #$%$ that is more stupid then any women on the PLANET , KICK ME OFF NOW YAHOO so my ATTORNEY can FILE SUIT

yahoo COVERED UP THAT THEY HACKED many YAHOO accounts , but they got NOTHING that i have to worry about cause i seen it and SHUT the account down for GOOD, and YAHOO CEO is BRAIN DEAD LOSER that changed YAHOO and let them IN

watch for the PHISHING on YAHOO &amp; AOL they are on alot using the allmost LOOK ALIKE SITES

and to all my GOVERNMENT CONTACTS i didnt FALL FOR IT ahahahaha we are still SAFE

I make it a rule in life to not listen to what people say as much as what they do.

they call IMPERSONATING as MICROSOFT EMPLOYEE'S and wanting to HELP fix your ERRORS on your COMPUTER and its a SCAM so they can get ACCESS into your COMPUTER for PASSWORDS and ID'S

any ONE calling FROM OVERSEA'S is a SCAM not anyone that would call you, and NO ONE would call to HELP FIX your COMPUTER and your INTERNET PROVIDER would never GIVE OUT INFORMATION ON YOU or your COMPUTER

keep LIEING cause the FBI has your PHONE NUMBER and so do I ya stupid morons nice try IMPERSONATING A MICROSOFT WORKERS asking to help get rid of my ERRORS on my computer cause i work with the GOVERNMENT ANGENCY'S and i didnt FALL FOR IT

Big China surely soon will face the big challenge from big people demanding justice in law and economy, human right, and true democracy.I believe what has happened before is that a lot of "freelancers" who knew computers thought they were being "patriotic" by hacking into U.S. computers, advantage since many knew basic English. Some authorities smiled or looked other way. Hope can change.I believe China and U.S. these days do NOT have big causes to confront each other. For example, Taiwan.... tensions much reduced. Koreas.... China realizes South has done much better job for people than North, and is quieter; we are closer in views. Religious freedom... Islamic militants have given us cause to think, religion can be radical and scarey sometimes,it actually lowers tension with each other a bit. Expansion... China is NOT trying to spread Marxist-Leninist "dictatorship of proletariat" anymore, General Secretary Deng put end to that. Villification propaganda too, is much reduced from 50s and 60s. Little territorial disputes with allies on sea can be EASILY RESOLVED with patience, not a show stopper.Only deep heartfelt problem with good U.S. people in my view is Tibet. Seems cruel and harsh to us, we do not buy villification of religious leader. This person seems kind to us and makes regime on THAT issue look cruel, harsh. Harsh "Anti-" propaganda fails, looks even worse. One realizes China has no intent to lose 25% of territory, of course. Rationale is understood. Hope softer win-win there can someday be found, for good of all. We are at only one really deep "heartfelt" issue these days, all others are clearly "normal" easy in my view.

Tracking your phone number was easy you stupid chinesse hackers ya that f en stupid

just like the CHINEESE that said he was from MICROSOFT calling to fix my ERRORS on my COMPUTER that my INERNET PROVIDER gave them my INFO to call BULL CHIT YA F EN LIAR and i CALLED FBI so did my INTERNET PROVIDER

well the FBI has your PHONE NUMBER hackers ya clled me asking me to let you FIX my COMPUTER and iseen the OVERSEA"S NUMBER and said F YOU and called FBI they tracked YOU PHONE NUMBER stupid CHINESES F KS

No, of course the new leader of the world's largest fascist dictatorship is sure they haven't done anything we need to worry about, yeah right, and the check is in the email...

Li also emphasized "that China should be moving towards a more middle class-orientedsociety with an "olive"-shaped wealth distribution, with the majority of the country's  population and wealth belonging to the middle class".This is another prank by the "wealthy elite"... when he leaves office he will have directed millions of dollars of financial assets to his family as Wen Jiabao did. There is no financial moral compass, but lies from the OVER PAID, ANTI-DEMOCRATIC, DIPLOMATIC PANDAS.His wealth distribution looks more like the OLIVE TREE, with branches of behind closed door deals to line his friend and families pockets.

A people who don't represent truth represent nothing.

I bet the U.S knows China is doing the hacking because its getting reported by the high tech surveilance drones penetrating China intelligence.

Sure Li keqiang, sure China isn't hacking, oh yeah sure.

They need to steal intellectual properties because they're intellectually inadequate. Anyway criminals seldom admits to the crime committed.Xi Jingping or Li Keqiang are just the Same Old #$%$ . Nothing new.... Bored

A new editor for the China News...same old tricks

Other media sources ( wikipedia) indicated that Mandiant Security was not able to directly connect the cyber hacks to the Chinese military in Shanghai.  Which is which but what I know is that it is extremely difficult to  pinpoint  the  person that use the keyboard  in commiting the crime.  And it is also true in their hacking  cases.

Why should we believe a word from the the CPC owned and anti-western coerced XNA (government financed China News Agency), after a history of corruption and lies XNA has a new editor 'LI Keqiang'.I would rely on the 'Onion tabloid' before a word from those OVER PAID, ANTI-DEMOCRATIC, DIPLOMATIC PANDAS .

Stop your crying U.S.A. someone is better than you at hacking,,remember china owns you.lol

One practical thing that will contribute to cybersecurity, is to hire,"Pinocchio", his nose will grow each time he attempts to hack China.....

Well either its the Chinese military or is a few rouge agents in China. It was still tracked to a Chinese location. When it comes to the anonymous nature of the internet when hacked, its best to have more certain proof or safeguards in place to be sure its not someone small with a war wish.

Mainland China's inherent arrogance toward anything outside their bubble has and always will be their most glaring, and obnoxious weakness.The US new defense build-up aimed at N Korea is just a smoke screen of a threat... the real bulls-eye is China. It seems the new administration is a about show its hand.  The UN is the next step.  Australia, Japan, Korea, India and Russia in the past have all made stir fry out of China's b-utt at one time or another.China's bastion of government employees are brainwashed lab rats from birth. Driven since primary school to hate the West. Like any lab rat they do tricks for treats. Its all pragmatic, politically correct and very dark.The Golden Age of China will be short lived if they don't wake up and do the right thing.

Tit for tat.  What's good for the goose is good for the gander.  China's been stealing American ideas and technology for decades.  Now that it's reversing, China's all of a sudden whining about it?

We were not "hacked" by China. They own most of our country, so they were within their rights as "owners" to look after their interests.Just as long as the big boys are getting rich over the movement of jobs, technology and equipment to communist China they could care less. China is more than ready to kick our #$%$ without firing a shot by fxxking over their own people and environment and ours if they get the chance.

Americans buy cheap worthless chinese products that fill our trash cans.  Then chinese investors buy our land and homes.

its the big o's way of turning everybody against the United States

China did not hack North Korea. The culprit is probably South Korea.

We should drop nuclear bombs on China and any other country that challenges our right to be the world's policeman -- but we must take special precautions not to harm the fetuses or any American-owned Panda Express franchise outlets.

one thing we learned as children. never kick a sleeping dog. The US spends its life not learning a thing.

Dummy Howard - open ur eyes. Your GOP and US corporations are responsible.

We already know the extent how serious this cybersecurity theft issue is.  The Chinese are guilty as sin.  They can deny all they want.  The Chinese government would look you straight in the eye and lie right to your face and smile.  They are liars, theives and criminals and they know it.Its time for the USA to really tighten the screws on Chinese trade with our country, and big time.  Its not an option to do otherwise. Tighten it so tightly that Chinese trade here slowly disappears.  Once that is done with real teeth, they will get the message.  They stand to lose billions of dollars in economic activity if that comes to pass.

China is so far superior to the US when it comes to PR that its laughable. They laugh and the few Americans who get it laugh. The US is fully incompetent in PR. This, actually, is our most serious security concern because it completely stops any momentun to countermeasure in its tracks. The average Chinese working class person is far more insightful than our elected. It sounds silly to say this, but sadly, it's literaly true.

liar liar your pant on fireNew Chinese Premier Li Keqiang dismissed hacking accusations against China as "groundless"...It's laughable!

We hack, they hack, all hack.

At the press conference open to world media, Premier Li made a number of positive policy statements such as greater government transparency, rule by law, improving livelihood of the people, and anti-corruption. Yet Yahoo only chooses to report on hacking. This  biased selective reporting deprives the public of a chance to be well-informed. Reprehensible!

I have a server that I watch....so far I have seen that alot of the people that are attacking that server, are from Germany, South Korea, and china. Doesn't go to say its the Chinese military though.

Who is surprise?

is this a kind of jokesusa rely on mandiant report - get conclusion that china had been hacking themusa does not know all these times, their cia or intelligence forces unable to figured out or traced the attackeruntil an unknown security company released a report.it seems that billion dollar spend on the defense  had gone into pocket .

go china tell america to stick it up there #$%$.

If we can deny that we have hackers that hack other countries, we can blame others. If we can deny that our military hack other countries, we can blame others. If we can tell other people our Pentagon do not house any computer specialist that hack other countries and our CIA or FBI do not hack other people or even its own people, we can start blaming other countries.If we can not deny those, we have a double standard. Do we have a double standard?

What do you think the american hackers do? Do you think the hackers in american military do, are thy nobler people? Did we use hacking in fighting iraq, or anything we rigghtfully or wrongly call terrorism? Did we support some terrorism and only call them terrorism later?

Stupid Americans always pointing fingers and making accusations without any evidence or details. Trust me, you won't be able to dig up any details on any of the accusations. Just like the supposedly reliable concrete evidence collected by US "intelligence " on Iraqi's WMD that threatened the US.China needs to get a big gift from the American people, A NUKE