Will most likely make this law retroactive,to capture the funds before the announcement.

Coming to a Bank near you...

,,Banks ended part of the problem,rather than the solution, this why banks needs to be regulated,,,

So much for NO taxation without representation! Take it out and keep it at home!

WHOA, Last time I checked the law; other than a court imposed fine or seizure, any grabbing of funds is classified as theft. I can't understand why, if banking is a major source of funds for the nation, would they seize a percentage of it. Maybe a lot of the funds in the banks there are actually foreign funds placed there; and if that's the case, then tax those funds and leave locals alone. If it was me, I wouldn't put another penny into a bank.

Cyprus can than Putin for this massice seisure of private funds..his billion dollar loan put the country over its max credit limit...once again wherever Russia goes...destruction..poverty..theft and war follows.... and those Russian expats..bunches and bunches of grafters and thieves have found out they didn't escape Putins long reach afterall....if he doesn't get his cut...he cuts as much flesh off as required to get even...!

That is not a tax...it was a seizure.

Money deposited in the Cayman Island banks aren't affected by the ruling and a lot of the wealthy people in Greece have their money either stashed in Swiss bank accounts or Cayman Island accounts.  They will just make sure that there is less than 100,000 Euros in their account so that they only have to pay the 6.5% tax and once the tax is paid, they will then be able to deposit millions.  As usual, it will only be the "poor" trying to save a penny that will be hurt.

Politicians and banks- sound familiar?

Once again abusive governments can't hold to a budget and the people get reamed. I am getting so sick of these elite power abusers who help themselves to our money when they screw up.This story scares the hell out of me. I'm sure Obama and his socialist Democrats have read the same article and are already salivating at the possibilities.

After Obama gets your gun he will take your money.

Convert your money into precious metal and bury it in your backyard, it's safer that way I assure you.

Preview of what will happen here

It's coming here, you can count on it!  Mr Obummer and his crew of National Socalist (Sounds like NAZI dosn"t It) are out to re-distribute our wealth to themselves.  Hold on to your guns!

The USA can steal your savings by printing more money which devalues your savings.....Small countries in the Euro Zone can not print, they have to steal it without printing.

@David F, you realize that taxation without representation is an American ideology right?

This is not a loan but a tax by the banks on their customers for the mistakes the banks made

Thank God for government. Without their confiscation of people's money and the judicious use of this money, half the countries in Europe would be in economic ruin. Wait a minute.

#$%$ YOU YAHOOWHERE'S MY #$%$ COMMENT

Not just in teh Vatican, along with the new Pope it seems Argentina has arrived to the Eurozone too. A Euro-corralito. Amazing!

*** VIVA LA REVOLUTION*** This is nothing more then a TOTAL p-take! the IMF &amp; EU #$%$ should be ashamed of themselves and should be removed from their positions! i dont have an issue with the billionaires or millionaires its the people who have worked all their lives who will really miss the money that i feel sorry for....Cyprus will collapse soon as the picture is so clear now there will be no one investing in its banks due to the levy then the banks will go under causing Cyprus to go bankrupt after using all the bailout trying to sustain movement in its market which wont happen..investors will run from there no one will invest...&amp; the SOB's that are robbing people of their money will start the final phase of the EU MELTDOWN!..its all about to go pete tong! the EU is like a pack of cards stood on end and the EU coffers are about to come running in the room slamming the door open..watch them cards fall!