Imagine the riots resulting from entitlement cuts in the US!Ever try taking an EBT card or government cell phone from a crackhead?

In studying the current economic climate in France and then their history; you'd have to imagine that one would realize that their current path is one of failure and gloom.  The sad part is that instead of pointing our country in the opposite direction of France, Obama seems to be following theirs.

Well, it seems the socialists are running out of other people's money to spend.

How about that - the entitled French don't want any new taxes, but don't want to cut government spending.  Seems socialism is at an impasse, eh?

Everyone knows they need to make cuts to survive, but no one wants to be the one to take a cut.

Read: Fenchies continue to want something for nothing...

they sound like our Dems on welffare overhaul....

All those ash wholes need to do is work 40 hours a week for 30 years then enjoy the next 5 or  years on a nice pension...... financial troubles solved.....

One day the French will protest cuts in government spending, the next day they'll protest raising taxes to pay for those goodies.

here come the thieves - time to take out your money and runSocialism fails.  Always.  That's why Jack wad Obama and the democrats are so scared of their own Marxist tendencies.  Down the toilet we go!

The French unemployment rate is over 10%.    Is that what Obama wants for America?

Who in their right mind would ever vote for an increase on fuel??

they want their benefits. they sound like americans!

Pensions &amp; social security should be linked to inflation.  If not, no cost incentive to control prices will cause rates to increase...  just like in the '70's.  NEVER AGAIN...  PLEASE!!!

Why should the French pay more taxes, which are used to import and support masses of Blacks and Middle Easterners who are working to outbreed and annihilate the indigenous French?

Go France GoDo everything Obama wantsTake it allthen maybe US voters will get a clue!!!! and vote the bums out

In other words, once you GIVE, you can no longer expect people not to GET.  Something similar is happening with our federal government.  Creating a dependent class.  Been happening since the Great Society programs began in the 60's.

They want everything but no discomfort to get them. I wish we did not have higher taxes on Diesel than gas here.

awwwww......zeeeee french dont want to trim their bloated pensions much like the problem her ein the US....I say to my misguided frend colleagues, dont change ur pension system, go BK, move out of france and let us ugle americans invade your stuck up over hyped country for vacation pruposes......no pension reform = going BK!!!!!!!France is a communist failure...

What do we want? FREE STUFF! How much do we want? LOTS OF IT! When do we want it? ALWAYS! Who should pay for it? SOMEBODY ELSE!

So funny, LIBERALS, (there's and ours) appose a lot but have no idea where the money will come from! They are so used to spending other peoples money they just don't have a clue!

Mr. Hollande is caught between a rock and a hard place.  As the champions of Socialism in France, he and his followers were elected to undue the "damage" of the Chirac/Sarkozy Conservatives.  But  with Europe in a financial crisis, the Euro in turmoil and the imposition of spending cuts imposed on the other sinking economies in the EU; Spain, Italy, Greece, Portugal, etc; Hollande is balancing a flat or shrinking French economy, high unemployment due to business-unfriendly policies, high corporate and individual tax rates, while trying to win concessions from the very people who put him in office so that he doesn't make the unemployment situation worse.  Trouble is, the French people have been used to their government pensions, short work weeks, and short work lives, they are not at the least interested in given out concessions.  So the only way for French government to generate the capital it needs to pay its liabilities is to delay the austerity measures imposed on it by the EU, which would have the effect of France borrowing money from Germany and the other members so it can stay afloat.  Maybe its time for France to leave the Euro and controls its own destiny, and just call the Euro experiment a failure; move on.  That way France can print all the "francs" it needs to pay for pensions and social benefits. Just don't try to buy anything that is made outside of France because the "franc" won't be worth much!

The pain of austerity is ok as long as its hurting someone else. Look at leftist government policy around the world and wake up America. As things stand now this is coming your way soon!!

The problem is, the government takes huge amounts of money from people, promising to use it for things like Social Security and Pensions, but instead they use it for actual welfare instead of entitlement programs people paid for.   So of course people are going to be irritated when they've paid  taxes for 40 years and the government wants to cut their pension because they spent it buying votes.

"Some 75 percent of respondents reject a deal on Wednesday in which unions and employers agreed on adjusting private sector pensions by less than the rate of inflation, the Ifop poll for the Journal du Dimanche newspaper showed."Yea  private sector, you let me know how that goes for ya, OK?

So the Frogs want more free stuff.......................kinda like the liberal assdrip Demorats in this country. Now exactly WHO is surprised by that???

The French  people would rather go bankrupt as a country than give up welfare entitlements.  Yes, welfare.  Getting far more back than they ever contributed.

Zee Franch are SUCH a democratic country...with advice for ALL other countries trying to stay united....well, their collective, arrogant mindset is coming back to BITE 'EM ONNA #$%$......A govt. cellphone?Who has govt. phones?

Here's how it works in the newly created CONSERVATIVE mind.......ROB, PLUNDER, and STEAL from government TRUST FUNDS called SOCIAL SECURITY SECURITY AND MEDICARE........Those same trust funds that are funded by ORDINARY PEOPLE's paychecks and employer contributions......HAND OVER the cash to wealthy individuals and corporations making BILLIONS in profits in the form of tax subsidies, tax loopholes, and tax cuts........START UP CRAZY WARS which cost TRILLIONS and NEVER pay one dime for it!  THEN when the POOR SUCKERS aka the people who paid in their money ACTUALLY want THEY PAID FOR,,,,,,,,,,,,,CALL those TRUST FUNDS,,,,,,,,ENTITLEMENT PROGRAMS.........Try and con THE POOR SUCKERS into believing that YOU are giving them something they never earned............HOPE THEY BUY IT!  ahhh.  It failed miserably in the last election.....How much u want to bet the CON will fail even worse in 2014?

french public have to pay for the wars french are starting and to give israel

At least the French have to cut. In the over rated US, the Great Satin, workers are screwed. MUllah, Bullah!

LOL, the usual loser Repubs commenting on social programs. They are either rich and don't have to worry, or they are bleeding the system dry and are disability with "a bad back".

Maybe France should face the same 10% tax on all savings just like Cyrpus to save the Government

Solution is very simple: first of all cut down welfare for immigrants and put them to work.