the parents of this #$%$ should be the ones on trail!!  raise your own damn kids....dont dump them to terrorize grandma......

So what is the verdict? So stupid to post the story until you have something to report.

Here's what the other news sources are reporting, which apparently Yahoo was incapable of:  Guilty of 2nd Degree Murder.

How about the parents??

I think the judge/jury  should also convict the negligent parents of the boy who would leave such a kid with an elderly grandparent. She is too old to deal with a teenager, much less a punk who is on drugs.This trial should not be over.

AP is to journalism as the K-Car was to the automobile.

So apparently the jurors reached a verdict but aren't going to tell anyone what it is.

Plead the bad memory that is when I shot him once but I forgot If I did,so I shot him again and so forth.

Guilty of 2nd degree murder.Kid was out of control but she had plenty of time to have him removed from her home rather than shoot him.

Stupid #$%$ yahoo, WHAT IS THE VERDICT??Robert Hassan /1/ Grand ma used to work in NYPD 2/ Never missing target 3/She will  get  Free Medical 4/ High security in Prison .

Seriously ? Why post this story without the verdict ?

Well, that's one way to bring discipline back to homes.

wheres the friggen verdict? are you kidding me yahoo?

Guilty of 2nd degree murder

@ Chrissy, thanks for posting the verdict so we all know what happened.Very sad situation.

Where are the parents now?  Did they go to the trial?  Nothing has been said about them except they moved to AZ and got a divorce.

This is what you get when you have deadbeat parents around who don't want to take responsibility for their kid!   Hopefully grandma will get a full pardon!

Granny Get Your Gun ! .... Six shots, Six Bull's Eye's  !  This old gal must be Annie Oakley's granddaughter  !

And the verdict is?You suck!so whats the verdict, some reporter forgot to tell us the verdict.

Well ?!

what kind of a lame brained #$%$ headlines a story stating that a verdict has been reached and then doesn't say what the verdict was?!!!!

My sentiments exactly. "WHY?"

Robert Hassan /Grand mother      Top  61/ Grand mother said I murdered,I shot,I killed 2/ No weapon being found with grandson 3/ She was alone,4/ He wanted to runaway from her 5/ Argument over money6/ Marijuana addiction 6/ Sounds like both of them were affected

Yeah, yeah.  Let us know when you know what the verdict IS, okay?More evidence of the debased state of American journalism.

the jury has reached the verdict that they will be reaching a verdict in the future in this case.

You know what this article could have used?  A simple statement: "The verdict will be read out on..." and a date.  Instead you wind up reading the article three times trying to figure out where it gave the results.  Heck, if you read the picture caption she's yet to testify.

Well???? What's the verdict???? Why are you reporting news that you apparently don't have?

2nd degree was appropriate.Dementia and guns don't mix.

And the verdict is............to be continued? What the hell?!

She was found guilty of 2nd degree. The streets will be much safer with her locked away ( not )

Acquit.

In other news, something else happened today.

Why was this 75 yr old woman left with the parents responsibility? They just turned their troubled son whom they couldn't deal with over to the elderly Grandmother and boogied right on out of the state.

What's the verdict?

I thought I'm the only one going cukoooo for missing verdict

So what is the verdict. So stupid to post story without any information. False headline.

So confusing.  What's the verdict ?  Does'nt say if she's found guilty or innocent.and the verdict is......no more of Grandma's cookies for him

The next story will say that she was sentenced, but won't say for how long.

well dum #$%$ whats the verdict you wasted my time once again

What does she care about the verdict?  She's 75 and probably wishes she had done something to the parent of the child before she/he could recreate.  Where ARE the parents, by the way?

by the way she is guilty of second degree murder! the writer was so caught up they forgot!!

"he was a great kid and didnt deserve this"   if he hit the grandmother... in her own home &gt;&gt;&gt;NO MATTER WHAT THE CIRCUMSTANCES&gt;   "great kid" is a BS sugar coating.  raise your own damn kids, dont dump them on someone else, if sthe mother was in AZ she should have found out how things were going and if need be, she could have found another place for the kid to live. nope, just blame the grandmother because you raised your kid to be a doochebag

This poor woman - I have felt so badly for her since this whole case started...

It wasn't her fault, she was shaking so hard the gun kept going off.

Good grief! Let the old woman go home.

No offense it would be harsh to convict any person of this age which is 75-years old on first degree murder. More like either second degree or manslaughter!Yahoo, where is the friggin verdict?  I wish she would walk free, she did society a favor.

She got convicted of second degree murder.

Dysfunctional family.  The grand kid was drugged up and the parents must be druggies too because they are constant no shows.  It was too much weight on granny's back.  Who can blame her.

HERE IS THE VERDICTPONTIAC, Mich. (AP) — A 75-year-old woman was convicted Tuesday of second-degree murder for killing her teenage grandson last spring in her Detroit-area home, after jurors rejected her claim that she shot him six times in self-defense.Sandra Layne cried quietly when she heard the verdict, which was delivered during the first full day of jury deliberations. She was also found guilty of using a firearm during a felony and likely faces at least 14 years in prison for the death of her grandson, Jonathan Hoffman.Defense attorney Jerome Sabbota said later that Layne was ‘‘devastated’’ by the verdict.But some family members had harsh words. Hoffman’s mother, Jennifer Hoffman, said her mother was a ‘‘monster’’ who deserved to go to prison.‘‘I'm glad she’s put away and can’t do harm to anyone else,’’ Jennifer Hoffman said outside court. ‘‘He was a great kid and didn’t deserve this.’’His father, Michael Hoffman, said the verdict was a ‘‘final vindication for my son.’’As Layne was handcuffed and being led out of court, some family members sitting with her 87-year-old husband, Fred, waved in a show of support. But she couldn’t make eye contact because there was a deputy in between blocking the view.Layne fired 10 shots at her 17-year-old grandson, striking him six times over a six-minute span during an argument last May in her home in West Bloomfield Township. She never disputed that she killed him, but she testified that she did so because he had hit her and she feared for her safety.The evidence included a recording of Jonathan Hoffman’s desperate call to 911 in which he pleads for help, even as more shots are fired.‘‘My grandma shot me. I'm going to die. Help. I got shot again,’’ he told the dispatcher as he gasped for air.Jurors declined to comment following the verdict, but they told attorneys during a private meeting that the 911 call was crucial to their decision. It revealed that Layne had left Hoffman bleeding but then returned with more gunfire.‘‘They said they played it over and over and over again’’ in the jury room, prosecutor Paul Walton said. ‘‘One of the big things they said is when you hear the shots on the (call) there’s no struggle.’’Sabbota said jurors found the ‘‘911 call was critical.’’The Oakland County jury had a choice of first-degree murder or lesser charges, or it could have acquitted Layne based on her argument of self-defense.In his closing argument, Walton told jurors that Layne never rushed out of the West Bloomfield Township home, despite claiming to be afraid of her grandson, and never called for an ambulance to help him after the shooting. She said she shot him after Hoffman struck her during a heated argument about money and a plan to flee Michigan because of a failed drug test.‘‘I wanted him to pay attention to me. He had to listen. It wasn’t a conversation. It was arguing. Swearing,’’ Layne said in tearful testimony last week, explaining why she pulled out a gun.Walton called Layne’s story ‘‘fanciful.’’ He pointed out that she never complained to police about being attacked. A hospital nurse who examined her after her arrest said Layne had no injuries and spoke lovingly about Hoffman.Sabbota asked jurors to view the incident through the eyes of a woman in her 70s. He said Layne was taking care of a teen who had used drugs and brought strangers to the home. Hoffman’s parents were living in Arizona during his senior year of high school, and they had their hands full with a daughter being treated for a brain tumor.After the verdicts were read, Sabbota said Layne has long been punishing herself and referred to her continued grief and regret.‘‘I've been saying it all along: We can’t do anything that she hasn’t already done to herself,’’ Sabbota said. ‘‘She punishes herself every day. The legal system does what the legal system does. The jury felt that it wasn’t appropriate self-defense. ‘‘

Verdict will be read on Wensday

Yahoo news sucks!

A+  reporting yahoo , nice to know i can get the facts and nothing but the facts.

When they shoot in self defense, why cant they shoot in the leg., and call police? I guess when panic, fear, and adrenaline kicks in u don't know what ur doing

Here a piece of advice.  Don't shoot and kill people in a state that does not have a Stand Your Ground law.  Those states have VERY high standards for "self defense".  Like you can't shoot a person more than 1-2 times (more is excessive force), or while they are laying on the ground, calling for help, there backs are turned or they run away.  You, the person holding the gun, have a legal DUTY to retreat!

Where the sentence with the damn verdict? Yahoo is #$%$!go granny go--home or jail.

False reporting should be as punishable as false charges.

Sorry jurors, sorry prosecution and sorry altogether.  Shame on everyone for this railroading B***T.  Especially you Paul Walton!  I'm appalled.

Mercy!!!

So the reached a verdict... WELL WHAT IS IT???

The whole story is BS. No body who looks like her lives in Deetroit.

Really?? How did they come to that conclusion? I'm not sure they really listened at trial here or someone was so persuesive in the jury room that they forgot about what the otherside had said about that moment? and i don't know who was really responsible for starting this who mess but it seems if your going to cover a story you might actually revel some facts readers believe are in that story based upon the headlines. and the Verdit is....................................................................cough ...!

She should have shot him once in the heart, and then claimed self defense......

Lack of parenting is being rewarded by putting this senior citizen in jail.  Put the parents in jail as well for dumping their problem on this lady.

she did society a favor. that junkie would have robbed someone if he didnt do so already.she belongs in africa.