Where have Oprah and Al been as "voices crying in the wilderness" and exposing the old thug Mugabe?  How about South Africa? How are they supporting an improved like for their neighbors in Zimbabwe.  Why hasn't Mandela spoken out about Mugabe?

I would feed Mugabe to hyenas

Zombie Police Raid Transylvania...cool

some in the country still practice cannibalism ,,,,,,Google it,,,,

This will never end until Mugabe is dead.

an improved life.....

Shocker... not really... and guess what, Mugabe will win the election. Despite getting 1 vote(his). Or, he will lose again, but not step down(again).two to the chest, one to the head.

black rule rocks..........lol...........

Mr Mugabe, tear down that wall and let the Whites back in.

I can't decide if the lack of comments on this story is because everyone believes Mugabe is going to win at anything he chooses using his thugs and therefore no one cares, or if people simply don't care about Africa in general.Robert Mugabe's name should be changed to Mobert Mugabe. He is a mobster.

When will the poor people of Zimbabwe finally string up their tyrant Mugabe from a tree in the city square..the world awaits word of his fall and death.Freedom seeking people of Zimbabwe, don't keep us waiting. 2013 is the year of your freedom..make it happen!!!

Mugabe is a thug and an economic imbecile.  How lucky we are in the U.S. that our President is only one of the two.

Typical Third World, Detroit style people. obamas 'brothers'.

Stupid Baboons will never be able to govern themselves. They have no critical thinking skills!

Wow......Michelle Obama is not aging well AT ALL.....

That is Africa for you! The world is now used to these things happening on the continent.  It appears to be the new normal nowadays. I usually wonder why the Whites had stable colonial governments as opposed to the Black run majorities of today. I see this as a disturbing trend in Africa today. The arrival of our Chinese "friends" does not augur well with my conscience either. What really happened here? Any thoughts, from someone? By the way, I am Black.

Tsvangirai's wife is beautiful

The People of the world deserve Liberty and Justice.  Visualize World Peace!  When there's Liberty and Justice for all.

Show me - outside of perhaps SA, where it doesn't occur throughout the continent. It won't end till Africa changes. Mugabe is just a product of post-colonial African politics. Perhaps once China owns the whole place, African politics will become calm and orderly. Right comrades? ;)The Rhodesians both black &amp; white bravely fought the communist Chinese &amp; Bolshevik backed racist black communist terrorists against overwhelming odds for years, but when the western liberal traitors had UN sanctions that the US,France, or Britain could have vetoed like they do all the time for israel, they didn't and went along with it. Now Rhodesia has been ethnically cleansed of not only the White Rhodesians, but of its prosperity, security, and beauty.  Now it is a place of poverty, fear, despair, aids, starvation, poverty, murder,and crime

one ugly dude

Hmmmm!! We must NOT forget - Mugabwe is O'bama's mentor - in economic policy, in morality in freedom of press and religious expression [NOTE - each of these is of the NOT in my house mottiff!] and in respect for political opposition!!BEWARE - the only difference is that Mugabwe didn't have drones to utilize 35 years ago!  Otherwise this opponent he now has to "Washington Post-ize" would have been doin daisy duty before HW left office!!

white people always want to hang african