Basically this is nothing more than a tax on the Cypriot people who saved and lived within their means

Don't even think, that could not happen here !

The little people getting screwed again to pay for the bankers #$%$!

People will only take this for so long...

A scaryscary run on banks coming on thursday when bank open  up. Report out  overthe weekend  cyprus peopleempty bank machine

What's the difference between taking money out of your bank account and the Obamacare 3.8% tax on proceeds over 200k when selling your house? Both take private property.

"Cypriot speaker of the house: vote on savings grab to be held as planned..." So I guess the proper protocol will be that John #$%$ gets to announce it when Obama and Bernanke grab ours... lol

A Leader Somewhere...: "You didn't earn that, someone else did".

Same thing happens in the US.  It's called a FEE

here in the US 0% interest on deposits for the last 10 years, and out of control money printing from the Fed is stealing way more than 10% on one time tax on deposit...the dollar is worth less, and less and less every month, about 85 billion per month less...The banks are frozen and have been since friday.You can't get or transfer anything.

They should just charge accounts held by foreigners, at a rate of double what they were planning.  That should cover it.

I still wouldn't trust keeping my money in the bank if I was in Cyprus.

funniest part is that all deposit in Cyprus have default insurance (like our FDIC), however this insurance is waived if the government chooses to bailout the defaulting institution with the depositors own money.  HOW DOES THIS MAKE ANY SENSE!!!  They jeopardising the integrity of banking and the markets with these politically motivated economic strategies.  terrible!!!

Defeated, folks.  Run for the hills!18.23 Apparently they voted with a show of hands.18.16 So they voted after all. And surprise surprise, the bank levy bill has been defeated. There were 36 votes against, and 19 abstentions. One MP didn't even show up. Cyprus's parliament has 56 seats.18.04 Michalis Sarris, Cyprus's finance minister, is definitely staying put. He's just sent Bloomberg a text message to say just that, the newswire reports.Reported by the Telegraph, UK

finally a Government with some balls, tells the troika to go home...I wish others will follow. When governing an island, I guess it is hard to hide ha...no choice but do what people wanted..

good they rejected it...!

Its all the same nonsense and crud.. just reworded differently...

When will Obama do it here.

This is what's going to happen: the banks will take a large % of the depositors’ money, and then the ‘old boy network’ (CEO’s, CFO’s, VP’s, etc.) will immediately get whale bonuses in case the banks fail, even though they are the one’s responsible for the banks’ failures. Hmm……Conclusion: if the Cyprus deal passes, the world banking system could fail AGAIN!I bet the dip buying in the market dry up today. I started to buy on the dip Friday when the market went down. The only problem with dip buying is when the market rollover and stay down.I thought the market did a good job yesterday shrugging off the news from Cyprus. However, not so today. I think I am going to rest with the dip buying until I get some clarify out of Cyprus.

Breaking news - there has been an unprecedented run on the banks in Cyprus as 89% of the population rushed today to withdraw all their savings ahead of the government's vote

I guess austerity is a bit too much to ask for?  How about cutting the salaries/benefits of government workers over there?  Better yet, make them work a full work week so there can be fewer workers required.I guess since the Germans are finally pushing back on these bailouts, the government is instead interested in the wealthy Russian investors.  Geez.

"The main party of President Nicos Anastasiades’s government coalition had said it would abstain from voting, a stance that virtually assured the measure could not succeed.Mr. Anastasiades and the Europe Union and International Monetary Fund are likely to return to the negotiating table. Analysts had also raised the possibility of bank runs, at least in Cyprus, and a cut-off of financing to Cypriot banks from the European Central Bank if the measure did not pass.Cypriot banks has been closed since Monday for a bank holiday that has been extended through Wednesday. But the lack of a bailout could mean banks might not re-open even on Thursday."

70% retroactive tax on the rich on liquid assets over 1 million dollars + 85% tax on offshore assets would go far to solve america's budget and debt woes why are we not doing it. It would also stimulate the economy as they finally spend the money that they squat on in order to not pay tax. Tax the rich save our country !!

i don't think it will go through because any politician vote yes will get a call from the Russian Mafia.

We need a 70% retroactive tax on all liquid assets over 1 million dollars tax the rich do it!!

I'll bet the politicians pulled their money weeks ago.....

Next stop:  USA.

Congratulations Cyprus. At least someone found some balls. Eff the bankers.I can hear the big wigs at Goldman Sach giggling!