He went rogue on the Bamksters....    John F. Kennedy: "The great free nations of the world must take control of our monetary problems if these problems are not to take control of us."  [and he tried]   On June 4, 1963, he signed Executive Order 11110 reauthorizing the Treasury to issue debt and interest free currency.  Kennedy planned to reduce, or even eliminate, the National debt [and the Fed] and lower taxes, but his effort ‘died’ along with him.  $4 billion had been issued in the six months up until his assassination.  Within days, production was stopped and the existing silver certificates began to be retired from circulation by the Fed.

Incredulous...First, according to the US Census Bureau estimates, there are more than 6.4 Billion People. We crossed the 7 Billion mark last June.As for a Functional Currency of the World? I am NOT seeking a World Currency as that will lead to a One World Government. If one can control an Economy by the issuance of a Currency then one can control the World.As for Gold it is already a Universal Currency controlled by no Government...for long. Believe me that our current World Governments have tried...and failed miserably. Thank you, Jesus.My concern about the rest of the World is the least of my concerns.It is a matter of priorities. Here are the list on my prioritiesI am concerned first about my God.Second I am concerned with taking care of myself as, if I cannot do that, then I am useless to others. Next I am concerned about my Family and Extended Family (my friends).Following that in order I am concerned about my immediate neighbors, my community, my county, my State and my Nation.Finally after that I am concerned about the World.I am certain that your list is similar if you think about it.Buy Gold, dude, and take care of yourself. Peace be with you. We will get through this. (In what shape I do not know...But we will get through this.)

Henry Ford, 1928…            “It is well enough that people of the nation do not understandour banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would  be  a  revolution  before tomorrow morning.”

"Most Americans have no real understanding of the operation of the international money lenders... The accounts of the Federal Reserve System have never been audited. It operates outside the control of Congress and...  manipulates the credit of the United States."Barry Goldwater

Back in the early seventies, you could take a Silver 1964 Quarter and buy a gallon of Gasoline....One paper dollar bought 4 gallons of gasoline..Today that same Silver Quarter will buy one gallon of gasoline ,and it will take 4 paper dollars to buy a gallon of gasoline..It doesn't take a Math wiZ to see how Silver has held it's value and the paper dollars has gotten crushed by Inflation....

Audit the Fed. Lets all see what is really in our account.

“Let me issue and control a nation's money, and I care not who writes its laws"Mayer Amschel Rothschild, 1790(Patriarch European banking dynasty)

Finally, this is why Lybia was taken over. The Lybian dictator decided he would use precious metals as currency and he had a lot of it/ this will immediately give the owners of that money a value much higher than the worthless dollar that has nothing to back it up with

Pathetic AP, the future ministry of PROPAGANDA.  "These doomsayers" are exactly correct.  The U.S. dollar has NO future except hyperinflation and fireplace fodder.

Franklin Delano Roosevelt:“The real truth of the matter is, as you and I know, that a financial element in the large centers has owned the government ever since the days of Andrew Jackson.”

Go for it Arizona. Take the lead!  It would be a really interesting "wrinkle" for the FED and the state of Arizona and the government in general. Nevada may follow suit and a few others....LOL. That would put a crinkle in the DC panties!"These doomsayers"  The dollar has lost 97% of it's value since the FED started.  That's not doomsaying, that's accepting reality.

Abraham Lincoln also took on the bankers…  The Bankers were going to charge him 24% to 36% interest to finance the War.  So Lincoln advised Congress to pass a law authorizing the printing of full legal tender Treasury notes to pay for the War effort.  These Treasury notes were a debt free and Interest free money, saying… “The Government should create, issue, and circulate all the currency and credits needed to satisfy the spending power of the Government and the buying power of consumers. By the adoption of these principles, the taxpayers will be saved immense sums of interest. Money will cease to be master and become the servant of humanity.”After Lincoln’s assassination, Congress revoked the Greenback Law and enacted, in its place, the National Banking Act.  The national banks were to be to be privately owned and the notes [not money] they issued were to be interest bearing debt.

The general public, half of whom are on Government Wellfare and Gov. Handouts, does not comprehend that the Federal Reserves' printing of money, by the tens of billions of dollars every week is the way to financial ruin. This process is a HIDDEN TAX! Once the interest rate will start to rise, what will the Fed do? Continue to flood the economy with cheap money or stop printing, either way a financial catastrophe is in the making!

if you want your eyes opened, a very good educational film about all of this and why it is important can be found free on the web.... 'Money as Debt'

The 17-11 partisan vote passed by the republican led senate. Makes me ask "why would the Democrats be against having money that actually has value? The only answer they give is businesses don't have equipment to determine the value of gold and silver. Do they mean a $5 calculator and a newspaper. Silver is $28.80 and you just gave me a 1/2 ounce silver coin . Sorry but I was dumbed down in school and can't divide $28.80 by 2 without special equipment.

In the end, you will want to own gold and silver. The long term outlook for the U.S. dollar is bleak. The states are right to back precious metals as currency, but the FEDS will never go along with this and undermine the Federal Reserve. Got to keep printing funny money.

The states are specifically allowed to make gold and silver coin lawful currency in the Constitution.  It's a great idea to have an alternative currency that isn't subject to inflation.

I have been doing similar for years. No gold or silver but lots of goods in trade for labor. Lots of people have been willing to pay me this way. I have gotten a car, truck, trailer, tools, food, plants, furniture. The world would be a much better place if we just did away with money.

soooooo.....   think about it some...   of the 4 presidents who actually did or tried something to end the rule of a privately owned central bank like the FED, 3 were assasinated (Lincoln, Garfield, and JFK) and the 4th andrew jackson fought off his attacker with his cane

Arizona rocks! Arizona treats its citizens like adults.James Garfield believed who controlled the manufactory’ of paper money would be… “…the absolute dictator of the financial and business affairs of this country.” [Assassinated]

“They [banks] own this place [Senate]” - Senator Richard Durbin, May 2009

Big-Government supporters always tell you countless reasons why you should not own gold and silver, then give you countless reasons why you should give all your gold and silver to the government, lest you be considered a radical. So what do you think you should do?

Why does it cost me $80 to fill up my gas tank?  It used to cost $30 just a few years ago.  Is there something wrong with my money?   Oh yes, there is.  It is called QE1, QE2, QE3, QE4, etc.  I never had problems like this with gold or silver.

Finally someone in government. saying what is on everyone's mind

Virginia is also looking into this concept.

Backed by the "Full Faith and Credit of the US Government" just doesn't mean what it USED to mean.

I would bet these lawmakers and others in high places have all the gold in their warehouse by now.

They could have gold/silver banks that check the value, businesses don't need to always check if we use debit cards.. And we live in a so called free country, so we should use what we want.

The only trouble is the Government can simply pass a law making the ownership of gold as currency illegal and set the price as FDR did in the Depression.The American Dollar is backed by the "full faith and credit of the United States," which is to say that it is not backed by gold. Dollars have value because people accept them as payment for goods and services on the expectation that they others will do likewise. I hate to tell you (not really) that those pieces of paper in your wallet are just pieces of paper, nice paper but paper nonetheless.

Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz had argued the Fed caused the Great Depression.  Instead of reform it, Friedman said he’d  “prefer to abolish the Federal Reserve System altogether…”      In 2002 Ben Bernanke remarked: “…I would like to say to Milton and Anna: Regarding the Great Depression. “You're right, we did it. We're very sorry. But thanks to you, we won't do it again.”

I would gladly accept gold or silver any day for payment of goods and services.  Gold and silver has certainly held its value better than a paper dollar over the past few years.  I don't see why liberals' panties are all in a bunch after learning about this simple idea.  It is not anti-American at all.

A 2008-2009 partial audit of the federal reserve found that the federal reserve gave away $16 trillion to foreign banks.  The entire sum of the national debt and the FED printed it up and gave it away.

Am thinking that if the currency actually collapsed I'd be better off with guns and a good supply of canned food than a hoard of silver &amp; gold.

The federal government might forbid the states from using their own currency, but how do they explain Congress delegating their responsibility to coin and regulate the nation's money over to a privately owned federal reserve system? This should nullify any claims the federal government has in being the sole proprietor of the nation's currency.

Actually, if I recall correctly, under the Constitution, states ARE allowed to mint coins from gold."This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state,"  is an amazingly bizarre statement, as the Fed is allegedly  a private corporation...  So now a Corp. outranks govt?

You find a chest full of dollars and a chest full of Roman gold coins.  Which do you take?  There is no Roman government around anymore to back their currency, so is it still worth anything?  There is a reason gold has been the universal currency for 5000 years.

The Fed needs to be audited as to how much of US bonds they are buying, how much they are propping up the stock market, why interest rates are suppressed.

Why do you think the German's, after 60+ years, pulled all their gold out of NYC and moved it to Frankfurt? They've seen this act play out before..I will be out of the dollar within 1 year.  Converting soon to be worthless dollars to: gold, silver, land, durables.

They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver....they do not have the internet?  Ahh...okay!

what did that idiot say about the FEDERAL RESERVE having the say in what is legal tender... perhaps the US TREASURY is the ones who need to get the FEDERAL RESERVE in line with protecting the stability of the DOLLAR

This is very dangerous territory to put yourself into.  Qaddafi?  Killed because he wanted to move to a unified currecy that was based off of the gold standard.  Arab Spring?  It happened because behind the veil, those were the countries that wanted to follow Qaddafi in creating a rival currency backed by gold.  Hussein?  He was toppled for being in league with the rise and desire to go to a currency that was backed by gold.  JFK?  He wanted to leave the Federal Reserves and was about to destroy the Federal Reserves.  He even created what was called The U.S Note to replace the Dollar.  Killed in Dallas for it.  Anytime you have a country that makes moves to leave the U.S Dollar as it´s official trading currency because of it being the worlds reserve currency, they end up with trumped up charges against them to justify sanctions, a revolution, or just outright invasion to topple the government trying to do it.  Now if the Banking Cartels of the world who control the central banks of the world are this vicious about people wanting to run and rule themselves, what makes you think they will just sit idle in their backyard and just let this happen?  Beware of what you try to do.  Yes those were moves to make things better for their people and I commend that. Sad that the price they had to pay for trying to increase quality of life in their countries was blood.  If they went after them with such violent focus, don´t think for one minute you are exempt from that kind of wrath just because you live in the U.S.  You´re not.

Seems like all presidents that legislated our currency were either assassinated or wounded.Check history,started with president Lincoln protecting the green back and the latest was Kennedy, and some presidents in between.

Here is yet another bubble.  The sooner gold rises, the sooner it will fall.  600 an ounce within the next 24 months.

Gold is hard to chew and paper tastes funny . Neither have much nutrition. Metal is hard to carry and paper tears easily when wet. I can carry my tools in my head.

Under the leadership of President Franklin Roosevelt, it was made illegal to own gold. On April 5 1933, Roosevelt ordered all citizens to surrender their gold — no person could hold more than $100 in gold coins, except for collector’s coins. FDR also made it unlawful to export gold for payment abroad, unless done through the Treasury. The penalty for defying Roosevelt was 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

What was that fellow's name who was running for President and was scoffed at?  Something Paul?

Why don't we just use pesos so that our 25 million new adopted illegals won't have to learn (to steal) a new currency?If there were some way to ensure that this wouldn't widen further the already fairly massive wealth inequality that exists in this country, fine. But that's probably not the case. Any astute person may have been noticing that there have been two types of commercial advertisements going around mass media in recent years. The first one encourages people to sell their gold and other precious jewelry to various dealers for cash. The second one is encouraging people to buy such precious metals as a reserve in case the dollar goes belly up. Such commercials coinciding together like that, along with this new development in the Arizona legislature...it seems too much to be a coincidence, much like when Jean luc Picard noticed the three tachyon beams converging on the Star Trek episode, All Good Things.I'm normally not one to leap to conspiracy theories unless there is some fairly strong evidence to suggest that such a theory may well be credible. This just seems to be too much of a coincidence though. Better start watching what laws are being brought forth in your state legislatures, and what they're supposed to do. And for goodness sakes, research and think before you vote in 2014 and 2016!!! (not endorsing any specific party in this case...but perhaps people can start considering minor parties for once).

What would YOU rather have?Gold, that even if the commodity price on wall street drops, will never lose complete value?OrPaper money, that the FED keeps printing like it was toilet paper?

cheney said debt didn't matter.... and he was probably right while the dollar is the world's reserve currency..... once it isn't.....   instant 3rd world status for us.... why do you think they were looking into the trillion dollar coin recently

good idea yes a dollar the size of the dot at the end of sentence hooray. that will be what ends up. lol

Go Arizona.

It'll be ok as long as I have enough to buy a samich

"Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver."  What, no one has a computer or android phone to look up the spot price for gold or silver and no one can buy a standard scale?  I think we need to ban Assualt-Democrates with high-capacity for displaying stupidity and ignorance.  Remember Utah is already doing this apparently it's working just fine over there or the media would have drowned us in the faults of the enterprise by now.

Another terrific reason to LOVE Arizona-----

Maybe Nevada will follow suit and then Texas and a few others. Then maybe they may get the message that some folks are fed up with their antics and lies.

The End Game is near. People are waking up to the fact the Federal Reserve Note is worth far less than 1oz of gold or silver. The Fed has caused every major crash and inflation period. Banks only have $10 out of every $100 you think you have in your bank account.I'm outa here by the end of 2014. I hope the wheels don't fall off until I'm gone. Sorry guys, it's every man for himself now. This government cannot be changed from it's free fall. Good luck.

Thieving politicians and bankers can't print gold and silver for themselves.  They shouldn't even need a bill because the Constitution says no state can make anything BUT gold and silver legal tender.

"Gold rose $12, nearly 1 percent, to $1,604.60 per ounce"  There is 1.29 dollars to the euro.  Which would you rather have?

I find it funny how we label people crazy because the want to use gold and silver as currency becasue they dont trust the Fed. You people realize that the dollar is not even worth its own value, its worth like 83 cents. The more the fed prints the less it is worth, if was worth the actual value then oil and other commodities would not cost as much.

No kidding, If one state does it , it would start a #$%$ can of the entire paper money system, I know I'd go to silver real quick.

Why does being realistic make you a "doomsayer"?

The Dems won't allow it, because they'll lose some of their control over you.

Make troy ounce coins again and have them fluctuate with the printing of paper as they did in the past, a silver dollar coin would be worth $28.87 today. Then burn all paper money until it was worth $1, then quit printing extra money.

Some think President Kennedy was assassinated because he wanted to go back to the silver and gold standard.

Just goes to show that faith in our country as a solid world leader and financial institution is failing, especially with our growing debt is fading.  W/ a gov't who thinks they can get out of debt by simply printing more money(which causes a devaluing of our dollar, which as anyone w/ a econ. background would know)  how long can we continue?Fiat currency is a huge ponzi scheme and all ponzi schemes collapse.It's not a matter of if but of when.   Keeping your head in the sand won't help.

I have lost everything in a 401 k ..Almost all I have for retirement , besides a couple of IRAs is precious metals in my hand ..It has gained more in the last 7 years than anything else ...buy gold now !!!!...buy silver now !!!!!

If I take a gold coin to Fry's, let's say $10.00 face value, and buy a loaf of bread, what will I get back in change?This needs some figgerin'.

“The control [of currency] should be lodged with the Government, and should be safeguarded against manipulation by Wall Street or the large interests.   It should be made impossible to use the machinery or perquisites of the currency system for any speculative purposes. The country must be safeguarded against the overexpansion or unjust contraction of either credit or circulating medium.”       Teddy Roosevelt

Arizona would not exist without federal project water pipeline delivery's. Can't last long without water.

End the Federal Reserve?

Virgina looked into printing their own curentcy recently. This economic gloom and doom attitude seems to be spreading!

did you know we actually lost the war of 1812 and that it was fought over a central bank...  James Madison vehemently opposed Hamilton’s push for the first central bank in 1791 and denied its renewal in 1811.  Also in 1811, Nathan Mayer Rothschild warned:  "Either the application for renewal of the charter is granted, or the United States will find itself involved in a most disastrous war." And…  "Teach those impudent Americans a lesson. Bring them back to colonial status."  After the war of 1812, Madison changed his position and supported the bank in 1816.

AMERICA:  FREEDOM TO FACISM...   a film by Aaron Russo that's a must see, likely had something to do with his untimely death

Reading charted data, gold would be fairly priced at $1000, but like any bubble asset, it is likely going to overachieve that target on the downside.How does one buy gas with gold?

Rep Rosanna Gabaldon needs to remember that the Federal Reserve Bank is in fact a privately held bank and NOT a government entity. The federal reserve act of 1913 was a fraud committed against the people of the United States. Do the research, Representative Gabaldon...you were elected to serve the people, so you should at least have knowledge of the subject you are speaking on. For the past 100 years, the governemnt has enriched the bankers at the cost of the stability of our monetary system.

In 1971, President Richard Nixon formally abandoned the gold standard.........And America has been on a down fall ever since !

Arizona s great. Anybody takin a jab at the feds gets my thumbs up

These are the same people who think that after society collapses, their bunker of freeze dried chicken alfredo will allow them to rule their own person fiefdom of buckskin clad supermodels...

When we see that psycho socialists in Europe think it's perfectly OK to tax money from bank deposits - I think it's time to send the message that money is not theirs to control any way they want.

Like the democrats would actually let a person or business choose to operate outside of government control.

china is hoarding gold and also took all there money from our stock market. our government also sells the same bar of gold to 2 different countries just to keep the dollar going. its all one big ponzie skeam and is already crashing.

Well hopefully the central banks won't "freeze" deposits here in the USA at any point. I wonder how those deposit holders in Cyprus feel about their deposits being held while the country decides how it will handle their funds?  I would say that is a good argument for gold and silver, BWIK?

Today's best investment is an Angus bull and 20 chickens.The declining value of the dollar...  and what is to blame for this?  Governement spending!!!!!  Yet Big O and the Dummycrats want to spend spend spend!  Complete morons!

Now that is a promising idea. Undermine the dollar and bring the federal government back to it's senses.

I could never live in that State because it's so hot, but I sure appreciate their #$%$!

This is a sign of things to come.

Love it.  Hate "paper money" (paper money, never holds its value.  Used to be able to buy GAS@ 25c / gallon, but now it about $4.)But an OLD Silver Quarter,, will STILL buy a Gallon of gas (because its scrap value is $5 right now)... and you'll get a paper $1 back in change.

Since the Federal Reserve's founding in 1913 the dollar has lost 98% of its value.  Its value will continue to erode as more public debt is accumulated and the Treasury Department prints more dollars to pay for it.  Do what you can to get a decent return on savings because the dollar's value will continue to erode steadily in coming years.

Soon Chickens and corn will be legal tender and the $ will be used as TP.

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon.So this ignorant fool thinks that a corporate bank, not a state government should determine the financial fate of it's citizens..

I'm pretty liberal, but I think this is an awesome idea.

Some days I wish I lived in Arizona. Other days, no.Ok so paper money is only worth something because we believe it is, right? How is gold any different? Gold is not useful for much other than making jewelry which if the economy collapses is going to be the least of people's concerns. It is used in some electronics, but copper and tin are WAY more common. There is little real intrinsic value to gold other than it is shiny.

Gold, silver, platinum, copper or a pack of cigarettes is all fair in a barter system.  After all, would you rather have something that says "One Dollar", or something that is worth approximately one dollar.

There has to be some reason that countries like Germany are coming to N.Y. to get their gold back that they had stored there for FIFTY years!

What is so crazy about wanting to use gold or silver for currency? It was used for thousands of years before fiat money.

Let's see....an old $20 double eagle weighs in at one ounce. Today, one ounce of gold is valued at, say, $1,600 dollars. That's about 80 times the face value ($20) of that gold double eagle. So, in order to have a dollar's worth of gold, in coin form at today's prices, that one ounce double eagle would have to be cut down to ONE-EIGHTIETH of its size...instead of carrying around an ounce of gold, you'd be carrying around one-eightieth of an ounce of gold: for each dollar. Just how long do you think it would take to lose a coin that small? Five minutes? An hour?And as gold fluctuates in price DAILY, takers would have to cover themselves by DISCOUNTING it's value during the sales transaction just to cover themselves from any downward fluctuation. And, finally, what process would there be to even assure the holder that his gold was actually gold?Incidentally, I grew up in a hard-rock gold mining family and, while in Alaska, have handled hundreds of raw gold transactions between miners and smelters so know how hard it is for the novice to identify real gold and, then, to place a proper value on it. In other words.....lot's of luck!!Instead of political posturing, why aren't these fools creating jobs in their states? We certainly need jobs more than this kind of idiocy.

Except for limited industrial uses and jewelry, gold and silver have just about as much value to the typical person as a greenback.  Gold and silver derive their value as currency from the same source as paper money - from mutual agreement to accept them as a medium of exchange.You can not eat gold or silver, heat your home, fuel your car, assuage your thirst or wear as clothing or do anything else necessary for survival.  In fact, you generally have to exchange gold or silver for paper dollars, or for bits and bytes in a computerized bank account, before you can engage in a transaction to obtain those things which are necessary for survival.You need to back the dollar with something without which you will die if you wish to back the dollar with something of intrinsic, universal value.  The commodity which meets this definition is energy.  Without access to a source of energy you will die.  You can obtain, or manufacture, anything which you need if you have access to a source of energy.I would rather have a cord of wood for my woodstove than a bar of gold or silver.

For thousands and thousands of years, even through the times of complete civilizations collapse and extinction from this planet. Gold has held it's value

The US dollar is a fiat currency, based on nothing more than the "full faith and credit" of the US Government, which quadrupled our money supply in the past 4 years by the way.   Every fiat currency that ever existed in the history of the world eventually became worthless.  If you don't believe that, then why did things that cost 5 cents 100 years ago now cost two dollars?  On the other hand, gold and silver held their value for thousands of years.

What a bunch of nut cases.  Why do they seem to concentrate in Southern states?

How about USA coins made from the actual metals?Dollar, half-dollar, and quarter dollar in silver.Nickel from actual nickel.Dimes in copper?Bigger currency in gold?I find it amazing that people still believe that the Federal Reserve Bank and the IRS are united States of America government entities.  They are not.  The Federal Reserve is and always has been a Private Bank owned by real private people,  and the IRS is its collection army.  They are the ones who own Washington and the assets of the country.  The 'country' is in debt to them almost $17,000,000,000,000 dollars (what ever a dollar is).  There is no such thing as 'money' in the US, only the exchanging of debt notes.  Read your dollar bill.  Federal Reserve NOTE.

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.This should be addressed by the Department of the Treasury.  The Federal Reserve has no business in the business of our Nation's currency.

Now this is some GREAT NEWS. Take the Monopoly of creating money out of Governments hands. This will save us all!

Monumentally asinine idea ..... you may as well just declare the 'the states' no longer united as each one develops it's own economy and currency.Is the gold in Phoenix worth more then the gold in Alabama? Who sets the rates?These nitwits can't even run the govts they have now......

Their actions have Historical background, until the mid 1850, privately minted and foreign coins of gold and silver were accepted for use in the United States!

Ponder this...in the event that the European Union can not get their economic house in order and the Euro goes away...What will the a euros that people have in their change drawer be worth? Now...What will the gold coins they have in their safe be worth?An ounce of gold has just about always equaled a good week's pay. The difference is the unit against which it is measured.If you hold that as the fixed unit, it is easy to see how the world's fiat currencies have lost so much of their value over the decades.

Associated Press (aka Administration Press) really doesn't like Arizona, do they?

If the economy actually did collapse, I think we'd skip to the barter system.  You can't eat gold or silver, and it only has value if those with the necessities you need to survive are willing to accept it as payment.  Considering the high price of gold and silver now, people trying to prepare for a return to the gold standard by converting their wealth into gold or silver coins would be an expensive proposition.  With no clear idea of what the actual true value of precious metals would be after an economic collapse.  If you go to a farmer to buy a basket of corn and offer gold for it, and he refused but states that if you had some rifle or pistol ammo he might trade you the corn for that...your gold won't get you that corn unless you can trade it with someone else for the ammo the farmer wants. The emphasis will be on having trade goods that have the greatest demand, and some cheap common stuff available now could be worth a great deal more than gold.

Only in AZ.

Never had all these problems until America went off the gold standard..........Ahhh!!! the Gold Standard when was that in place? Didn't Nixon stop the run on the US Gold reserve when OPEC started their call for the Gold??

We should have never gone off of the gold standard , all we have now is a worthless piece of paper (an i o u ) and that's all it is .

Wasn't it Chaney who said,, "deficit's are irrelevant!"  And the borrowing for Iraq II began!

Going off the gold standard was the worst idea ever.  And here we are with fiat money for an economy,, running on a false promise to pay.  Money is not money anymore,, it is worthless and a big scam!

FDIC insures your bank deposits up to $250,000 for each account.  They have 25 Billion dollars set aside for this purpose.  Only one problems.  The banks has derivates that total 300 Trillion.  If these cards fall, what happens to your money will make Cyprus just small potatoes.

""This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley."The "Federal Reserve" is not even a Government entity. Let the people of Arizona do what they choose as long is it is in favor of the majority... These Officials are supposed to work for the people, not the other way around.

I'd sign an Arizona secession petition and I'm not even from Arizona.

Whatever people agree to as valuable can be used as money.  Currently, people agree that they will exchange their efforts, goods and services for dollars and believe in those dollars.  If some would rather take the extra time and effort to find others who will use precious metals as items of exchange,  let them.  But they will pay a premium when they buy and when they sell, just like a charge is incurred when you buy and when you sell stocks.  Switching to precious metals as a means of exchange could be problematic from the mere standpoint that there may not be enough to go around.

"It also reflects a growing distrust of government-backed money. "ROFL  Remember the $1 Trillion dollar bill Obama wanted to print last year? Boy, he could have printed 18 of those and paid off the national debt!

The Outstanding Public Debt as of 19 Mar 2013 at 01:23:43 AM GMT is: $16,743,855,868,016.34IF YOUR MONEY IS FIATYOUR ECONOMY IS SHIAT

Great idea.  But, what will Obama do when he can no longer print money to fuel his "recovery"...??

It would let people use credit/debit cards backed by gold &amp;silver if the business decided to accept it. Sounds like a good option to me. Naturally the dems oppose giving the people another choice. Unless a person is choosing to have their sex changed the dictator dems want to make all the decisions.

People think gold and silver provide inflation-proof money.  They don’t.  The value of these metals is controlled by their supply and demand.  A big gold or silver discovery will flood the market and drive prices down (as happened in the 19th century with silver when the Comstock Lode went into production- multiple forks, knives and spoons on a formal table setting was made fashionable as a way to create a market for Comstock silver).  But the price can also be driven up whenever somebody tries to buy up what’s on the market and then refuse to sell it.Furthermore, neither gold, nor silver is a substitute for food, water or toilet paper when there is none to be had.

Yeah lets hoard gold and silver. Stupid it stalls the economy. There was a time where the government called in all gold and made it a crime to have any over a certain amount. Only 3% of printed money is backed. Its too late now.

Andrew Jackson [The Peoples’ President] warned:   "The bold effort the present bank had made to control the government are but premonitions of the fate that await the American people should they be deluded into a perpetuation of this institution or the establishment of another like it."[We’ve now had another one like it for nearly 100 years]Jackson also said, when speaking to the bankers: "You are a den of vipers and thieves. I intend to rout you out, and by the eternal God I will rout you out."  When speaking to his closest friend, Martin Van Buren, Jackson said, "The bank is trying to kill me… but I will kill it!"  And he did!  [as well as beating off a would be assassin with his cane]

hope ya all realize there is no money...   it is all nothing but debt

I can't see returning to gold and silver for common circulation...but returning to the gold or silver standard...that makes sense. Right now are currency is valued based on nothing. So it is worth nothing.

'Gold rose $12, nearly 1 percent, to $1,604.60 per ounce on Monday'Donw from a high over 1800.

These lawmakers make a very valid point. Why Nixon wasn't stopped is beyond me.This is no different than a barter.    As long as the merchant agrees to take it, they should be free to pay with gold or silver.

According to the way European Markets and our own US Market is going, this makes sense if you want to survive a world wide collapse.

Nearly anything is better than what we have - we've gone from Fractional Reserve Banking to Fictional Reserve Banking!

Per the US Constitution, a given state does not have the right tomint its own currency.This is Article 1 , section 10.

Not taxing your bullion; good luck on that one. Sounds more like a fund raiser for a niche group if you ask me. These politicians know how to get the funding. A nice concept though.

I'm thinking Arizona is thinking of splitting from the U.S. I really can't blame them. They are being repressed by Obama.

If you have ever heard the term "two bits" or "four bits", you will realize that they not only mean 25 cents or 50 cents but came from the practice of CUTTING the Spanish Silver milled dollar into 8 pieces, each piece worth 12.5 cents in the USA, until the mid 1850, these "foreign bits of silver" were accepted in the USA for everyday purchases!  These are the same PIECES OF EIGHT romanticized in the pirate movies!

"Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver."-That has to be one of lamest excuses I've ever heard from the Dems. Like the private sector doesn't have the ingenuity  to come up with a way to determine value in a business transaction based on an exchange of precious metals.

Why are so many people worried about money? obama says HE will take care of everyone as soon as he gets your guns and oversees all the banks in America. He will take care of the sick, keep your car half full of gas so you can travel only to the grocery store, education will be free and all kids will have to eat in the school cafeteria, No problems ever again for HE knows your every need and HE will take care of you. With him there will never be no more problems and you will be blessed with a happy gay marriage and no children to worry about as man and woman will not be allowed to have children and obortion will be the order of the day. Oh how great this world will be with obama in charge. In fact aren't we even having fun already?

America had growth in the economy every year since its founding, until they created the Federal Reserve..Now its up, down, up, down, up, down...As long as the Federal Reserve (Billionaire Bankers) controls the United States Financial system you will have corruption. Ron Paul tried having them audited but the billionaire banker system walked all over him.

Thank God for these good people in the Arizona. Government is a collection of thieves and cheats who have lied their way to power. Remember that limited government that govern's the least is always best.

Gold-Pressed Latinum

Doomsayers says the author?  I wonder why China, George Soros and India are buying gold like there's no tomorrow?

This article has the nerve to call these lawmakers as doomsdayers?  what a joke, the media thinks $16T and counting debt will simply go way - poof

The reason why we have inflation and the dollar has lost 98% of its value since 1913 is because of the Federal Reserve. When congress abdicated their specific responsibility to coin our money and set it's value to a private corporation called the Federal Reserve, we lost our sovereignty and the wealth of America started to slowly leak back toward Europe.I don't know about returning to the"gold standard", but we desperately need to get rid of the FED.

And when those evil rich people start to hoard all this tax-free gold you peons expect to buy your cars with, then what?

Biggest problems doing this is converting to currency vs. silver and gold trade. You have to test before you trade! a fee would be levied and then tested for purity then trade would take place. Lets wait for the republicans to take Washington back before we do this, sounds mostly like their ideas and personally I don't care one way or the other but let the cards fall properly.

Look at Cyprus, they closed down the banks until Thursday, so that they have time to confiscate people's money in order to pay for their government debts.  I bet those people wish right now that they had physical money that is made out of gold.

Friedrich A. Hayek (1899-1992) Austrian Economist, Author and 1974 Nobel Prize-Winner for Economics “With the exception only of the period of the gold standard, practically all governments of history have used their exclusive power to issue money to defraud and plunder the people.Why would you want a state currency based on the value of gold or sliver? if you watch gold and silver over time its up down up down but mostly flat but you naysayers can check that out yourself gold/silver is exactly like the stock market.... sure if your lucky to get in on the upside you can make bank......... but again its risky and not backed by the full faith of us government like our currency is ........... and If more importantly if  our dollar is on such shaky ground  why is it still the world currency???? I remember not so long ago folks calling for the euro to be the new world currency.............  Ask yourself what would the world stage including ours look like had  happened......

search you tube site for congressman alan grayson grills the FED..... live videos of house hearings will blow your mind if you are awake at all

I have much better currency in an economic collapse than gold.....9mm and .223..............

There are MASSIVE reserves of Gold and Silver on Federal, State and local owned Lands which are the Peoples land under the constitution. Same goes for Energy. The US could Easily pull the world out of recession with her Natural Resources but for whatever reason the Federal Government is blocking it. Federal Reserve? Hmmmm....Maybe it is just to obvious?

Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver.All the business owner needs to do is read the paper or the internet and it will tell the business owner how much an ounce of gold or silver is.Next, the Federal Reserve prints money and gives it to the U.S. treasury after they charge a dollar for a dollar with interest. We the people havent had control of our money for a hundred years. I respect AZ. for this.

Watch closely folks, as the fiat [ worthless] paper currency is defended by the Fed.   All paper money really represents is the "title of ownership" by the big corporations [ banks, insurance companies, corrupt politicians and special interest groups ] of YOU.  The Citizens trade their lives an hour at a time, in exchange for worthless, manipulated paper [ free range slavery ].

The gold standard! LOL! So much for that!

"Proponents of the switch to gold and silver argue paper money is too vulnerable to government manipulations. When central banks boost the amount of currency in circulation to drive down interest rates (or to loan more money at interest to an out-of-control spending Congress), the value of that currency relative to others can decline"Obviously, there are a lot of people posting here who don't understand very basic money and banking economics

"Most Americans have no real understanding of the operation of the international money lenders... The accounts of the Federal Reserve System have never been audited. It operates outside the control of Congress and... manipulates the credit of the United States."Barry GoldwaterI guess Barry Goldwater was a typical leftist according to libertarian standards- he assumed the American People were ignorant and stupid the way people like Clinton and Obama supposedly do.

This will soon be the norm in all states.Bravo! States are now protecting themselves against Obama's  and the Feds outrageous debasing of the dollar. The dollar in 1983 buys more than twice what it does today. While this hypocrite president plays a $1million golf game, he shuts down military tuitions and sends education aid to Pakistan. Obama is pure evil.

Let this story be a warning to all AMERICANS. It is coming quicker than you think. The IMF is also moving away from the dollar pushing SDR's as the new global currency. OPEC no longer accepts the dollar as payment for oil. This movement is gaining speed all over the world. Countries are making deals amongst themselves and cutting out the US. You wonder why our government is stocking up on ammo? WAKE UP PEOPLE!

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley. \And who is the Fed...?Would that be those who manipulate the market now...?They should be audited.Ron Paul warned us what would happen if we went off the gold standard years ago...Now look at us. Don't be fooled we are already busted they just aren't saying it yet.

We could be seeing the breakup of the United States within the next decade or two if the economic conditions continue to deteriorate.  When states start to consider having their own currency, then that is a good sign the states are thinking about secession.

Currency represents a very small proportion of the money supply. Most transactions are conducted on "balance sheets." Therefore, most "money" is imaginary. In God We Trust!!

What are they going to do with all those laws against ‘pants down around your rear end’ if everyone has to waddle around with a pound of coin in their pockets?

Somehow I could see a major increase in robberies to say the very least .

I need to move to Arizona...this seems like one of the only states we have that's willing to stand up to Obama and all the junk he's trying to shove down our throats!

"Gold-backed money fell out of favor during World War I because the U.S. and many other countries needed to print more cash to pay for the war." So of course it was more convenient to switch to a sea shell backed currency.

The Fed prints $85 Billion of Funny Money per month, let the Fed send the funny money to the Blue states and let the Red states get paid in Gold and Silver. All will be happy then because the Blue states are against gold and silver so they can get the paper funny money while the Red states get the Gold and Silver.Goodluck, not many have Gold !

But - - - But - - - But - - - how would the Treasury print more coinage if it ran out of Gold?I'm sitting on 10 Zimbabwe bills, valued at 100 Trillion Dollars ... each. That's a Quadrillion Dollars, My Friends. And they won't buy a loaf of bread. That's happened in the last 10 years. Ask Argentina. C@ 10 years ago they did the same thing. We don't want it.Go, Arizona!

And almost forgot, just think of all the fun those gay couples will have when they won't find any babies to adopt to keep them in their FAITH!

Get ready Americans! Whether you’re financially broken or not, Google below and read... This can happen to us again as it did back in 1932. So keep track of your bank accounts... You don't have to worry about hackers so much; you have to worry about your scheming bankers and govt who don't have you in your best interest.( Cyprus a national bailout Bankers "steals" 10% of everyone's savings accounts. )

Why is a new law necessary?  TRADING has always been legal.

Wait a minute...the law will allow gold and silver to be used as payment, as long as the business is willing to accept it (not mandatory).  I would say it's like that now.It's called TRADING!  That's always been legal.

See how privatization fails? The privately owned Central banking systems collapse is what they fear in Arizona, with good cause. Paper money or gold and silver when the financial system collapses the panic and the anarchy will be spectacular. BTW, how were YOU going to get ether one, from where? And you still think the gun control nuts are trying to save a kids life?lol

The monetary system should have never been handed over to a Private corporation, especially one that is comprised of many foreign shareholders!

Go Arizona.  There is NO reason for any government to stop any citizens from trading what they want to as a stock of value.  Every state legislature should copy this act of respect for civil rights.

You don't hear much about the mining companies ability to manipulate it's value by cutting back or expanding their output? Like the diamond cartels. There is a lot of gold and silver that could flood the market and bye bye value. It is also disturbibg to the western powers the sheer amount of these minerals in countries that are deemed "friendly".It was President Nixon that helped get the U.S. off the gold standard. It might be time to return.

Government Money, Federal Reserve paper, is only backed by the debt of the consumer. Someone borrows money to buy a car and that much money is printed and put into circulation. With massive unemployment under this administration that means the $85 Billion a month the Federal Reserve prints each month and pumps into the stock market is putting in peril the value of the Dollar. Consumer debt drives the economy and more and more people are unable to get a loan to create debt.

"Gold-backed money fell out of favor during World War I because the U.S. and many other countries needed to print more cash to pay for the war."What was left out was the passage of the 16th Amendment allowing the gov't to levy a tax on income of any form. That gave the government the backing it needed for the paper money it was printing and allowed them to pursue WW I and every other war thereafter.Repeal the Income Tax amendment and you get to own yourself again. It would also reimpose the limitation on the federal government to go to war, like it did in Iraq.

So Arizona's capitol must be really bored to come up with this one. Next they will vote on a State Holiday for the Shootin Iron

Just wish I'd bought gold (or had the extra cash to do so) back when it was $400/oz.

You can buy and sell gold and silver anywhere in the world so it is already recognized as global currency.  Its much more liquid than stocks, bonds or real estate.

And how much would that Gold currency be ?? And if you need loose change, how will you saw off the gold into pieces ??

How about copper pennies, are they any good for currency:O(

Did they run this by Rodman?

You can thank FDR, a Socialist, for taking us off the gold standard and outlawing anyone possessing more than one ounce of the stuff. Then you can thank LBJ, a corrupt criminal for taking us off the silver standard, so now our money is only worth the good word of Congress. Want to know what happened to your purchase power? Look right at the Democratic Communist Party of America. Now we have Oblamer, printing money as fast as the presses can run, which also destroys the value of our money.As they should.

paper money is ultimately nothing more than a piece of paper, and ultimately worthless.

There is not enough gold and silver mined to go around for everybody, best get some now before DEMAND makes it sky high.

I back Gold &amp; Silver (&amp; Platnum &amp; Palladium &amp; Copper) as currency!Metals &amp; commodities are the future.  Buy LONG on commodities!0bama can only INFLATE his way out of his Debt crisis.

Think I will take what little money I have in the bank and buy some silver! I can't afford gold,so it's better then nothing I guess. At least I can barter if I have to...

Give me a prime piece of fertile land with a good water supply..keep your Gold for the Ladies accessories and mother-boards..who can buy a coin of Gold at 1700 dollars an OUNCE!..?

Currency or money depends on FAITH for value. If you didn't think a dollar would be worth as much today as tomorrow, you would "get rid of it" as fast as you could. If you thought a dollar would be worth more tomorrow than today, you'ld hoard it. And, that's the problem with gold and silver. You can't control the supply, so you can't control the value. The Fed controls the money supply in order to stabilize the value of money. This give us a tool to stabilize the economy. You can't control the supply of gold and silver. And, in hard times, people hoard it. People hoard money too. But, you can control the supply somewhat. For the economy to recover money NEEDS to circulate. The difference between you and the government is the government has the power of taxation. When the government spends a dollar, the dollar circulates. Every time the dollar changes hands they tax it. So, when the government spends a dollar, they get it back. When you spend a dollar, it's gone. The government stimulates the economy with deficit spending. By the time the economy recovers, and people are spending money instead of hoarding it, the debt won't be a problem. Big corporations (jobs creators) are sitting on piles of money, and are not hiring. This money needs to be in circulation, or the economy will not recover.

The Government are wary of silver &amp; gold backed legal tenders as they are difficult to manipulate.

Some people say paper is worth more than gold and silver because the government says so......

The actual value of all the goods and services in this country is a lot bigger than the value of the gold and silver in the world combined. The flow of gold is controlled by the federal government. Why do states keep wasting times passing laws that will be struck down?Thanks to Congress' dereliction of its Constitutional mandate and the Federal Reserve's rampant devaluation of the U.S. Dollar (via 24/7 currency printing) the Wall St. Journal reported the US Dollar may soon be derailed as the world's Reserve Currency. Research China's efforts and what happens when money is not worth the paper on which it is printed.

HISTORY 101: In 1909, we had  huge bdget surplus (okay, only 84 million people) with COMMODITY based, sliver/gold backed currency or what we should call "fiduciary" money.... BUT, government spending was only 10% of the Gross Domestic Product. Fast Forward to 1913 after the institution of the Federal Reserve, the percentage of government spending with "elastic", or FIAT currency (money backed by faith and created credit on the people and their land via congress and the Fed) Expands to almost 30% of the spending? What happened? Well kids, you now see what happens when rich, deceitful bankers pay off politicians and get them to issue currency. So, what do we do? END THE FED and get commodity based currency back, that will even the score and we wont have to do what Jesus did to the "moneychangers" back then. A fair compromise, we don't throw you in jail, you move out of the country and we are at Zero debt, we owe private banks NOTHING. The people did not contract for it and it was not CONSTITUTIONAL.

Using gold or silver as currency is something radical?

that is one way to say end the feds

Arizona bill brought to you courtesy of gold and silver speculators.

Gold and silver are not the answer, but the outrageous fiscal irresponsible behavior of the congress and the Fed have to stop or we will become the Wiemar Republic.

This, instead of balancing the budget....Pathetic.

I think this is a good idea. Just look at the inflation thats happened in the past 5 years.

Arizona is a rowdy independent state.  I do not like American monetary policy being determined by a private jewish owned and controlled central bank.  The Feds Charter is up this year.  They have been unsuccessful in destroying America in 100 years and their charter should not be renewed.  We should renege on the debt that is owed to the Rothschild family and their unconstitutional control of our financial system.

We don't need new laws!!Trading is already legal.These policies the states are now taking or considering taking are making international bankers head explode with anger. What we have is a situation where the Almighty dollar easily rules by a long shot on the global stage mixed with the incentive and will of US states to declare gold and silver backed securities. Ultimately this puts the US in an even stronger position than we are today. This is good for diversification and could lead to entire industries relocating back to the states where currency viability exists, unlike anywhere else on earth.

Why do you think that Homeland security just bought all those bullets, guns and armored vehicles to be used in the US, not by the military for another war?

Why not - the only thing backing todays US currency is faith in our government. Considering 16 trillion in debt and obama wanting to double that in 4 years gold and silver are the only good bet.

Ms Gabaldon thinks the Federal Reserve is doing a great job, apparently doesn't understand finance.  Interesting proposition regarding making gold and silver legal tender.  Used to be until Nixon took us off the gold standard.  We also had real silver coins until 64 under LBJ, but way too many of you younger folks don't know that.

“The death of Lincoln was a disaster…  and the bankers went anew to grab the riches.  I fear that foreign bankers with their craftiness and tortuous tricks will entirely control the exuberant riches of America and use it to systematically corrupt civilization.”          Otto von Bismark

Can I use a gold coin to purchase a Slurpee? Will my change be given back in gold?

so sad and scary too.... this subject is the crux of our way of live, our freedom and liberty and only about 300 posts.....   should be thousands, proves the point the people just don't know or just don't care

Arizona does something right. Good news. Go Zonies.

The objections make sense, making privately-minted coins legal tender?  And just WHO would be regulating these to ensure that they actually contained the stated content?  The counterfeiters would have a field day.  Precious metal prices are largely controlled by speculators, as history has shown time and again.  This wouldn't result in any stability.Another blow from the tin-foil-hat crowd in the Arizona legislature, both on content and on defiance of the Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution, which also requires that the legislatures take an oath to uphold it.I'm sure there will be many down-checks for this, so be it :-)

What wrong with these law makers, our money are worthless already, they way too late. When Canadian currency are worth more than our, then we has fail.Good for them Now if only my sorry State would do it here in ARK, that would be nice and then other states in the south fallow and other states too .

People trying to get back in the real world,.

FACT: Paper money once stated "Redeemable in gold or silver".FACT: In 1933 the government declared war on gold and guns.FACT: In 1964 the government declared war on silver and guns.So, the government only wants you to have paper. You cannot own anything real if you examine their history (NOT their excuses and alleged intentions).

I wonder how many here thinking this is such a great idea remember when not too long ago gold prices were mired around $225 to $250 an oz for the better part of 15 years? Or understand that gold is a commodity and as such is subject to the futures markets and the speculation driven upheaval that can cause. Think your miffed when gas prices jump because some prince in the middle east gets a cold? Wait till that $100 worth of gold in your little capsule you carry around for currency gets hit for 30, 40, or 50% because some mine on the other side of the world experiences a labor stoppage. Small picture thinking at it's finest!!!

Gold-backed money didn't "fall out of favor" in the U.S. during WW I.  It was widely used as legal tender until FDR confiscated all the gold in private hands so that he could inflate the U.S. $ by 75%.  He did this by Executive Order on April 5, 1933.  It became illegal to open your safety deposit box in "the land of the free" without a federal agent standing next to you.  Then, once the government had all the gold, he declared it to be worth $35 an ounce, up from the $20 pre-confiscation price on the open market.

my favorite currency is plastic

does this mean i can ake my own money again ?? its not hard to mint silver ..

Doomsayers?  Nope, just people that can read a balance sheet.

Just think they can take your savings at any time just like Cyprus.

Monopoly Money, is not currency! Fiat Money also, is not real currency, and this practice of printing paper is leading many Nations down the slippery slope! Look at Cyprus today, people are having their money taken/stolen right out of their BankAccounts by the IMF...This is wrong! Scary, very scary!GO for it we have been on the toilet paper standard to long

Why do I need that when I have all this green paper for fire starter.............lol

Everyone who opposes gold and supports the Federal reserve must be a real admirer of Richard Nixon.

typical the democrats would not like this.  the thought of not being able to print as much money as you want is devastating.  This is very good news.  I have been changing my dollars for gold and silver for about 4 years now.  recently it has been on sale and I have doubled down on my purchases.  This is great news.

August 15, 2011 FoxNews (Has to be the truth)"Today we celebrate, or, actually, mourn the 40th anniversary of President Richard Nixon’s taking America, and the world, off the gold standard, making many promises that were promptly broken. (For instance, President Nixon promised that the dollar would retain its full value. It only is worth about 19 cents today of what it was worth in 1971.)

Gold is too cumbersome to use as currency. Too heavy. Cotton money is much more workable.

"distrust of government-backed money"...there is nothing written on the FED's paper money that it is backed or guaranteed by the US Government. It is merely a legal tender. In short it is worthless as you can't exchange it for gold. That's the money the Federal Reserve Bank has been printing. The sure thing to happen sooner than later is the US dollar loosing it's status as reserve currency. Buy gold , rare earth metal or silver to safeguard your money.

what good is gold if world curriencies collapse only thing of value for exchange of goods is the old barter system

** AZ forgets that Bryan was a populist, for the little guyBack to the presidential election of 1896. "William Mckinley [winner, later assassinated] was in favor of the gold standard, which benefitted investors and those Americans with wealth.  The second option. . .was bimetallism.William Jennings Bryan was in favor of bimetallism which suggested that American currency consist of both silver and gold coins.  This would create inflation and as a result would help western farmers, coal miners, and silver miners who were in debt."What underlying economic conditions even suggest that hyperinflation (like that in Germany and Austria 1929-33) has a prior probability nudging more than just above zero?Back to the future? You can't go there -- the happy world of the rich white male will not return no matter how much reactionary force is used.Trillions were wasted in Iraq -- swelling the national debt. If you want to see the economic cause of the debt, go look in the mirror.

Gold has no real practical value either. Whereas it does have value intrinsically as it can be used for some products, its value as a currency still requires a consensus about its value. In contrast owning land, food, or other assets essential to survival and which may become scarce represents practical wealth.Balancing the Budget and paying off our debt will save our economy.

Wealth comes from work, not from money.   And resources.  Shiny rock beats paper....who cares, if we don't have renewable energy and we don't have water, and reliable climate, all the shiny rocks in the world won't secure our future.  Might as well trade chewing gum.

I am all for using gold and silver as currency. I hate leaving it all locked up in my vault just to stare it on the weekends.

QUIT ALL FOREIGN AID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ITs costing U.S. taxpayers HUNDRED"S of BILLIONS of $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ EVERY YEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Arizona is in a harms race with themselves.

Owebama will simply fix the problem by printing $0.00 bills as "Fast and Furious" as possible.

We don't have the gold to back up our paper currency. The arabs have the gold.

oh mercy, here it comes, one world currency !  The bill, which advanced in a 4-2 vote by a House committee Monday, states that gold and silver should be legal currency not subject to tax or regulation as property. The Republican-led Senate gave the bill its blessing in February in a 17-11 partisan vote.The bill would let people use the precious metals as money as long as businesses agree to take them. If made law, it would take effect in 2014.

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state." The Federal Reserve is no more Federal than Federal Express. They have no say..

"Democrats say businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver."Really? That difficult huh?"The bill would let people use the precious metals as money as long as businesses agree to take them." - well, that's just goofy as h3ll. If a business agrees, you can already use anything you want. This law is a waste of time.

Swooosh, the door closes on Arizona.......people   dont stockpile gold or silver who has it...

Thomas Jefferson on paper currency instead of precious metal coins - “It is a cruel thought, that, when we feel ourselves standing on the firmest ground in every respect, the cursed arts of our secret enemies, combining with other causes, should effect, by depreciating our money, what the open arms of a powerful enemy could not.” ~Letter to Richard Henry Lee, 1779

"Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver. ".....That's BS. Take in some Silver, Copper, Aluminum or Stainless or any metal for that matter and they can tell you exactly how much it is worth at that moment.

If find the gold standard TOO progressive...anyone want to trade a horse and wagon for 2 baskets of wheat and a wife?

why not shells and colored beads???

yes if the goverment can not keep you under their thumb how are they going to control you , nice to see lawmakers have some real interest in the people and not just the big banksters

Google Bernard Von Nothaus or the NORFED organisation...quite revealing...

Expect a hard, dirty battle from the Federal Reserve about this issue.

That's dumb, everybody knows the only real currency is wampum.How dare they return real value to our monetary system, the money changers won't like that very much..

This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve, hehehehe Their doing such a great job hehehe

"These doomsayers"?....who is a tool for the NWO?

Liberals call this type of action 'fanatical'... those with half a brain see the sense in this measure.  Bottom line is the media has a great way of dumbing Americans down to act like sheep to the slaughter... Wake up you stupid, stupid people.... Your government is not going to 'save' you... Self-reliance and self-sufficiency is the path to greatness, not reliance on your government

all states should do this.

Watch out for fake gold and silver coins. If there's a way the cheat, somebody will find a way. What's to do. Bite the coin like in the days of the billy the kid. Does that even work.

Switzerland is now minting GOLD sheets that can be broken up into ONE GRAM squares of PURE .9999 GOLD!  The Swiss rarely do anything concerning MONEY that does NOT make sense....they obviously sense the upcoming World Currency MELTDOWN and realize that ONLY currency of REAL VALUE will be of any use!

From reading the posts in this thread, I'd estimate that 80-85% of the posters have no idea or concept whatsoever of what a gold and silver backed currency is (or was).  It may be so easily researched along with what a credit/paper backed currency is.

Economically ahead of the proverbial curve, 4 season motorcycle weather, Sheriff Joe, Governor Brewer....  AZ, i'm there.

You can't make gold and silver in order to create more wealth and the government doesn't like that idea.  This government doesn't just borrow money, it also prints new money and not to replace old.lazy duffus nitwits

Hey Libs !! FYI...the Federal Reserve is no more federal than Federal Express. Arizona and other states are taking OUR country back from you !!

Let's see Kennedy wanted to introduce legislation that would have abolished the Privately Held Federal Reserve Bank which is directly responsible for the mess we are now and put the US back on the Gold Standard..One of many reasons the Bush family and company had to take him out.

As Rothschild once said "I care not what puppet is placed on the throne of England to rule the Empire, ... The man that controls Britain's money supply controls the British Empire.And I control the money supply."    Saying he that has the gold makes the rules and so it with American and their central bankers, the same Rothschilds.   That why no matter politician is elected, all roads lead to Rome.  The Rothschild's will, will be done.

Thomas Jefferson was adamantly opposed to the idea of a privately owned federal bank and said:“I sincerely believe the banking institutions having the issuing power of money are more dangerous to liberty than standing armies… Already they have raised up a moneyed aristocracy that has set the Government at defiance. The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people to whom it properly belongs… and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity is but swindling futurity on a large scale.”

People: Make sure you have actual things you need to survive food, water, and shelter that you do not have to pay for. You can no more eat a gold coin than a dollar bill, and a breakdown in infrastructure and the monetary system will mean you won't have access to things you take for granted.

This says it all: "In 1971, President Richard Nixon formally abandoned the gold standard. "  The same cr00k that started the war on drugs, which is an impossible standard to maintain, abandoned the best standard that the US had going. And it has been downhill ever since.

Watch out you risk getting bombed and invaded by the US military.

what size piece of gold will represent a quarter? and how do i get change?

I keep saying, invest in precious metals for the future of this country.  That would be silver and lead.The end IS coming.Most people are too stupid to see it.Some are able to look past blind faith and move into preparation.They are the ones that will survive the balkanization of the US.

END THE FED.....  Woodrow Wilson signed the Federal Reserve Act on December 23, 1913   (it was voted on at 4:30 am earlier that day with much of Congress already on Christmas break!).  He needed and got heavy financial support of the Bankers during his ‘underdog’ election campaign - - during which he reflected:  “…We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated governments in the civilized world… a government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men."    “Let me say again that I am not impugning the motives of the men in Wall Street. They may think that that is the best way to create prosperity for the country. When you have got the market in your hand, does honesty oblige you to turn the palm upside down and empty it?…”  On his deathbed, he was purported to have said, ‘I am a most unhappy man, I have unwittingly ruined my country.’

The terrorists from Bankistan will never let this happen.

.I wouldn't call them "doomsayers", but realistic individuals.

i may move down there and open a precious metals exchange.

you can thank Obama and his trillion dollar a year defficits

Cristina Silva, Associated Press, apparently hasn't been reading much. She apparently doesn't understand that gold-in-hand offers security from a currency collapse.  Think that's fringe territory?Cyprus banks just confiscated about 6-10% of deposits to fund government debt.  The US dollar is worth a fraction of what it was 10 years ago after Barry has printed trillions in fiat money.This is the sort of ignorant thinking the MSM needs to rid itself of if it EVER wants to regain a shred of respectability.

Good move. We'll see more states follow suit. Obama and his minions keep the money  printing presses running which will suck the breadth out of this great country.

'Nixon Shock' A term used to describe the actions taken by former U.S. President Richard Nixon in 1971 that eventually led to the collapse of the Bretton Woods system. The policies imposed and the actions taken by President Nixon included imposing a 90-day wage and price freeze in America, a 10% import surcharge and, most notably, closing the gold window, effectively making the U.S. dollar inconvertible to gold.

Just FYI, the US Constitution gives the right to coin money to the U.S. government and explicitly forbids the states from doing so.Anyone know Arizona's prep score?

Az wins the #$%$ award out doing TX, WVA and OK

ALL the world's gold is worth just over $8.2T @ current price of $1610 an oz.

Bahaha! These gold nuts crack me up! You think it has inherent value? Trust me, if the US dollar collapses like they predict, you'll be better off with all your 'money' in ammo and beans.

We have an economy based on fiat money, it is worth what it is because the government says so.  I would not like private minters to go into business because there would be no way for the average person to be able to tell if the coin contained the 1/2 ounce of pure gold it says it does without very expensive melting, and assaying costs.  I appreciate the sentiment, but I think minting of coins is best left to the U.S. Mint.  Where, by the way, you can purchawe coins that are verified that they contain an ounce of silver, or 1/4 ounce of gold, etc.

Hey ya morons - Obama and others have said - "There is no spending problem". - Therefore, NO DEBT PROBLEM -------- LMFAO.

Article One, Section Ten,  United States Constitution "No state shall emit bills of credit, make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts, coin money.

When I lived in AZ it was repub not libertarian so they lost their way somewhere.

Unemployment in AZ at 8%, you'd think those repuds would be concerned about job creation...

Will the 'government' fix the price or will it be the guy at the pawn shop?Thank you Dear, republicans , now,, move to the next important issue , Economy , and enforcing our already existing Illegal Immigration Laws,

AZ is on point!  Need ID to vote.  Use real currency.  Apparently, there are some pretty good leaders still floating around down there.  Obama isn't going to like that.

I love Arizona.

The people of Arizona have it right; fiat currency is the death knell of an economy.The Federal Reserve Banking Cartel has ripped off the American people since its inception in 1913.  They print phoney money and lend it to the federal government WITH INTEREST which We The Taxpayer must pay.  We cannot even pay the interest on this debt much less the principle, therefore the nation will go bankrupt - guaranteed.Why doesn't the news media discuss this?

The constitution clearly states that only gold and silver are money.  It is the Federal government that is breaking the law with their worthless Federal Reserve Notes.  Great job Arizona.  At least your people will enjoy the prosperity that comes with having sound money - kind of like Americans used to enjoy before Wilson, FDR, and finally Nixon destroyed our currency.

I usually find myself supporting the democrats, but unless the bill says something different than in this article (quite possible with Yahoo), their complaint is that businesses don't have the means to address the value of gold and silver coins, but the article says that businesses have to agree to take them. So, if they don't have the means to address the value, businesses don't have to take them.

Sorry, but I didnt use a wheelbarrow of dollar to buy dinner last night...there is NO hyperinflation, therefore NO need for a gold atandard...

Federal Reserve should be abolished.It is as much Federal as Federal Express is.The Federal Reserve is privately owned but no one knows who they are for sure.Only in America!US Government the best government money can buy!

Ron Paul didnt make any sense back in 1976 when he predicted a new weimar republic... with the only solution being the gold standard...I still dont see any wolf OR hyperinflation...

Info from Kitco...On July 3, 2000 the spot price of 1 oz. of silver was $4.95...by April 18, 2011 the price had risen to $46.68, a 900 % increase in value... It has since dropped down to $23.66, an increase in value of 458.53 % over 2000 spot. Have your US dollars increased in value over the same 13 years? No, they have decreased in value, and always will, thanks to the Fed. Res. Of course, spot prices are being manipulated, and the FCTB allows it to happen, but the spot price is artificially low, so it's a great time to buy now.There isn't enough gold to back the amount of money currently in the world... granted, I'm not against the idea, I'm just saying that some 100 million U.S. citizens better be prepared to not  have any money if the country made a switch

Ya know, the more I read and hear about Arizona (and Jan Brewer) the more I LIKE Arizona.  May be a great place to retire???

If I wanted a nutty monetary policy, I would be stashing acorns in an oak tree with economists Chip &amp; Dale....

My grandparents showed me their stash of "certificates" that they'd kept from the 1930's.  It was a historical treasure to view and contemplate, and when we were taken-off that standard, we made a profound mistake.  Our bankruptcy in the 1930's, a historical fact, only seems to have become more real in recent years, as we head there once again.  Now, as for me, putting us on a gold or silver standard may expose us to some risks, but the down side of a currency "based on the full faith and credit of the United States (sic)" is far more concerning.

The return to a fixed money supply (based on reserves of gold or silver) puts a limit on economic growth. Many businesses would not be able to raise the funds they need to operate. Likely result? A recession.

This is over-reacting, to put it mildly.  To give it more strength, it's a paranoid delusion that the end of the United States is just around the corner.  To identify its symbolic value, it's another rejection of the idea of central government and one of the first steps towards each state becoming a minor monarchy.Inflation is around 3.7%.  Every other country in the world is anxious to buy dollars -- not Euros, yens, yuans, or reals.If you'd invested in gold 5 years ago, you'd have made an average of 9.79%, less than the Dow.  Year-to-date, you'd have lost 5.59%.This gesture signifies not much more than individual states' rejection of Washington and, in particular, Obama's administration.  Next step, secession.Well, maybe the gold bugs are right.  Anything could happen.  The sky could fall.

First off, no legislation is needed....business can take whatever they want as payment for their services.  If the dollar ever did go all Zimbabwe on us, businesses could start to trade in precious metals, gems, goats, the giant stone coins of the Yap islands, whatever they wanted, and probably would.  Its only for "payment of public debts", ie paying your taxes and stuff, that official currency matters, since the Federal Government tends to not take payment in livestock or coupons for hugs...Second, I would imagine the problem of counterfeiting would outweigh any benefit, at least in the near term, for having an alternative currency.  Its way too easy, for instance, to gold-plate tungsten, which passes many simple over-the-counter tests for gold purity.

US currency is worthless toilet paper, backed by nothing and printed in such quantities that it's a miracle that anyone beyond our borders accepts it for payment in international commerce.

"Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver"Can't Democrats read - it said business could take the gold and silver if they wanted to."This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state,"The Federal reserve has printed 3 trillion dollars in the last 4 years - and the Democrats want them to decide what we the people can use as money ?

Gold backed money didn't fall out of favor, (LOL) it was withdrawn and confiscated by the federal government.I like Arizona more and more every day.

"  In 1971, President Richard Nixon formally abandoned the gold standard.  "The same President Richard Nixon who classified Cannbas as a Class 1.What is wrong with the USA ?

Leave it to a dimwitted Democrat to refer the matter to the "Federal Reserve", a corrupt PRIVATE bank.

...and the band plays on!“We the people ….” that’s how it started …. A bunch of guys working together as “We”, for the betterment on this nation. It’s now devolved into chaos, driven by money and pursuit of power! Is that really what the Founding Fathers would have wanted?Politicians .... they try to sidetrack us with gun control, immigration, and other claptrap, when all along it's the economy, and the crazy way the Federal government has become the most powerful "person" in America .... spending like a teenager with the parent's credit cards, and only calling the parents to TELL them that THEY are raising their folks' credit card limits so they can continue to spend like they just hit the lottery!The French had had enough in 1789 when they were no longer willing to accept the burden placed on them by the "Royals" and the elitist Parliamentarians(who were almost all lawyers)! Will there come a day in this country when the populous says "Enough!"?All working Americans had to figure out how to make ends meet with 2 percent less in their paychecks last month when the payroll tax expired. How is it that Washington can’t do the same? It’s smoke and mirrors on BOTH sides of the aisle …. With BOTH trying to posture so they can validate their need to even BE the “rulers”, and deserving of our votes and money!We the people need to take back our nation and restore it to the honor it once had in the world ... when an American dollar was looked up to. We have repeatedly elected scalawags for whatever our own self motivated reasons were, and it's time to stop!The French had it right ... at least in the beginning! Pass out the torches and pitchforks and let's storm the "castle"!

"The public sees value in it ..." I doubt the "public" has heard about it until now. Self- proclaiming really dumb ideas for the public interest seems to be how AZ politicians spend their time. So who actually works running the state while their off in fantasy land?  Are they getting coached by NY's Bloomberg?

If they get that through, I'm moving to Arizona. Seriously.Which is why they'll never get that through,,,,,, :-)

Arizona has plenty of pink underwear for trade if anything...skid marks included...inmate extra

The government:  "But...but...but...we can't print gold and silver! "

Anyone who thinks a gold standard prevents government fiscal irresponsibility needs to bring some history books down into their bunker, starting with a history of Spain.

Gold and Silver won't be worth squat either, as soon as the NWO goes to eCurrency and the Mark of the Beast.Paper money is not the thing to have right now. Obama's reckless deficit spending of one million dollars every 20 seconds is going to collapse both the currency as well as the economy.

Arizona again....Don't they ever get tired of the idiots they elect?Guess not...Well, I guess we do have a right to be stupid and cherish it.

States can mint their own money but it has to be gold or silver.

Given the anti-federal political attitude in Arizona, perhaps it is just best for the state to peacefully secede from the United States.  Then, it will no longer feel "burdened' by the constraints of the United States Constitution and federal statutes and Arizonans will be free to live in a manner that they perceive as absolute freedom.Of course, in the absence of a federal military and border protection forces, the state will then almost immediately get overrun by the hundreds of thousands of immigrants from Mexico and other countries -- including drug gangs and terrorist elements.

The dollar is the measure of the worth of gold and silver. A loaf of bread costs what it costs no matter the tender. $10 worth of gold will get you ten dollars or ten dollars worth of bread.

"Democrats oppose the measure."

If only the people of this country would understand that their birthright has been stolen.

Arizona - "We're not Alabama, but we're damn sure trying."

Aren't these the same "uber Americans" that want the Constitution defended against all threats foreign AND domestic?So how does dismantling the Constitution save it?We have always been just a few degrees short of a fascist state .... these people would bring us the rest of the way.

It's about time the states start thinking about ideas of how to help their citizens. Depending on a federal govt. is stupid and has proven to be. In these United States the power must always lie within the state govts. This is yet another smart move by Arizona. States need to step upto the plate as they are ultimately the ones in control of their borders, not the fed.Funny how the whole world buy american federal treasry notes from the fed and american dollars in times of crisis..   and you arizona iced tea bags are afraid of hte government... I am afraid of you and your dumb laws

Unlike Ron Paul and the kooky gold bugs, the "Boy who cried Wolf" actually did see a wolf eventually...

"Gold rose $12, nearly 1 percent, to $1,604.60 per ounce on Monday"- not exactly- what happened was the dollar got weaker- until it took 12 more dollars to buy the same ounce of gold.  Gold does not change- only the value of the money to buy it changes.  When gold is expensive- it's because your dollar is weak.

Article mentions paper money three times. I know this is a little knit-picky, but US Currency is NOT made of paper; it is made of cotton.

Cool! Do I get to slay dragons for their hoard too?

The Jews in the Fed must be mad as all Hell!

The same morons who could not see value in gold when it was at $300 and change, can't understand why China is buying gold hand over fist or why germany is repatriating all its gold reserves are apparently also having a problem with PMs as currency... Go figure... :)

Well - it's true - O and his minions are printing worthless paper and none wants it anymore  !

dont tell obama...he'll steal it all

Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver.----------Besides the fact that I'm for it... The Dems have a cogent point... Scam artists will have a field day with alloyed metals passing as pure...Unfortunately they are right. Our government is printing money for the purpose of making our dollar worth less so we can repay America's debts with dollars that have less value.

No matter how good the idea sounds, Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the power to coin money and regulate its value.

Let's start a petition to let Arizona quit the Union.

Figures the Democrats would oppose it

Why do you think when Germany and Mexico told the Fed they want 5% of their gold that is supposedely in Fort Knox back, the U.S. told them it would be at least 7 years before they could do that?  Truth is we are being lied too,  do we really have the gold we say we do in Fort Knox?  I sincerely doubt it.

I can see it now, standing on line weighing gold dust while groceries melt.The only ones that want the gold standard are those stuck with it.Gold is just one mineral on the continent, there are many more and much more valuable.We are a rich country.

How much is America worth?That is your credit score. We have trillions of tons of minerals in the soil of our homeland.The work output of America alone is worth a billion times more than the debt.Relax, republican fear tactics.

canned goods and ammunition, the currency of tomorrow

There is not a fiat currency in the history of the world that hasn't failed.  Not one.  It's only a matter of time before the petro-dollar system collapses.  Read "Bankruptcy of Our Nation" by Jerry Robinson.

Fine with me if those clowns want to actually 'invest' in a product that throws off no cash flow and has no inherent value. I'm pretty good into the gold miner stocks, which is the smart bet!I'm speechless

The local Subway resataurant had to put in a gold assay office for customers buying a sandwich with gold...kinda slows down the line tho....

I will stick to buying lead...

Does anyone one have a spot price for silver, I want to buy breakfast...

If gold is so valuable, then why are people selling it?

sounds good, everybody likes gold and silver.

KILL THE FED!!!

Got my precious metals all saved up: Silver, Brass and lead

Why not? They trade paper oil on Wall street,and made oil go up 60%.

Maybe the feds should stop giving them money. Then see how much they value the US dollar.I buy food and water. You can't eat and drink gold and silver.

Hahahaha Arizona is stuck in a loony 'wild west' dream world. The rest of us are living in 21st century, use paper money and embrace diversity.

Tell the Liberals all about our $17 Trillion Deficit and No balanced budget. They are in control of the WH and Senate. Don't blame Bush on this one. OStupid and Reid are holding up our Economy now.

Who owns the Fed? Anyone know? I'll give you a huge hint, Wall Street Mega Banks. It's up to you to figure out which ones. And as a side question. Who owns the Central bank of England? The Euro Zone bank as well? Another hint, their emblem crest is a Red Shield. Another hint, You might have this type of IRA.

Use both.  The leeches can be paid with worthless paper dollars and the normal people with gold and silver.

Democrats are mad!! They can't 'print' as much Gold and Silver as they want. Soon businesses won't except anything but Gold and Silver as money, I wonder how the Democrats (commies) will feel about that? Gotta go buy more Gold and Silver.

Arizona: wing-nut central, a bunch of senile retirees and racists. I have no doubt Sarah Palin will be governor again, this time of Aryanzona.

Great Job Arizona, people please visit the 10th amendment center there they will help develop a local barter system and more.

If these States were serious about currency reform, they would ban use of federal currency. I'd like to see them do that and see how long before their local economies colapse.

So if I were a country like China that's been hoarding gold, and don't really care about my people's welfare in general, I might just let some foolish country try to base their economy on gold, and then dump a bunch on the open market just to see what fun I could cause...Sounds like an impractical feel-good solution to a huge non-problem. Like avoiding a catastrophic asteroid with tinfoil hats.

At least all the wacko's are not in texas. I thought repubs backed the constitution? What is next for them? Zombie apocalypse state ID's?

when stagflation hits, you will have to empty your savings acct to buy a loaf of bread, much less a gallon of gas. we are heading where ovomit wants us; 3rd world status, and a commie machine in charge with sharia law at your door. glad you voted him back in. you will get what you deserve.

With ideas like this the GOP die faster as with their decisions against abortions in ND and stance against gay marriage. Dionsaurs!

First there was Carter...then Raygun...Raygun again...Bush Sr...Bill...Bill and Monica...Then Bush, part 2Bush 2, the Redux...Obama...and now Obama again...still no hyperinflation...

Anyone who actually thinks that returning to the gold standard is a good idea should read Peter Temin (Former head of the economics department at MIT) "Transmission of the Great Depression".The gold standard worsens economic downturns dramatically.

Democrats oppose a "bureaucratic nightmare?"  NO WAY!

If things get bad enough gold and silver will become currency, legal or not.

The gold standard... because a nation's wealth is just a block of gold...Kooky!!!

Stoopid gold bugs have been saying the sky is falling for years...Mexico is full of Silver, Nevada is full of silver.  Mexican only has ONE silver mine due to corruption there in Government.  The Comstoke Silver mines were producing so much silver, the price of silver dropped below the cost of mining and refining it so they mines closed, but the silver and gold and platinum are still there is huge amounts.

Invest in lead.  Going to be worth more than gold and silver.

When Obama gives money to the bankers at 0%, so they can stay afloat, hurt the middle class and poor thats trying to save, That keeps bank rate interest on your saving, if you have any left at almost 0.Just look at Cyprus..coming to America, sooner than you think..

I want to move to Arizona, they seem to have common sense.

Ah yes, gold bugs, the same people who have been saying for 5 years running that we're going to have HYPERINFLATION in this country (during that time it has average about 2.5% per year, not the thousands of percentage points they've predicted). You can only cry wolf so many times.

The last sentence say its all! "needed to print more money to fund the war". In other words, the Federal Reserve was founded on the sole principle to loan money out of thin air only to tax the hell out of the citizens to pay for it. A TOTAL SCAM

I'm really not understanding something, here.  Businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver?  What, the market price isn't good enough to determine that?  And why should the Federal Reserve be involved at all?  Especially without the input of the state?  Isn't it Congress that is supposed to control money, not some private bank who prints money out of thin air and controls the market through inflation and de-inflation?

Better start stacking the PMs, Libs.

From Gold Standard in Wikipedia.  (It is fascinating reading.)Some economic historians, such as American professor Barry Eichengreen, blame the gold standard of the 1920s for prolonging the Great Depression.  Adherence to the gold standard prevented the Federal Reserve from expanding the money supply in order to stimulate the economy, fund insolvent banks and fund government deficits which could "prime the pump" for an expansion. Once the US went off the gold standard, it became free to engage in such money creation. The gold standard limited the flexibility of the central banks' monetary policy by limiting their ability to expand the money supply, and thus their ability to lower interest rates.Good luck Arizona with that new law.

Good for Arizona. Next step - pay Congress and Pres with an IOU.Let's her from all of you idiots when the dollar crashes because some group of nations decide that they no longer trust it and go to another basic currency.  Don't you realize that the value of a dollar is shrinking.  $100 today has the purchasing power that $4 had in 1900.  Since the creation of the Federal Reserve Bank the decline has been steady.

Arizona makes sense to me.  We are going bankrupt and Obama is taking us there in hyperdrive. Libs, on the other hand, couldn't understand economics if their life depended on it.  They are memorized by Obama like he's a Svengali.

Every time there is an earthquake larger than a 4 on the richter scale gold is produced from water. It is happening now, happened for billions of years. If gold is manufactured bythe Earth then it's value will decrease because you can get more in time.

The constitution was written to limit the powers of the federal govt.   We have a president who has no respect for that document.Go Arizona!

More "symbolic actions" by the feckless right wingers...

It's all electrons now matter how you look at it.

PHOENIX (AP) -- Arizona lawmakers say the global economy is on the precipice of financial ruin and the U.S. dollar could soon be worth less than the paper used to make it.( American's working class has to wonder. Is this a scare tactic to drive up the gold market as it bubbles or they have ther facts right? Either way, Americans has lost their net worth and can't afford gold prices. Arizona educated lawmakers hasn't factored this.... Buy German, Austrian, Canadian and S. African gold. When America govt does go broke, they can't take the gold from you. Like they did during the stock market crash. Didn't your grand parants tell you? Buy foreign gold at least its just not on paper. It has weight...)

you can than reagan bush and the current crop of corporate billionaire shills giving tax breaks tothe idle rich who earn thier money from no bid war contracts and political connections.......for the trillion dollar defict.

the federal reserve,Mother Hubbard's cupboard is empty.

yeah, I live in Arizona, try to pay me with your gold coin or demand that I pay you with a gold coin.  This just creates another way of identifying the nutbags who share my state.I've been saying for years now that we will be wiping our backsides with the greenback.

And don't forget the story of jonathan coin. The world's largest gold and silver coin dealer. Hauled away to prison. Because he stole people's coins. And what about the federal deposit insurance for gold &amp; silver coin deposits. The what.

I think now is the time to sell my unobtainium

U wonder where all the doom and gloom was before the republicans decided to invade Iraq.Where were they fiscal conservatives then. Now that the economy is back on track the republicans want to derail it and blame Obama. 1 wonders were their loyalties lie.

If we take the time to overcome our public education and learn some macro-economics and things pertaining to the Federal Reserve, there is no way you would continue to support either major political party, at least doing so without a ton of scrutiny/criticism. I mean, the Federal Reserve is what has enabled both the Welfare State and the Warfare State, well, enabled for the meantime until the chickens eventually come home to roost.

It is against US Constitution Article One section 10 for any state to coin money (the same paragraph that prohibited the confederacy and justified Lincolns War) It is already against thesame law to make anything but Gold and Silver coinage Legal Tender in Payment of debts. The Constitution puts legal tender authority under Elected State Governments not the unelected board of governors of the monopoly money paper.In Article One section 8 Congress mints the coinage to establish a certifiable national standard of weights and measures.The only way to improve on the wisdom of the Constitutions carefully crafted check and balance concerning the nations money is to mint a metric gold and silver coinage that will become the instant standard of the entire world. State banks can print money but the national standard of Gold and Silver coin keeps fractional reserve banks responsible to mathematical reality with minimal government regulations (other than jail).A metric US precious metal dollar would anger every corrupt government, dictator, and oligarchy on Earth especially the central bank of communist China.ARE YOU READY FOR A REVOLUTION OF JUSTICE AND LAW?

Immigration is a Federal responsibility as well as minting money. Why does Arizona believe that it can become a separate country? All of this talk in the south and southwest of secession and nullification. I guess these morons would like to go back to the Articles of Confederation. But, that would mean that they would have to get rid of the Constitution that they love to quote but only when it comes to them keeping their guns.

From 13 sovereigns to 57?Well, it's still a great growth of the Union.

Gold and silver will never be used to pay for anything. It is too cumbersome and there isn't enough of it to ever work. Most money today isn't even paper. It exists ONLY as an electronic accounting entry in a bank's computer system. That is why the 2008 financial crisis was so dangerous.  Under the wrong conditions, trillions of dollars of wealth can disappear in hours. That is why Bush HAD to bail out the 'too big to fail' banks in 2008.This is a bunch of local politicians clowning around for votes, instead of working on important problems in their states like education, energy, water, and infrastructure needs.

ABOLISH THE GOVERNMENT IT IS THEIR RIGHT THEIR "DUTY"Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, ........................But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future securityHow many of the posters here do you suppose had their homes foreclosed because they did not understand the financial system (not to mention basic arithmetic)?

Arizona is pretty much a no go zone for me.  An entire state of crazy people.

In the end a bar of gold won't buy a loaf of bread.

What no poultry? Oh, never mind that was Sue Lowden, a Republican Senate hopeful in Nevada.

I guess you should remember that it was Richard Nixon's adminstration that took us off of the gold standard.

Personally, I am investing in lead. Copper jacketed lead has gone up in value a lot recently and it will never lose it's value as to it's ability to get you things, like food, and to correct wrongs.

The best thing that can happen is what Andrew Jackson did when he pulled all the money out of the federal banks, forcing them to close permanently because of their manulipulation of the money system.  The federal reserve banking system should likewise be abolished, &amp; the treasury should be made to go back to doing its main job of putting money into circulation directly to the public, &amp; stop all the programs that cater to speculators.  Why should a citizen have to pay more then $25 for a roll of 25 dollar coins, or more then rolls of quarters &amp; other denominations of coins are worth to get them from the mint, not including what it costs to ship them to you?

No sane economist thinks that we should return to either a gold or silver standard, and this approach is CLEARLY unconstitutionalOh, wait: This is AZ, the realm of the Wicked Witch of the Southwest

Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver.   Waaaahhhh!  Take the pacifier out of your mouth already.This legislation does not force stores or persons to engage in business transactions involving precious metals.  It allows them to do so if THEY so desire.  If they wish to do so then the burden is on them to determine the value.  Business do not have the equipment to determine the value of the fiat currency backed by the government either.  The Fed prints more waht you ahve is worth less.

Ron Paul has been saying that for decades.Anti-American is as anti-American does. If you find a problem with this nation, the patriotic thing to do is to fix it and not try to undermine the nation.

Yup, must be studying the Mayan calendar. A democracy presupposes intelligent people. These people are nuts and THAT is what will kill us. Before you slam me, study Nixon and why he did away with the gold standard. It is not the end all beat all and our enemies can destroy us with a gold standard as readily as any other financial tool. And, uh, the world is NOT on the brink of financial collapse, duh. We are not all the way out of recession but every day we move forward. Europe is moving forward despite horrendous unemployment in a couple countries. And China has yet to have a zero or negative growth month. These people are drinking cactus juice.Now, if you really want to do something constructive, redo our stock market so money goes into companies and NOT into the market where it is traded, bid up, and then goes bust. THAT is the biggest threat to our economy. TAX shareholders. TAX companies that don't invest or give their people raises. FORCE defined pension plan instead of catering to the rich stock market gambler by giving them YOUR retirement funds to gamble with. Study these things people because the rich are screwing you, putting our future on a stock market roulette wheel. Repubs, get a clue. Entitlement people aren't the problem. Your backers and lobbyist are. If the capitalist in this country did their job instead of looking for the quick and easy buck, we'd regain our place as the greatest marketplace on the planet. Socialism is an effect, it isn't a cause. Today's enemies our our capitalist system aren't the reds or Obama, they are the fake capitalists that you let run your party. Get a clue before you become extinct. I like Dems well enough but not so much that we don't need a second party.

i am sure counterfeiters cannot wait to scam the Arizona businesses that decide to accept these coins for payment. Serves the state right for trying this separatist malarkey.

Let do them a big favor - They want back to 1800s, Give the whole State back to Mexico!

Finally we get some brass to pass as gold again.

The inmates have taken over the asylum.  Who gives a rats #$%$ what a bunch of dusty leathery wrinkly skinned stained toothed desert rats think?

We need to audit our government.

These rat politicians should be arrested for inside trading, and using the political office for personal gain. The people need to set term limits on these rats of 4 years, then get gone back home to work.

Good idea now, show us the "gold" housed in FORT KNOX !!!

The people of America should arrest the corrupt politicians, and bankers like Iceland did, declare the total debt null and void, and start with a clean slate. These criminals made the debt by ripping off, and gambling. Iceland was smart, and now they are prospering like never before.Oh sure! Blame Nixon for it! Roosevelt was the on that removed the Gold and Silver standard FOOL !

Ah, the days of 10K plus bank notes. Those were the days!

Some idiots like their science, their laws, and their monetary policy based on bronze age mysticism....

Well, besides the hugely logistical problems that a gold standard would impose, why should the worth of a nation's economy be based on how many shiny rocks it locks away in a basement....  why not pretty feathers or shell beads...

What are those shop owners going to deposit that gold into the banks as?  Will they convert it to dollars every night?

Arizona is the home of nutcase extremists.

can I get direct deposit for gold and silver

Rappers will be rich, boitch

And I thought old people who write out checks slowed down the line at the register...

Steve Smith is a radical Secessionist, and is typical of the type of fringe voice that has taken over the GOP. This is not the party of Lincoln, or even the party of Reagan anymore.I don't think Arizona realizes how heavy gold really is

'llI bet you the $1,000,000,000 bill in your wallet that hyperinflation isnt a problem....

After wasting millions of dollars making it legal in Utah... only ONE (1) purchase has been with silver...and it was for the TV cameras... otherwise, not a single bill

They are so nutty here in AZ.

Liberals will just ask the gold-bearers to "share" their precious metals. Libs think welfare will go on forever....

If you want to experiment with alternative currencies, buy your own gold and silver with YOUR money...its the NO government solution...

Yes, Nixon did abandon the gold standard, and Nixon was a #$%$...but still not as bad as Obama. Nobody died in the Watergate scandal. He also brought us home from Vietnam.

put the US back on the gold standard and eleminate the Fed.

Yes we need to return to the gold standard.  nothing to back it up then do not print.  and by the way the federal government still has a very large reserve of gold, just not the trillions of dollars it owes.  but many billions.  It also owns several working and profitable gold mines.

If you didnt use a wheelbarrow of dollars to buy breakfast, your argument for a gold standard is kooky..."Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver."Democrats think everyone is as stupid as they are.  Trust me, when someone shows up to pay in gold or silver, those businesses will figure it out real fast.

Had I listened to Ron Paul and bought gold back in 1976, I wold have LESS money today than if I bought US savings bonds...Math for the Homeskooled Gold Bugz...

actually right now ammunition is the currency i would be backing!

read the last paragraph ladies and gents. if you support paper money you support wars.

It's a little bit too late to go back to either the gold OR silver standard, Reagan saw to that, by being the first President to take our National Debt over a Trillion bucks.  We definitely can't go back to a precious metals standard with 13 Trillion in Debt.  The only people that are TALKING about this, are people that have been HOARDING the precious metals, the people that would become overnight Millionaires and Billionaires, at the expense of EVERYONE ELSE.

If people undermine their currency by not believing in it, the currency will go to hell and then  you have-----chaos.   The US dollar is the world's reserve currency and our own people want to have it subverted in favor of another currency.  How stupid is that---wanting the US to become a third world country dependent on maybe China's currency?  We must stand strong to keep the dollar strong for our own sake.

If the idiots in government don't understand this article they must have their heads buried under a rock. The U.S. Gov't., both parties have been doing everything they can to  destroy the citizens' faith in their gov't. and the refusal by Obama to tackle the debt crisis is just another stab at ruining the value of wealth in this country. But don't count on a fix anytime soon, It ain't gonna happen. In the meantime, save your confederate money, the south is gonna rise again. LOL Bama Boy

This scares the pants off Democrites.

God am I glad I live in fabulous ARIZONA!  F the Federal Government.  We still have cheap housing folks, come to Arizona where you can be free from tyranny.

What a great idea. Our paper funny money has so much debt behind it that it is true that it will be worthless soon. Obama agenda is to run up the debt even further and tax it even more. It is a formula for failure. Too large of debt and raising taxes too high on legal tender earned = Total Failure!I think Arizona is just the beginning of this. Stock up on your gold and silver folks and you will be thanking Arizona also.I can't wait to rob me a stagecoach full of gold and silver! Yeehaw!

Move over Texas, Arizona is coming to town.

search  for  1933 speach by sen mcfadden let the truth be known bout  treason .....

So you drop a nugget in the gas pump "slot", it figures out the value of 14 carat, and then lets you pump 20 gallons. Wow, when is AZ gonna have this wonderfully updated pumps up and running?

Paper money is a "recipe for worldwide bankruptcy," Weiner told Arizona lawmakers Monday.Geez, this guy is the dumbest person in Arizona, maybe the US.

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.    Technically, that's true.  However, since the federal government will not do it, the states feel they should step up and take action.  Like securing the border; if Washington abandons its responsibility, the states must do it. As the saying goes, "It's a dirty job, but SOMEONE has to do it."

"Gold-backed money fell out of favor during World War I because the U.S. and many other countries needed to print more cash to pay for the war." Hmmm...maybe insisting on gold-backed money would be just the cure for our warmongering illness. About WWI, that "war to end all wars" certainly didn't turn out that way. But the speculators did just dandy, thank you very much.

I don't see my local Safeway or Target accepting gold and silver.

This is what the government in Arizona wastes money on.  What business is going to accept gold and silver as currency?  Pawn shops?

If AZ goes on the gold standard, there will be huge poverty and hunger in no time. I thought it was a conservative, kind of #$%$ state so why are those politicians smoking there?So you go to McDonalds and file off a couple of shavings?

Currently unless there is an Arizona law against it, any store can take gold or silver as payment. It would just be a barter transaction the coin would not have a set denomination.Although Gold and Silver backed currency would make it slightly more difficult to manipulate currencies they could still be manipulated. Also the USA and many other countries had debt while being on both the Gold and Silver standard.

This is more carp to take your mind off the real problems we have. Gold, silver..yeah right..next it will be diamonds, then oil, what next, hefers and pigs?.....and who is going to determine the value, the price, the authenticity, the purity etc, it is just one more opportunity for manipualtion. lies and scams by the rich, the crooks and the wannbees.......get real people...stop wating time on bullshttttt...and get these idiots in congress and the senate to work on real problems, Illegal immigration, Border Security, Crime, Lack of enfrocement of our laws by the Fed Govt when it is conveninet for their liberal agenda, The loss of farm land for food production, availability of water in the future, need for power through oil, gas, caol, wind, water etc....we have real issues, not this #$%$...

The limousine liberals on the coasts my scoff over their champagne, but Arizona's lawmakers are getting all these things right.   YES, the government is spending us into ruin.  YES, the illegals are overrunning our cities.  YES,  you should have to prove your citizenship to vote.

Arizona = capital of (d)umb(f)uckistan

LIBS are brain dead...lol The US is the biggest debtor nation in the history of the world. When the dollar dies, and it will gold will be priceless. Gold is like insurance to a debased currency. Libs are like the story about the ant and the grasshopper........lol

At least Arizona politicos have some brains. Paper is paper and it cna become worthless in a heartbeat.

@So.  You have a mine and every year it produces a certain amount.We have thousands of mines, plus oil,gas, coal, scientific tools, heavy equipment, etc.We are not poor, we are very, very rich. Just the taxes off of mineral rights and fees is inexhaustible.

hey stupids. A Repub-nut a one Richard, the D*I*C*K Nixon was the one responsible for putting us on the current mystery system for determining what the value of anything is. "The standard" is how well do you think your doing? Not the price of gold we keep seeing advertized. Don. stop being mesmerized by the Kennedy assignation. Its over, the Texans did it to instal Johnson. Everybody knows that.

Yeah Nixon banned the gold standard and his country in Vietnam..Who could seriously take ANY advice from someone named "weiner"?

Put the US back on the gold standard, reset the price to $37.00, as it was and problem solved.

I've been hearing about the rampant inflation that was going to wreck our economy for about 25 years at some point I've tuned these guys out just like the end of the world crowd.

great idea.typical that progressive pigs would want big brother to control it all.

I'm confused, if dollars are not worth the paper they're printed on, what are you going touse to buy the gold?

I love Az. more and more every day.

Ignorant jack-donkeys of America. Gold and Silver is ALREADY the only thing that can be made Legal Tender in the payment of debts in US Constitution Article One section 8 and 10.NO STATE can make anything else legal; tender! How stupid and ignorant Americans really are when it comes to money, justice and their own law.Don't prove how ignorant you are by making another comment until your read Article One section 8 and 10 then answer me back.Stupid people in USA think the fiat specie dollar is legal tender because it says so on the label and you can buy Bud Light and marijuana with it.

Paper money is a "recipe for worldwide bankruptcy," Weiner told Arizona lawmakers Monday. "Everybody is going bankrupt on this system so we need a sound and honest money system, such as gold and silver."   Paper isn't the problem...it's not being backed by gold that's the problem. Good for Arizona. I hope other states follow suit.

we say AMEN... with the way obama is spending an congress seems not to care.. how long can the American dollar survive long term??

Gold is not an investment. Gold is a commodity of which prices are driven by speculation. If you really want to be a nutcase, go ahead and hold some small percentage of your portfolio in gold, but it's price is driven by speculation. As recently as February, there were financial analysts claiming gold would be $2,400/oz. It's trading at $1,612/oz.You don't lead a law to let you use gold or silver to make a purchase; you only need a willing seller and a willing buyer. Same thing applies to everything from manure to diamonds.

AUDIT THE FED NOW!!!

usa oil companies are exporting refined gasoline over seas, and raising your per gallon cost here in usa ...oh, and its all subsidized by tax dollars and the commodities traders win either way.....wakeup

I am thinking that Arizona may be progressive.  At this point with our failing economy I am thinking a back up plan by each state is not such a bad idea!!  It is basically a statement that Arizona distrust our government.  And really these days don't we all?

Any item, regardless of what it is, has only as much value as what we place on it.A family heirloom, a picture of our ancestors, may be priceless to us and worthless to others.Precious metals, precious stones, semi-precious stones.  Once semi-precious stones were precious because of their rarity.  As our mining techniques improved and additional stores were found, they were relegated to semi-precious.It will be interesting to see how this plays out.  If our potable water runs out, the people sitting on the last clean water supply may be the richest people in the world.  What will gold buy then?  Will gold be able to buy that water in trade or what will the most important commodity be then?

Will Arizona ask for a bail out when the gold bubble bursts? We keep increasing gold mining, while gold is used for jewelry, electronics, and little else other than hording gold bars. Now there is much more supply than demand. Gold prices have quadrupled in the past 10 years.

good thinking Arizona , only if more states start to openly defy Washington DC will our Republic last into the next century.

And they would probably prefer women as chattel

Stupidity has always been part of society, but now that stupidity is seeping into our elected lawmakers. God help us.

AZ needs to break away from the US. Maybe join Texas. After, they repay the country for drilling subsidies, welfare payments, etc.you wnat gold you can buy gold eagle or krugerrands at any time rather than american dollars or american stocks and watch you interest earn nothing....yes you can buy blue chips and 3 to 4 %

I will take cash or credit card....no minimum  for my goods and services. Sorry i dont carry a scale or a gold and silver assaying  machine to see if your handing me wood nickels.....know what i mean and see how dumb.

whats the matter your legislature got tired of banning sharia law and anti abortion laws

gold and silver in the form of a coin is no more currency than gold and silver in the shape of a peanut.  these metals trade on the world market and are subject to changes in value for all sorts of reasons, many of them purely psychological.  Hold all of them that you want.

lets pay doctors in chickens and demand the goverment pays you tea bag senors direct deposit with gold...   you tea bags crack me up.

While this gold and silver thing is a great idea I think Milton Friedman's idea was far superior, he described ways to end income taxes by first eliminating social security. His argument was that social security actually works to keep generations of people poorer since inheritance becomes a thing of the past. He also then wanted to introduce a power currency which would still use the dollar but instead of printing money the FED would replace old notes which could allow the market to reflect accurate numbers for people to work with rather than arbitrarily inflated or under inflated numbers.How he chose to end social security was to turn all the moneys in SS into bonds that are cash able at 62, you basically get what you put in and no child who enters the work force will be on SS afterwards. The result of this is a popular demand for the end of Income tax since it becomes unnecessary.

Arizona like Texas continues to embarrass itself and America.Can we force Arizona and Texas to secede?  Please!

Of course the Dems don't want it to happen. They want the Big Daddy Government to be in control, so they can get their fair share first.

I dont' agree with right-wing lunatics on much, but I share their view that both parties don't geniunily care about the consequences of our Fed policies and out of control spending. If the tea party nuts want to think rationally they might want to question why they and their GOP pushed through an illegal, immoral, unnecessary, and extraordinarly expensive war in Iraq.

Must be a lot of numbskulls in Arizona as evidenced by Joe Arpaio and Jan BrewerEver tried to sell gold?Usually if the price is $1600 per ounce they offer $1350 to change them into dollar bills because they don't take gold at the supermarket. Not accepted at the movies neither.Stupid idea.

Why do I think Rep. Steve Smith of Maricopa and his family will be found dead in a ditch victims of a tragic car accident?

The only people who benefit from a measure like this are people in position to own precious metals already.The average Joe on the street would be screwed....which is what these people in effect propose.It would destroy the worlds financial system, as bad as that system is, the consequences of its destruction would be far, far worse for the average citizen!

Obama would get a real education in economics if we switched to gold and silver, can't jus tkeep printing more and more and more like he has.

Looks like State politicans waste their tax payers money as much as Federal politicians."hey, let's pass a bill that is illegal, unconstitutional, or impossible to impliment"  They all love getting paid to do nothing!

Ahhh, clear at the bottom of the article -- it was NIXON, a republican, who took us off the gold standard.  You could always get a bunch of gold out of McCain.

We should let AZ secede to Mexico - takes care of the whole immigration problem as well!

SO who are these people that have the gold:  rich republicans. Go figure.

if arizona wants to change all these federal laws they can leave

Hmm so they want the currency to eventually be controlled by metals that are mostly controlled by a few people? So will regular people simply not be able to buy things then?Now. Walk into any place of business and try to buy somthing with your coins. Knuckleheads!

This is a smart thing. Now America here is a hint make a run on the mint. buy rolls of half dollars. look closely at the coins some were and are still pure silver. Its like a decent trip to the casino get two or three of em and you win. either way the bad ones though not worth much still spend. win win. Take those other coins get out your # 8 crucible and smelt em down and pour em into your own coin ingot etc. there are also penny slots if copper floats your boat. Anything after 82 is most likely infused with zink as to render them inexpensive all others are worth more in weight value then the coin these represent. Same proceadure #8 and smelt. Be creative. The federal reserve is only a front it does not belong to us. Now if you'll excuse me I must go and release thing one and two from thier box... Happy smelting America. P.S. silver dollars are like a dollar slot if you have em...

Meaningful, but not feasible.

Nice! AZ and TX are competing for being the next residence for free Americans!

Ron Paul predicted a new Weimar Republic in 1976... its been almost 40 years... STILL WAITING!!

19 trillion in Liberal spending.... Yes! Liberals  made the US Currency worthless....

Obviously the Arizona legistature are traitors who do not obey the US Constitution they swore to uphold:  "No State shall. . .coin Money. . ."

AZ would not be able to function without the money the fedral governemnt gives them as a hand out.

OK, fess up, someone has to be putting LSD in the Arizona water supply.

This is but another example of Republicans naively being part of the problem, as opposed to being part of solutions in bipartisan compromises.  In other words, the GOP is stupidly aggravating the problems with their behaviors.  That tells me that they are so dysfunctional that they are worthless.  That is what happens when a people let hate rule their lives.  jmoAre all the crazies moving to AZ?

I love living in Arizona . I think we have the last bastions of intelligent government here .

Dear right-wing crackpots:  The gold standard is impossible in a $16 TRILLION economy.Good Lord -- how could you be such ignorant dupes?   You're being played by those holding large positions in gold and silver.  All you crazies get whipped up with fear and paranoia, the price of gold and silver skyrockets, and they make big money while you continue flailing away.  Instead of sputtering like crazed imbeciles, why don't you cash in some of your precious metals and buy yourselves an education?

Will the legislature accept silver as compensation?

"Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver."Do businesses have the equipment to determine the value of a paper dollar?

Fiat money people.  That's what we have now: the Government sets the value and it has been diminishing for years.  Soon, we will face what the Weimar Republic in Germany and Yugoslavia did: Under Tito, Yugoslavia ran a budget deficit that was financed by printing money.  This led to a rate of inflation of 15 to 25 percent per year. Sound Familiar?

Let's see what happens when you carry a 20 dollar gold coin....worth 1800 dollars. You dipsticks!!!!!

Can anyone point me to a copy of the UnaBomber's Manifesto?  I'm just curious about how many of their ideas the Arizona legislature is getting from it.

Explain this please!  All I read from Jan Brewer is how broke the state is now.  So, why would the arrogant legislature pass bills they know will cost AZ tax payers millions in court challenges/appeals.Just raise Az taxes to pay for "Brewer's" personal federal government vendetta--great idea.

All that work and only ONE transaction in Utah was paid with silver...seems like a BIG waste of taxpayer money and government worker time... but now Washington is QUAKING in their boots...If no one uses the law, is it worth the money and effort?

Wow this is pretty awesome. Sucks that those against it don't seem to understand that it would be up to the business in whether they want to accept it or not. Meaning they (businesses) would have the necessary equipment to accept it as currency. This is a good start, still got a long ways to go though...

40 years later, Ron Paul and his gold standard are STILL wrong...

Better, smarter than the increasingly worthless toilet-paper that represents U.S. paper dollars. If Americans truly realized how they are being swindled.

If the TeaPotz had a kooky fringe group, the gold bugs fit the bill...

&lt;"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.&gt;  This congresswoman should be reminded that the Federal Reserve is NOT a government entity, but a cartel of private bankers. They're looking out for one group of people, and it's sure not the American public. But I'm sure she's already quite aware of that fact.

If the American People allow private banks to control the issuance of their currency, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the People of all their Property until their Children will wake up homeless on the continent their Fathers conquered. - Thomas Jefferson

Article said:"Democrats oppose the measure."As usual Democrats are againest anything that is good &amp; true.If it cannot buy Democrats some more VOTERS,then they are againest it.

Arizona legislators are delusional.  Even their governor has to occasional leash them and medicate them.

Gold and silver are not the magic fix-all their backers make them out to be.Look up how many recessions/depressions we had when we were on them.  From the founding of our country to the Great Depression there were more than two dozen.There are plenty of problems with our current system, but going back doesn't fix them, it just replaces them with a new set that's just as problematic.  If not more so...Utah has a law on the books since 2011 allowing gold and silver coin as legally accepted currency. It is time the rest of the country escape from the banksters and the FED, as well.  And, remember, the elected County Sheriff outranks each and every Federal officer as the primary law enforcement officer, and the Feds know it. Demand your Sheriff support the Constitution and thwart all Federal actions.

Those Arizona lawmakers are going farther and farther off the deep end. What's next, a war to reclaim native american treaty lands. How about a state bill to "reclaim" the Grand Canyon, which belongs to me by the way, and not to Arizona thank god.

Economics 101 in a nutshell...the more money printed/put in circulation, the less it's worth, causing prices to inflate in order to capture the original value of production, also true for floating interest loans...hence inflation. Prolonged inflation, known as hyper-inflation, leads to recession, which is the loss of production as sky-rocketing prices inhibit the purchase of materials, equipment, services, ultimately causing layoffs at small/medium/large businesses. Prolonged recession, no production, no product orders, leads to depression. Of course, inflation, recession, and depression negatively affects the stock market and visa-versa, which is a vital component for corporate sustainability and job protection as those entities use stock funds for operating costs, which is vital for a successful supply chain, which, in turn, sustains jobs for small to medium sized businesses. Yes, the stock market/Wall Street is vital for the sustainability of the nation's economy as economic downturns are directly tied into market crashes/crises. Govt must control its spending and curtail its borrowing of printed (fiat) money, that is necessary to achieve price stability, which is the function of the Federal Reserve. The Fed works well when the govt isn't tampering with the economy to solve class disparities. The Fed, however, has its hands full dealing with the economic free-fall of unbridled govt borrowing. However, one measure the Fed can employ to control spending is the raising of interest rates, thereby making loans less attractive (unfortunately, higher interest rates would negatively impact mortgage holders with floating interest loan rates. Lesson - never borrow on a floating interest loan). Therefore, trickle-up economics doesn't work as workers rely upon business success for paychecks/purchasing power. That is...it can't trickle-up if ya ain't got a paycheck, and ya ain't got a paycheck b/c of  job loss caused by borrowing/inflation/recession. That's also why borrow &amp; spend Keynesian economics doesn't work...b/c ya can't spend your way out of an economic crisis using borrowed cash unless there's a way to pay it back from real job creation, from whence flows real cash. But there can't be any job creation as long as inflation/recession/depression looms over-head of businesses that are reluctant to release funds for growth/expansion during economic turmoil. Never-mind about the current rise in the stock market as it doesn't reflect real GDP/company success garnered through increased orders, production. That is, stock cash is entering the front end, but not coming out the back end in the form of products/services, so it's nothing more than a stock bubble...and so on and so forth...

Well, since our currency was taken off the gold standard thus having nothing to back our currency reads "legal tender for all debts public and private" backed by what? Nothing...Go Arizona, The private sector has no right printing currency.......

So, all your gold and silver currency will have a dynamic value, depending on the price of precious metals on the market?  And this will provide a "sound monetary system"?  And individual states could mint their own money?  (So a Texas "dollar" might not have the same value as an Arizona "dollar" due to differences in the amouts of precious metals used.)Brilliant.  Only Republicans could come up with a plan this fiscally irresponsible.

Americans must be the most uneducated people on the planet.

Paper money supporters must love the fact that all of their savings that are now in a bank are losing value each year.  The interest they receive from the bank each year will either barely cover the loss of value due to inflation if it even does that.  Most recent years the inflation rate is higher than bank interest rates.  Certificates and other long term investments will cover the rate of inflation by a small bit, but if you need that money early, you will lose on the penalty.  A 1/4 ounce of gold will always have value, but those dollar bills in your pocket, will barely buy anything, when once they could purchase an entire meal, or two tickets to see a movie.  The Fed has manipulated our money to the point that we cannot save due to inflation rates which cause our salaries and wages to be worth less each year in real evaluation.  If the Fed had not been used as a tool of a greedy government, paper money would be just fine, but it is once again time for us to control our own money and a return to the gold or silver standard would be good for every working person in the country.

Sounds like a good idea. I mean the US currency (dollars) don't have any value and are not backed by anything. Gold and silver have 'real' value.

Don't think there is enough gold/silver to cover just the US debt.  AZ-wake up and smell the bouillon.  Maybe you should put your legislative efforts to better use.

So what your saying the man in the field would get gold for his services? That sounds like a recipe  for disaster. What it sounds like the rich who have gold will be richer and the poor who have none, will be poorer. So the money you get from Social Security will be worthless. The years you have paid into it will be for not. The rich are always trying to figure out a way, to give it to us and this is just one more way. The problem I see it might just back fire on them if the system collapses  then who cares what gold is worth. I'm not sure even they know what it would be like carrying gold around to visit the grand canyon or the store for that matter. I guess they might stock up on food and border up the house. I guess they could pay you in gold when you want you S,S. . They are starting to sound like the man, who gets a gun and goes crazy. They need to be evaluated.gold and silver are already LEGAL currency,money minted at the us mint gold or silver is worth its face value.it is in fact LEGAL TENDER, but only at face value.The government does not recognize anything more than the face value of the coinage.What the markets do in regards to the value of the gold content of the coin is up to the people and the markets.No matter if gold became worth a few dollars an ounce ... any coin by the US mint that has a face value of 20 will still be worth a 20 or the 50

When you leave AZ remember to exchange them for cash.

Outstanding!  Arizona is leading the way to escaping form this dystopian leftist nightmare which has become of America in the last 50 years.To HELL with fiat currency:  Gold and Silver are the way to go.

doomsayers? way to stay impartial with the reporting there bozo.

And the Bankers are still not imprisoned...

I have a few questions. Isn’t it a fact, we as a country owe hundreds of billions of dollars in debt to foreign countries? So, if we convert over to a gold standard, wouldn’t we have to pay these foreign countries with precious metals such as gold and silver? If so, wouldn’t all of our gold and silver go overseas? We being a debtor country in a global economy wouldn’t do very well emptying out Fort Knox to pay the bills.

These republirats are really crazy! The dollar is stronger among other currencies out there and it still buys more in other countries than you think. Why are these legislators not insisting that the state pay their salaries in gold and silver, then? These guys are busy pushing ignorant Americans to the brink of self-destruction while they sit tight and enjoy their deceptive thinking and practices. Any American that believes these idiots, really does have a mental problem.

This is how the GOP plans on remaking itself more attractive to voters?

use debit or credit cards......give me a break......thats what we do now republitards.......

I live in AZ and love it here....  I dont always support the things they do but I give them the props for not laying down and taking it in the rear from the feds.....Sorry, Arizona, you CANNOT have your own currency. Try reading the U.S. Constitution, instead of pretending it doesn't exist whenever you have hissy fits about something!

Republicans are stupid. Economists all over the world have discussed using metals again to totally back currancy and all have come to the conclusion in recent years that the worlds economy isn't solvent enough to make it work. Why do people not see the great push to make our society much less than a democracy?They want there to be a gap between the haves and have nits they want it to continue to grow!!!

Az sucks up tax dollars , Military and military support &amp; The  Fed gov make up AZ Biggest Employers

I've been stocking up on beaver pelts personally.

I guess things are going so well for the GOP that the logical next step in their unstoppable march to political domination is to control the monetary system.   No, wait...

This whole government is so corrupt we will never see our way out of what Obama and his partners in crime ...oops i meant administration will do to this country.

Sell your gold and invest in lead, can't buy food when you're already dead. -American Civil Revolution

"This is the type of currency we have had over the history of mankind."  And that's why I use a rock as a hammer, and obsidian for arrowheads. After all it worked throughout the history of mankind. I'm thinking of replacing this computer with a conch shell, but not sure how that's going to work out.

democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver ! AND THIS IS THEIR ARGUEMENT ? LOL , SAD TO BE THAT STUPID ! WAY TO GO Arizona lawmakers ! obamas followers will have only wads of paper money maybe they can wipe their sorry as!@#$ with it !

These politicians would be funny if they were in padded cells, but in positions of responsibility they're kinda scary.  How do people this dumb make it through high school?  We need an "honest money system" that includes privately-minted coins?  This is a good first step towards anarchy.  Well done, wingnuts.I say back the dollar by Hemp and grow weed!  Silver and Gold are for the rich folks!

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.  This is the babbling of an IDIOT!! The Federal Reserve IS THE PROBLEM!!!

As long as the feds can print money they will without  any care as to what may happenI collect coins and have seen when countries are great  they use Gold and silver for their coins, when the country begins to decline the country switches to base metals or in our case Paper. Go to the library or the net and check it out. our own country first dropped gold as a back up for our money then it dropped silver as back up, ask your self what backs up our money today. Nothing but a promise, try to buy a car or food on promises. In one day how much money can be printed. The paper is the same for a One or a Hundered makes no difference. On the $1 silver certs it stated. that "there is one dollar in silver payable to the bearer" Now what do you have ? NOTHING

these crazy conservative lawmakers, wasting time on dumb stuff like this . . we should be worried about soda cup sizes and where stores put their cigarette cartons like the smart lib politicions!these are things we need!

I think all the right wingers should run out right now and buy all the gold they can. Sell everything you've got and buy lots and lots of gold. After all, the price is only going to go up and up and up!

I bought gold at $735 an oz.&amp; I bought 5.56 and 7.62 when it was .30 cents a pop.I'm buying canned food and barter seeds right now.FORWARD

The sky is falling!!The sky is falling!!

Yahoo calls these people "doomsayers", I call them realists.

Dear Arizona and Utah Co nta rds: you are more than welcome to buy $20 worth of merchandise from me with a $20 gold double eagle any time you want!!

California has officially lost the title of the land of Fruits and Nuts.  Arizona wins hands down.LMAO....meanigless political posturing by the #$%$

smart move

'Arizona Loon-makers.'

I live in Arizona.  Arizona lawmakers are brainless shills for anyone who cares to cut them a check.

If there simply is not enough gold and silver to monetize even a small percent of ournation's economy, did you want to create fake money to cover the difference or just let that part of theeconomy without currency to just die?

Craziness prevails in Arizona. The hot sun dried out the brains.

Poor democrats. No one wants to play with the sick little weasels. And will now throw tantrum # 2,354,346. How dare they do this ... we can't get our greedy pathetic hands on their money that way.

let's make our currency based on gold -- remember that the huge gold mines are in russia and south africa which can just mine money -- lol

Law makers suggesting a return to precious metals backed currency need to take a few economics classes. In particular, definitions of M1, M2 etc. They should also learn about the velocity of money.  It is too bad politicians do not have to take some sort of qualification test pertaining for the office they want to run for prior to being allowed to run.

to compare today's commodoties traders to the traders on the silk road or amber road is apples to oranges....they were invested in a succesfull trip, today's traders bank on disaster ....what a web we weave, and now gold-silver to the rescueThe right wingers get crazier and crazier by the day.  What is making these people so paranoid?

just take away any fed money going to the state and move the border and leave them to be swallowed up by mexico

When liberals find out too late that they actually need gold, silver, and platinum, they will just ask you to "share" yours. Then they'll take what they borrowed, keep some, and give the rest to illegals and ghetto mommas so they can breed out 25 kids by 25 fathers. Then they'll ask you to "share" some more.

You can trade whatever you want - LOL!!!The price of gold and silver change daily  - who the hell is going to keep track of how much gold a head of lettuce costs.Ridiculous. But that's Arizona.

First of all with the political party in Az is a drain on all of America.

I was thinking that valuable commodities should be used by industry, not locked away in a reserve... but hey, I actually have an education that included economics courses

And when the price of gold collapses... oh yeah, the federal government will bail them out.  Good luck, AZ.

Naturally democrats are against this. You can't simply print up more gold and silver to be able to spend on whatever suits their fancy.

Return to The Wampum Standard...another brilliant idea from the people who brought you Watergate and Iraq.

And the America hating left whinesRepublicans spreading fear again. Its all they got left.

Gather up all that paper you can.  Google Weimar Republic.

It is true that our money is created out of nothing, but it is more accurate to say that it is based upon debt. The entire money supply would vanish into the bank vaults and computer chips if all debts were repaid. The "Mandrake Mechanism" by which the Fed converts debt into money is simple when one remembers that the process is not intended to be logical but to confuse and deceive. The end product of the "Mechanism" is artificial expansion of the money supply, which is the root cause of the hidden tax called inflation. The "Mandrake Mechanism" is the method by which the Federal Reserve creates money out of nothing; the concept of usury as the payment of interest on pretended loans; the true cause of the hidden tax called inflation is the way in which the Fed creates boom-bust cycles.

dont believe we can go to the gold standard however we have an unconstitutional monetary system as we removed gold and never replaced it with anything with a constitutional amendment. we have no constitutional money of account in the us.

I well remember when the US Dollar was worth 1/28th of an ounce of gold.   Now it's worth what ?  1/1,604th of an ounce of gold.   Remember,  gold hasn't changed in value.  It's the dollar that changed.    The more thay print the less value it has.

It is against the Constitution for any state to coin money..Article One section 10 (same paragraph that prohibited the Confederacy) The same paragraph mandates only Congressionally minted Gold and Silver coin can be made a tender in the payment of debts (to establish a certifiable national standard of weights and measure).The only way we can improve on that wise check and balance today is to coin metric gold and silver coins that would become the standard for the whole world instantly.That would REALLY ANGER EVERY CORRUPT GOVERNMENT ON EARTH.ARE YOU READY FOR A REVOLUTION OF LAW AND JUSTICE?

of course the democrats are against it.  How dare anyone want to stabalize the monitary system and limit Obama from printing and printing and taxing and taxing and spending and spending.  Democrats do not want a financially responsibile set of rules.

Great... now all we need are the other 49 states attorney's general to join in with their article 6 responsibility to uphold the constitution and abolish 16th, 17th Amendments (26th too while you're at it) the federal reserve bank and the IRS there little henchmen and get back the pre-1913 taxation model which was truly just... because you only paid taxes on what you spent - this economy would not be rivaled for success stories.

Suppose this was done throughout the US. How long would it be before we ran out of gold and silver to make coins with?

BaWackoBama just lubs Arizona's Jan Brewer, and Sheriif Joe Arpaio.Cause the paper will soon be Worthless

Oh great,I can see the express line being held up at Walmart again with produce on one scale,gold silver on another.

Gold and silver is going down the tube in a hand basket. Good pick AZ lawmakers. If you know about the law as much as you do about commodities your state is in real trouble.

We should have done this years ago but the dems don't want it

That being the case, then Arizona can pay all their taxes in gold and silver - no paper or credit allowed.Seems fair to me.

Please Please leave the Union &amp; go with Mexico!! There going to run you soon anyway!!

I remember when California was considered our countries "not quite right' child. These day Arizonia is going for a national record.Every 30 days there'ssomething new and looney from those batbrains. Their 'currency' would last 30 seconds with the International precious metals market and speculators. Apearently the population of Arizona is as crazy as the bureacrats they elect.

My god, our lawmakers have been taken over by pod people. I can only hope Arizona voters get out and VOTE and stop letting a few fringe crazies push our state further into Nutsville with each election.

They need to fill Arpaio's concentration camp with these secessionists twits. I lived in Arizona in the 70's. There was none of this right wing trash, just a few right wing nuts here and there. Did the snowbirds take over the State?

Great, now Arizona is going to take my tax dollars to mint coins....Give that backward state back to Mexico.

If we can't stop Ben Bernake, then something has to be done. The FED RESV is printing excessive amounts of dollars to the benefit of the inside few. This has to be stopped....

OK so are there any other "legitimately" produced gold coins you can buy as an investment, other then like the krugerand?  Maybe it's time to buy a gold dredge and go join those guys in Alaska!

During the times the US has had a central bank, the the economy tends to suffer. During those periods *without* a central bank, prosperity tends to happen. Its not black and white, but its statistically *highly significant*. End the Federal Reserve now.

Versus... The $85 BILLION worth of TOILET PAPER being printed... EACH and EVERY F'N !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MONTH ?????????????????????  EVICT this   DIRTBAG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What is sad is that so many Americans don't realize how worthless our printed dollars really are. Our money is being propped up on many fronts. The banks do not really have your money. By law they can loan out your money up to 40 times for every dollar.Should people begin to default on loans, there would be a domino effect to where the banks could not make good on peoples savings.There are many economists who realize this and are now beginning to preach it. As a concerned fellow American I say "Be Prepared". Precious metals may be one of our few options.

Arizona, trying to surpass Mississippi to the bottom of every list in the US!

Arizona is cutting edge....good ideas, good governor, a good sheriff.

Too bad their plan directly violates the U.S. Constitution.

This from the state that believes it's greatest enemy is the coming zombie apocalypse.Told ya that fragging was no good fer ya. Now we are gonna have to go down there and take all those zombies out of public office. I guess they were right.You can never go wrong with gold and silve.....our fiat money is only worth Obama's 'word'....and you know he tells the truth .....

I see Arizona is feeding into the paranoia of the dooms day propaganda!  learning how to hunt fish and garden would be a better idea!

Our money has value as long as we all believe it has value. It is just a way to easily exchange goods and services. It is unrealistic to have to carry around heavy gold or silver to buy and sell goods and services. As long as you can pay a person five US dollars for a product and that person can take that five dollars and go give it to someone else for another product or service, then it has value. It is convenient so why not just stick with the dollar?  Yes it has lost value over time, but it is supposed to...that is why people invest, buy something of value today for $500 and sell it in the future for more than $500. As long as the inflation is controlled, it works out fine. Keep the faith in the dollar as a convenient currency or else we will all be trading a bunch of bananas for a box of salt.

Anyone notice gold is valued in dollars? Gold is backed by the dollar. Paper dollar is just paper. Gold is just metal. It takes belief in either case. Neither has "real" value.

Arizona is way ahead of the curve. Notice the Democratic response is that the Fed should address this. Typical Lefturds!! Need the Fed Government to hold their hand to pee. Good job Arizona

I have some shovels to sell them for digging the bunkers under their houses.

So where are they getting the money to mint coins?  Oh, that's right, my tax dollars.  It's that 1% sales tax hike we allowed three years ago to allow them to balance the budget.  Now that they've had a $800 million budget surplus, they're trying to figure out how to spend it!

the party of stoopid

Latest news from Teabaggistan:North Dakota passes most restrictive abortion law in America; legislature proposes law to make abortion completely illegal.Rural Colorado sheriff says he will not enforce his states' new gun control law.Arizona lawmakers introduce plan to make gold and silver legal tender, take the U.S. back to the 19th century.Stay tuned for more entertainment and loonyness.

Glenn Beck is getting through to the dead heads. He does own the company.the value of gold just droped 75% because russia and china were dumping gold in order to destabilize arizona........   hypothetical

You know, for all of the ranting that conservatives do about the Constitution, they're constantly trying to violate it. Article One, Section Eight of the United States Constitution CLEARLY gives the power to coin and regulate currency to the government of the United States, not the state governments.

Federal reserve is you believe it or not. You are borrowing money from yourself but we let the Major Banks get in the middle so the federal reserve let's them borrow money for $.25% and they but our debt with our money and make 3.25% interest on it. Federal reserve is a great vehicle for the nation to control unemployment and inflation but why do we let the big Banks rip us off?

If Arizona is in favor of it, it must be a bad idea...

The main words in Arizona's desire to go back to gold ans silver coins are "not subject to tax". That's all there is to it, nothing else.

Wall Street doesn't seem to mind our currency system, but I'm sure Arizona legislators are much smarter.........

──────╔╗──╔╗──────║║──║║╔══╦══╣║╔═╝║║╔╗║╔╗║║║╔╗║║╚╝║╚╝║╚╣╚╝║╚═╗╠══╩═╩══╝╔═╝║╚══╝ oz.

I think it's most interesting, the growing vote of no-confidence in the federal government. And it is true that paper money is only "worth something" because basically everyone agrees to agree that it is. When push comes to shove, it's really only a bunch of pieces of paper. Will the time of her come when it's more valuable and handy as something to start a warming fire in the wilderness which will be the vestiges of our once great Society?

Too bad these liberal states aren't smart enough to do this. Oh well, when the system does collapse, all the liberals including liberal politicians, will say, "why didn't somebody warn us about this sooner?"  LOL

Is Arizona a hotbed for right-wing nuts or what?We need a border fence but we should put it on the north, east and west borders of Arizona.

Without even reading the story,just the title..I KNEW it was a tea party republican that proposed this..they seriously want to take the country back to the 1800's because they're STILL mad about getting their butts kicked in the civil war and losing their slaves..unbelievable

Everyone Panic.  And then Party!!!!

Well along with invading Iraq for Oil, America should now invade Australia or South Africa for Gold...

weird that these "lawmakers" never took even a basic course in economics.

LMAO at these morons.  When will we see some legislation concerning jobs come out of the GOP?  Everything is either abortion, guns, or gutting programs for the poor.

Mining intrests use to hold the WORLD hostage , it was BOOM or BUST , Never again ,GOPers are always trying to  drag the world backward!

BLAME GOP NIXON!!!!!

Screw the Federal Reserve.  Read "The Coming Economic Armageddon" by Dr. David Jeremiah and you will be on board with this concept!  Keep on pushing, Arizona and others will follow!

Gold is a commodity, just like pork bellies; it's fluctuates the same and can be fixed.  More madness from the great state of Arizona.  Go there often and I can tell you it has more than it's fair share of nuts and filberts...also some of the worst drivers!!Who in the right mind would be stupid enough to bring in a bar of gold to buy goods?

I've lived in Arizona, off and on, since 1975. Graduated from HS and college here. It's not the laid back, friendly place it once was when Linda Rondstadt was in the Top 10 and hippy chicks were jiggling around the U of A.Now, it's a Libertarian Hell hole where angry White people chain smoke cigarettes and drive aggressively on city streets so poorly maintained that you feel like you're riding in an oxcart. Unlike several other cities in the Southwest, Tucson's sidewalks are crowded with busted up people hobbling on artificial legs and rolling along in electric mobility chairs. Customers go into Walmart openly packing handguns because its perfectly legal (and Walmart is okay with it). And... people still have Mitt Romney stickers on their cars.What you are seeing in this article is the Arizona Tea Party's token effort to enact the gold-standard philosophy that their Goddess, Ayn Rand, advocated in her book, "Capitalism, The Unknown Ideal" (1966). As an ironic twist, the particular article advocating gold/silver currency was written by the future God of Fractional Reserve Banking, Alan Greenspan.If the Federal government was not actively shoveling highway repair, welfare, and education money into this State, Arizona would soon look like the setting for a Mad Max movie. These angry capitalists are trashing on of the most beautiful places on earth in their search for every available penny of profit.Feel sorry for Arizona. It's a shameful example of what happens to decent, hard-working people after *laissez-faire* capitalists get ahold of them.

One more scam. Fort Knox is empty. The government has no gold. There hasnt been an audit of its contents since 1953!! Why? Because its empty. One more scam and a way for them to get your gold. Not as brazen as the way FDR stole American's gold but a scam none the less.

Hey Mp5: the Federal deficit exploded from $5.768 trillion when Bush assumed office to over $10.626 trillion when Bush left office.  That's something to consider today, which marks the 10th anniversary of Bush taking the first flush in the huge Iraq money toilet.

While modern societies are moving towards a cashless society, some less advanced cultures still use primitive tokens to facilitate trade of goods...

We need our economy based on the american gold miners.... so everybody else in the economy, you make zero contribution... you may as well be put to death... shameful!!

Arizona's genius's lack of faith in the dollar in what is known as a contrary indicator. Time to short gold and be long the dollar.

Every hiccup overseas is chasing money here. That means the dollar will increase in value and gold will lose value, and interest rates here will remain low.

Gold has almost no industrial use. It's value relative to platinum , which has many uses, and whose value it exceeded at it's peak, is still at the historical high end. Gold gained value as insurance against systemic failure of the global economy. Time has healed many of the economic wounds we suffered here in the USA due to the housing bubble. As we get further from that economic crisis, gold's value relative to the US dollar will decline back to historical norms $400 to $500 per ounce.

Utah wasted millions of dollars so ONE man could pay his taxes in gold for the cameras... Congrats!!One... that was the total served by this law...One...the SMALL GOVERNMENT solution is to let the gold bugs buy all the gold they want... and if society collapses, they hit the pointless jackpot...i will stick to the convenience of OUR dollar... cuz it makes cents

That's all fine and dandy as long as they can fit inside a vending machine slot.

Here is the solution. From now on we print dollars with 3 atoms of gold in them. Then all the money is backed by gold (and you can still pay with paypal).

Gold backed money fell out of favor in world war one because countries need to print money to fight the war, gee whogot screwed there, the common man who bleed in that need less war, and had his wealth stolen from him by the printing of paper money.

Supposedly our satellites can detect mineral deposits, with Star Trek like sensors and photographic devices.  China didn't seem to have much gold, now they mine and refine it as the worlds largest gold producer.

Article 1, Section 10 of the U.S. Constitution says, among other things:"No State shall...make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts...."If they really wanted to make a point, they would ban the acceptance of the unconstitutional fiat currency altogether.

"The measure is Arizona's latest jab at the federal government, which prohibits states from minting their own money. It also reflects a growing distrust of government-backed money. "I'm not aware of any such law, as long as the money is gold or silver and doesn't counterfeit the federal stuff.

I learned the Fed was a scam from a website that also taught me how to satellite proof my home and economically remove the fluoride from my water...

We can't switch back to the gold or silver standard, that ship has sailed, because there is probably not enough gold or silver available on the planet, to cover our currency supply and debt.

Rand Paul lunacy  V 2.5 !Jerks:  This is the type of currency we've had over time...wow, so we can go to Tulips then?  they were a currency.  Salt?  Paper?  Fabric?I love these RUBES that stand on "historic" precedents that don't know what they're talking about.  Man has been around longer than gold or silver coins and has used a vast number of things as currency aside from those two.Arizona needs to get a life and stop wasting tax payer money thumbing their nose at the Federal Govt.  How bout those land values AZ?  Got any big problems to worry about or do you just wanna spend money on baseless poking's at the bear?

Another AZ law to be tossed out in court. They must be getting close to record by now.

For thoes of you that don't know:Item 1, Arizona polotics are OWNED by the mining industry.Item 2, this is a very good proposal for the mining industry.Item 3, this is a proposal by the mining industy entirly based on what is good for their bottom line.  Item 4, Glen Beck works for the mining industry.Item 5, Your corporate news won't tell you thisItem 6, Fox is the "best" at promoting (in selling and null stories) corporate propaganda

Arizona politicians would back Gila monster turds for currency if they could profit from it!

Most people carry plastic these days; it's either Debit or Credit.  Meanwhile the AZ kooks want to carry gold bars around?  What a bunch of loons.

How much taxpayer money do Arizona politicians waste each year with childish exercises like this? This is like a three-year-old throwing a tantrum. You can just see the little arms folded defiantly over the chest and the little frown and wrinkled brow. They have no solutions to anything at all, just pointless gestures that amount to nothing more than knocking the game pieces off the table onto the floor because they're not winning. I suppose they, once again, expect to be taken seriously while engaged in cheap theatrics that do nothing but prop up the politicians themselves in the eyes of the rednecks. Everybody's desperate to be important, even to the extent that they will say or do anything just to make noise. I wonder if these hicks actually believe they "know" something the rest of us don't. What a joke. Like it's actually going to happen.

Here is why investing in gold at this point in time is very, very dangerous.  Okay boys and girls after you read what I say go Google it.The German government notified three nations that were storing Germany's gold reserves that Germany was physically bringing all those metric tons of gold bullion physically back to Germany.The three nations storing these vast amounts of gold for Germany were (1) France (2) England and (3) the United States.  France and England told the Germans that they could take their gold back.Our country (the United States) on the other hand has not agreed.  When the Bundesbank of Germany stated they wanted their auditors to confirm that Germany's gold reserves were all accounted for the U.S. only let an auditor see some of the gold.  Now you do not need a degree in nuclear physics to see what is going on here.For some reason our country will not allow the government of Germany to have access to their own gold which was being stored in the U.S.  Did the U.S. use some of Germany's gold and now the U.S. has to scramble to replace the German's gold?Gold is already of $1,600 per troy ounce.  If the U.S. has to purchase gold because they improperly used German's then yes the price of gold will rise.  Now it is time for a history lesson.Years ago some nation saw that gold was getting up there and to pay off some national debt this country dumped tons and tons of gold on the market.  The price of gold dropped fast.Now then, Germany is bringing back G-d knows how many tons of gold to their soil.  As we all know the Euro nations are having some problems with their banks and their nation's debt load. If history is any indication of what is to come, then I would not be surprised if Germany sold a lot of gold at the current prices which of course would have an almost immediate effect of causing the price of gold to plummet.So if Arizona were to buy gold at oh let us say $1,600 per troy ounce and then some nation dumped gold onto the market to pay off their debt load and the price of gold fell oh 30% that means for every $1 Arizona invests they would lose a hair over 33 cents if such a series of events were to take place.s076669

There isn't enough gold in existence to support the backing of U.S. currency.  That was true in Nixon's time and even more true today.  It's doubtful that Arizona would be able to acquire enough gold or silver to even back their own economy.  They know this.  They're just grandstanding.

"The public sees the value in it," said Republican Rep. Steve Smith, of Maricopa. "This is the type of currency we have had over the history of mankind."  - Any student of history will tell you that we currently live in the most economically stable and prosperous time known to man. We live longer and have greater food security than ever before. That's a fact. Keynsian economics using fiat currencies, if reasonably (not even well, just reasonably) managed, do work.

Obviously the shrooms are in ample supply....By all means go back to the gold standard. Then you can kiss whatever amount of the so-called fake money you think you have goodbye.

Great idea to have foreign investors change the value of your currency (bullion) as they see fit.  What could possibly go wrong?

Ya' know ... as a resident of Arizona I like to tell people I'm from here because of my pride in the state's unique history, geography and climate. The saguaro, for example, exists nowhere else in the world except in Arizona and a portion of northwestern Mexico. We have the Grand Canyon ... Sedona ... Tombstone... that corner in Winslow ... endless open desert ... high, snow-capped mountains and lush green forests. In February, for example, you can start out your day in Phoenix wearing shorts and sandals, drive north and be skiing in Flagstaff before noon.I love Arizona.Then one of these Conservative jack#$%$ opens up their mouth or pushes some ridiculous bill and its facepalm ...

"These doomsayers are pushing forward legislation that...," "The measure is Arizona's latest jab at the federal government,..."   Doomsayers?  Latest jab?  The AP doesn't even attempt to hide the biased reporting anymore.  Journalism is anything but nowadays.

It is illegal to barter with other currency in the USA.

We know they are radical idiots, so that must mean they are republicans.

The largest gold reserves in the world are in South Africa and Russia, if gold became our currency those countries could manipulate the price of gold any time they want by flooding the market with gold or alternatively shutting down a few gold mines to starve the world of gold. Would you rather have foreign counties controling our currency or our own government. Think People, Think!

This would help a little.. But the damage is already done...  How many of you have gold or silver just laying around??  I know I do :) :) :)  Get yourself some..

So it was NIxon who abandoned the gold standard. Not surprising since we now know that because he undermined Johnsons peace efforts in Viet Nam and 22,000 American soldiers lost their lives and many more were wounded, lost limbs or suffer PTSD because Nixon the TRAITOR wanted to win the election. He was also guilty of the Watergate break in (again trying to gain the advantage in the election for POTUS but was caught and forced to resign.He should have been at the very least imprisoned for life for his actions but he got away with it all. Johnson and Hubert Humphrey also knew Nixon was a traitor and said nothing so they are accessories after the fact and guilty of treason as well. It would seem all politicians are criminals, not to be trusted.

I will not help crucify mankind on a cross of gold-- willaim jennings bryanWhy is arizona going backwards-- papers please - gold standardHow about fresh ideas for the 21 st centurySounds like a prudent thing to do. The Federal Reserve's balance sheet is already at 3.5 trillion of monopoly money backed only by Barrack Obama's smile and Uncle Ben's willingness to print untold trillions more.....

FOX NEWS the past 5 years... THE SKY IS FALLING!!! BLACK HELICOPTERS!!!! BUY GOLD!!!

I can just see someone hauling gold or silver coins around for purchases!  What if the store doesn't accept it?  What if the store wants to charge you a fee for exchanging it?  What if the store doesn't have change?  What if you and the store disagree on the value of it?  Lawmakers who waste time and money making laws that are useless need to be stripped of office and booted out.  That's OUR money they're wasting while other more pressing problems go unnoticed and ignored!

My ex is from Az........what a K)&amp;U&amp;N(*T

Want to blame someone for taking us off the gold standard? Blame Nixon - he's the one that did it....another wonderful Republican idea come home to roost....

Yeah, like the price of gold is all that stable.  In 1970 gold average price = $36.  Now the average price is $1570 per toz.  Inflation of currency is nowhere the inflation of the price of gold.  Another bright idea by the republicans straight out of the 1800's.

There must be something in the air in Arizona.

Between McCain, Brewer, and now this.. I think Arizona has gotten the sleeper car on Crazy train.

Do you own that dollar bill that’s in your wallet?  No.  When the Federal Reserve prints that dollar they do not go the store and buy groceries or other goods with it.  They loan it to someone.  When you loan someone something you do not relinquish title to it, you expect it to be returned to you and in this case, with interest.  However if you can trade that paper for something tangible like silver, gold, a car, etc then you do own that.  The loser is the one that has nothing but paper that belongs to someone else and cant trade it any longer.

Amazing how Ms. Silva omits that FDR ordered the confiscation of gold held by Americans with an Executive Order...REHYPOTHECATION!I have a good idea for Congress and Obama. Pay them in 1971 dollars and make them convert all their millions they make while in office and after they get out of office into 1971 dollars until they get us back on the gold standard and our dollar back to 1971 levels. Funny how they all get rich after being elected and we get poorer?  Republican President Nixon took us off the gold standard and the dollar is worth about 19 cents today of what it was worth in 1971. There will be some thumbs down on this, a few people still trust the government. Thumbs up if you don't trust our government with your money.

In other news, the Con Moe Ron Arizona government has announced that it will spend $50 billion to install mass spectrometry assay equipment at every checkstand at every Walmart, Target, CVS, 7/11, etc. in the state in order to accept gold and silver as payment.

are they now introducing LSD into the water?

that tea bag idea is as good as lowering medical costs of medicare by paying doctors with chickens and guns.

They think that gold is more valuable than paper because gold is shiny.

I  have  always loved  Arizona,,now I love it more  kudos to  the law on that one

Way to uphold the Constitution Arizona !

Pretty soon the NRA will demand that guns be our official currency.

The author says "doomsayers are pushing forward legislation". And author Cristina Silva believes in the American government printing unlimited money. I have a suggestion for her; I will give her $40 dollars for each $20 dollar gold American Eagle coin she gives me, double face value. I wonder how long it will take her to wake up. Any other pro-government financial wizards want to take me up on the offer?

pass a law that politician have to have at lest a double digit IQThe United States is BANKRUPT, they just haven't told anyone yet. PAPER MONEY IS WORTHLESS except to those who don't know it's WORTHLESS. Spend all the paper money you have before others catch on that its no good!!

Time to sell AZ to Mexico

Why is it the Repubs always go paranoid and start with conspiracys and doom and gloom.  Wow it would seem to me with all the witch hunts and the crazieness of trying to find cover ups and the smoking gun they would be exhausted by now.  The drug companys should see a large growth in sale to Repubs in the coming years as they continue to lose elections.

Oh Arizona... why must you continue to embarrass me?

Less printed money = fewer wars "Gold-backed money fell out of favor during World War I because the U.S. and many other countries needed to print more cash to pay for the war."

Let's see, I get a privately minted gold coin that says it is worth $100 (a pretty small coin) or a silver coin that says $5 (also really small).  How do I know that they are real unless I take them to the assay office - not that we have many of those anymore.

Arizona wants to go back to when America was Great!  It had slaves, bankers controlled and owned everything, shooting at each other in the streets, brothels, cousins getting married at 14 years old, dirt roads, three economic depressions in the span of 50 years, Dust Bowl, and legitimate rape-

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.that is the reason why our economic system is controlled by the corrupt central bankers. the treasury should control our money supply, NOT the private and unelected federal reserve.

When I was young the bills all were silver notes. Some of the larger bills, $500, were gold notes. Wish I had kept some of them. Coins were made from real silver and pennies were copper, not these hybrid plated coins we have today. And I disagree with the notion this would be a burden on businesses. A simple scale, the internet, and some basic math makes the dollar conversion from gold/silver easy. However, what about the change you get back? One thing, I don't think there is enough gold and silver to back all the currency that's been printed over the years.

i just fartedShouldn't you nutty armageddon types be in a bunker up in the hills rather than in the Arizona legislature?

we just voted in my house 4-2 to kick Arizona out of the country.. No more McCain federal jobs no more federal money No S,S, medicare. and you can take care of your borders without the feds help. Enjoy

more lunacy from the nutjob state! too much sun there fries their brains...

Who the heck is writing this article?  Currency is made of a paper &amp; cotton/linen mix, or in Canada, plastic.  Precious metal coins are manufactured from "specie."

When the big collapse comes gold and silver will be as worthless as paper money because there will be precious little to buy. I invested in lead surrounded by brass and backed up by smokeless powder. The .22 long rifle round will be the preferred medium of exchange in a post economic collapse trade sceniaro. Go to Wal-mart right now and see if you can buy a brick of .22 rounds.  Call any major ammo supplier and try to oder bulk ammo......you will either be told it is not available or that there is a long back order time. You will have to pay premium for any common round.

I will be selling my home of twenty five years this year, taking the profit, buying Gold and silver, guns and ammo,  and look for a safe place, away from the big cities, to wait for the revolution. ...OLD GI that shot "Expert" with an M 14....

gold and silver is real money.  Arizona is just starting to realize this and so is alot of Americans who are waking up to the fact that the Federal Reserve dollar is a scam.

Obama FAIL, debt over 17 billion, 30% of which is loan payments, how more stupid do you have to be?!

Arizona dollars will be like Disney dollars... a fun collectable, but not valid anywhere else...

Nope... still no hyperinflation...Arizona, Arizona - there you go again!

These "Idiots" have been in the Sun to long.

Gold, silver, currency, it matters not. It's all illusion, fraud, and fakery, nothing but "Defined" value, and a defined value is no REAL value . All such symbols have all the reality of a magician's cheap card trick, but without any entertainment value and in fact are dangerous.

Arizona - Jan Brewer - nut cases.

And then Arizonians will be encouraged to bury the precious metals in the desert for safekeeping. Can't trust them banks!

Seems they know the value of the Petro- Dollar

Everyone need only thank the GOP and President Nixon for this tremedous disservice to the world over.  To make the UNIT OF VALUE OF ANY CURRENCY SOMETHING AS VAGUEAND SPECIOUS AS A GOVERNMENT is the ultimate of reckless abandon.

OK, you dont like the fiat monetary system... fine...but do you have to make the gold standard the replacement?  why not just use barter?

Something is going on if States are beginning to try an get this implemented, that's for sure!!

Has the water in Arizona been tested for peyote?  it would sure explain a lot......Arizona, retaking the lead as whackiest red state.  Arkansas is in hot pursuit.

if the goverment put your SS tax into gold or silver when they started taxing you -  we would be retireing with millions in our accounts - instead - we get what??

our dollar is not based on gold so I wonder what it is based on because they sure are printing a lot of it now!

Paper Money, agreat tool devised by elites to steal from the worker. Gold and silver protect against the banker/politician theives. Communists/Facists hate gold, silver, which is honest money because it lessens their control over the worker.

"The Republican-led Senate gave the bill its blessing in February in a 17-11 partisan vote." ----Should read: The Republican-led Senate gave it's blessing by barking like the trained seals that they are! Toady the Wonder Clown entertained the partisan group by playing with his own feces.

Bunch of kooks.

"The Republican-led Senate gave the bill its blessing in February in a 17-11 partisan vote." -----like living in a state where everyday is Idiot day.

LOL.  It's been the only legal currency in America  for over 150 years.

It must get very, very hot in Arizona and  peoples' brains  get fried.    The impractical lunacy of their suggestion.      Even a system like before, where our currency is backed by gold or when silver certificates circulated, could not survive the realities of a global system of intermediation.

I wish the trend of states turn blue would speed up.I mean using gold and silver as currency in one state. I mean there is no way I could see robberies and muggings go up.  Noperepublicans are idiots

Why would anyone object to gold and silver as a medium of exchange between willing participants?

I cannot tell you how embarrassing it is to live in the state of Arizona................

"Gold-backed money fell out of favor during World War I because the U.S. and many other countries needed to print more cash to pay for the war."  This is what Ron Paul has been saying for years about the Fed and fiat money, and the need to return to the gold standard.  WAKE UP FOLKS!  Have you heard the news in Cyprus?  It could happen here too.

The sun in Arizona has baked all intelligence out of their legislature.

This calls for a new Iphone app to see how pure shavings actually are before you get your burger.

I am guessing Obama will send his lawyers back to AZ again.

Enslaved through interest usury and income taxes, just as Nathan Rothschild said: "Give me control of a nation's currency and I care not who makes its laws".  JFK wasn't the first to try and stop them. Abraham Lincoln refused to take loans from the 'Central Bank of the USA' = The Federal Reserve Bank (renamed after the CB's charter was revoked for usury).  Wake Up, America.  It is not too late to change course.

They must have invested very heavily in Gold and Silver.

can't really comment, don't know much about this, but both gold and oil are based on a perception on what people think, they are worth. So don't know if it'll do any good to change over.This all part of the plan to collapse USD.  Why else would We have a POTUS with an assumed name.  He is a fraud known by both DHS and Justice, but do nothing about it.Think about Obama’s mother working in microfinance with Timothy Geithner’s fatherat the Ford Foundation in Indonesia. What are the odds? And that’s just one “coincidence.”"If it can happen in Cyprus, it can happen anywhere,..Is this why the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has purchased millions of hollow point bullets, is this why rumors of an underground bunker being built for Obama are circulating?”

well I did not even read much of this but liked and agreed with the little I saw.Distrust of government backed money,not subject to tax or regulation

Arizona is a rogue state where it seems only the crazies go to.

Maybe the heat, sun and desert has affected the lawmakers and law enforcement people in AZ. They seem to be standing on a legal cliff and teetering on the edge!

lol.... Gold and silver are already legal tender.   Sereously you need to leave that alone and let the banks do that.   Its worthless and a waste of precious time of which, we the people, are paying you for to make a law which is absolutely unnecesary... and which will deliberately tick of the federal government because printing and minting legal tender is a federal power.

This is but another step in secession of the states, a state by declaring their own laws such as in the legalazation of pot and now the minting or printing of their own money in violation of federal law.

I want to be paid in salt, firewood and bread.

The measure is Arizona's latest jab at the federal government, which prohibits states from minting their own money. It also reflects a growing distrust of government-backed money.It's NOT government backed money though! It's UNLAWFUL $ issued PRIVATELY by the World Criminal Banker Cartel.Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver.How typical of the Libtards to undermine America some more...

There is enough gold and silver to go around.  You just use less of it in each coin and the Paper simply acknowledges the amount of your gold per transaction.  Before Computers teh gold in Fort KNOW belonging to other countries was moved from cage to cage and may still be moved through computer transactions.  Before it was sent by wire or fax or phone verifications before the money was moved from one countries cage of gold to another.

dosent the dollar cost more then a buck to print kinda like the penny costn like 3 cents to stamp ???&gt;&gt;Keith Weiner, president of the Gold Standard Institute, which supports gold-backed &gt;&gt;currencies, said he envisions a system where people can pay for goods and services with &gt;&gt;debit and credit cards backed by gold and silver.Who creates this system ? Same people who are driving the currency system.  How is it any different ? He thinks he is smarter then them.... Without any currency how do you even value Gold and Silver ? Why should I sell you a can of soup for 10gms of silver ? I need 50gms - who is going to decide this ? Walmart or Kmart or Target ?

AZ depends a lot on the Fed. If the Fed doesn't want to pay in gold backed currency, people loose their jobs and get hungry in a hurry.

Too much sun ruined their minds.

END THE FEDERAL RESERVE, Restore sound money

Arizona is taking Texas over for the most ridiculous moronic state in the union.

Follow Iceland's lead people, wake the H_E_L_L up!

The Federal beast are not over the states. The Federal beast receives it's power from the states, and people. That beast is a Corporation of the Globalist banker criminals, and should be dissolved, and the states regulate themselves.

Nice to see all that gold and silver paranoia advertising during Conservative talk radio is finally paying off...

Try putting a gold doubloon into a Coke machine.

Kooky gold bugz!!Can someone get me a market price for silver?  I have to make change for a gold nugget cuz some jerk wanted to buy some coffee...

Gold bugs are kooky...

Good God, are there ANY sane Republicans left???

The gold standard is a great idea for people with no debt.  If you have debt and support the gold standard, you are a moron.  Sadly, the people with the most debt are the poor and thus, like most Republican ideas, this is another way to line the pockets of the rich at the cost of chitting on the poor.

Arizona needs to seceed from the United Sates. This place is bat S%^&amp; crazy man.

I did not know Marijuana was legal in Arizona. Those lawmakers should take it easy though.

Why don't you back sand?

Kooky kooky gold bugs!

Taking us off the gold standard was just another thing that Nixon poked the pooch on

Ahh, AZ. A state filled with old crotchety xenophobic white males filled with fear. Oh, they take my guns, Oh, the commies are taking over, Oh, the illegals are stealing us blind, Oh the world is coming to an end, let's stock up in our cave. Most off course with educational level of a door #$%$, never made it passed the local McDonalds (and I'm not even talking about their State government).Can you imagine how big a $2,50 dollar gold piece will be? They will need plenty of govt. regulation and oversite to make sure they don't rip off the uexpected. Pennies is the best way to go. They cost 3 cents to make and you can get them for 1 cent. A bargan no republican can pass up. Nickles cost a dime. Another bargan.

way to go Arizona! I'm really starting to feel proud of America again!

More hill billy war drum beating get a life

Anyone can print money you can't print gold.

"...a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver."...whereas any fool can figure out the value of paper...what with Helicopter Ben strewing$85B/MONTH on his TBTF buddies?There's no point in having silver coinsto grocery shop with while the bread isstill evaluated in U$'s.Will employees be paid in specie?Which won't?It will take more than this.

AZ: America's third world.

This is ridiculous. States do not have the power to create currency under the Constitution. Plus, #$%$?!? Like we don't have enough important things to worry about than creating a state gold and silver currency.Just what I need:  The local barber shop and Dollar Store with signs up "Will Mint Coins From Your Gold!"

To all the People who think this is a bad idea; your comment proves that you know ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about the gold standard vs. paper money.If I give you a one-hundred dollar bill today, in 6 months it will only buy you $99 of value due to inflation.  If I give you $100 worth of gold today, in 6 months that gold will be worth between $110 and $115 (possibly more).I live and work in West Africa, but my residence is in Scottsdale and I deal in Gold.  So believe me when I say that the gold is much better than a piece of paper with numbers printed on it!  When the recession or depression hits, the paper will be worth a lot less, but the gold will be worth a lot more.So stick to you paper money - I'll keep the gold.

having a gold standard is like having money in the bank for bills. Without the gold standard is like putting your bills on a credit card

Idiots.I think Hitler started the type system we have now, based their currency on what the country was worth instead of how much gold they had in their treasury.

guess I'll have to use my gold card instead of the blue one.

This comment probably won't get me yahoo's yellow ribbon, and I didn't read all 1000+ comments, but of the 50 or so I did read I could not find one single accurate or intelligent  comment about the Fed or our monetary system. We need to teach basic economics in the High Schools.

Bless Nixon who smartly took us off the gold standard when there was a foreign run on our money.....

China has already arranged trade with 26 countries, including Russia, that will allow unlimited trade if those countries drop the US dollar and trade with the renminbi. The US dollar will cease to be the world's reserve currency and the run's that you see taking place in Cyprus will soon hit Europe, and then the US. The Federal Reserve is connected with all ancient families and has furthered the slavery of the world since it's unlawful and unconstitutional creation in 1913. But, by all means, keep playing in the stock market and believing what MSNBC is telling you.

wILLIAM jennings bryan  arises fromthe  grave..

federal reserve a scam, bushes in the grove, new world order, the masons, the beiderbilgers, the underground bunkers, the fema camps, the staged crisises all over the place, the wag the dog media, the crisis in education, the lack of morals, the sell out supreme court, and now

People refuse learn the lessons of what has happened in the past with funny money economies, and it will come back to haunt them; The Weimar Republic in Germany,  Italy (post WW2), Zimbabwe, Spain, Greece, and Ireland, among others are suffering inflation or hyperinflation.  The European Union could well collapse because of Greece, Spain, and Ireland and the insistence of spending. The only reason the U.S.A hasn't gone hyperinflation is because we are still the world reserve currency. What will liberals do when the United States dollar is no longer the reserve currency because China and other countries will no longer want to keep buying our debt and the dollar collapses? What will happen when the Federal Reserve and Treasury can no longer keep buying the debt and the dollar collapses?Where will you go for your welfare? Where will you go for education? For Social Security? For housing? For your defense and law enforcement? Will you riot blindly in the street when you don't get your entitlements, like they do in Greece? What will you do when mobs of jobless and hungry people ransack your home and business?Keep hiding your head in the sand and tell yourself it'll be all right, or it's not 'my problem'.

Coming from the repukes in Arizona, just another moron, one of the worst RED STATES, Typical commie republicans....propaganda propoganda propoganda.  We, the people have put a lot of tea baggers out of a job last Nov....more to come in 2014

Someone's going to get rich.  1$ worth of gold or silver makes a very small coin.  Just go down with a wallet full of greenbacks and see how much gold and silver you can pick up in change.  Bet it'll be worth more as scrap than its face value...This is what happens when we put loonies in charge of Government.  We get loonie policies that will hurt the national government as well as businesses.So.... How much gold dust do I need to buy that snickers candybar?

What is with Arizona anyway... Must be all that dry heat.

Damn - I just might have to move to Arizona - these government officials (unlike the current administration) have got real sense.

This is idiotic.  Did everyone from AL suddenly move to AZ because they couldn't spell?

Cash 4 Gold... you sly fox, you

What the F is wrong with Arizona?  What year do they think this is?

Metals/paper money/farm acreage: only worth what people will agree on. My 1969 Roadrunner Convertible is worth a fortune only to someone who thinks it is worth what I would ask. It's all relative.....

These guys in AZ don't get that they are not their own nation. I say the feds just cut their funding for a couple of months to remind them where they get most of their money.

Well, I just love my gorgeous Arizona. They are down home, out west, somewhat normal kind of moral folk with common sense and a lot of faith. I love Arizona. And I always will.

Hemp farming and production is what we need to focus on as a country.  The finest food, clothing, construction materials, paper, oil, plastics are made with hemp.  Hemp is the commodity of the future.  China is booming their hemp production to meet up with the world's demands, the US being the highest demand for hemp products.  When are we going to wake up and start growing it here?  Do we have to starve to death first?So in effect Arizona lawmakers wants to go back to the old days....what's next go back to the barter system?....people in Arizona remember you voted for these idiots.

Wow, these idiots are in total denial.  Arizona is a disgusting state.

you can thank the trillion dollar defict  for all you type 2 diabetic renal failure, overweihgt medical costs that cost millions more than you ever paid in.

I wish Arizona would just secede, get the s----stomped out of them and start over with adults in charge. This state has turned into one massive joke with no punchline.

Aman brothers and sisters.

Like Libya, the Arizona citizens better watch out....the army will be sent in to "liberate" the state on behalf on the bankers.

i believe  the FED is not legal nor constitutional

Thanks Cypress . You just lowered are bond rates further.

We tried to give Arizona back to Mexico, but they refused...

Declaring gold and silver coins legal tender also changes their tax status, as currency they are not subject to sales tax and any incease in dollar value is given a lower capital gain tax rate than other "tangibles".Who cares?  Nobody uses even paper money anymore; it's all debit and credit cards.

Arizona....like texas, only the tinfoil hats are smaller

"Can anyone give me a flake of gold for this soda machine?"Arizona's stupidity is shining.

We should give Arizona back to the Mexicans, as it was before 1848. After all, they were there first.

I for one don't want to carry around nuggets and dust.

Does Arizona still allow lead in paint? It seems that something is dumbing them down.

Who cares now the world is junk bombed all over the place nothing grows anymore its over well hope God comes home soon

If the "...global economy is on the precipice of financial ruin...", wouldn't it be better to stockpile wheat and beans? Perhaps tinfoil hats should be the financial currency.

sounds like they are smoking crack again in Arizona state house

sounds like someones mind is still back in cowboy days and is living out a fantacy .All Arizona is doing is slitting it's own throat economically.They don't remember the words of Chairman Ron???

When does the USA ban Arizona and build a wall around it to keep the #$%$ in?

Every Arizona lawmaker that has stock in gold or silver, and are trying to legislate this monetary change, should be charged with treason and hung.

I stopped reading after "Arizona lawmakers..."

Gold has no intrinsic value, it is similar to a ponzi scheme.

Who is going to control how much the gold and silver will be worth? Who will it favor? How will this effect the middleclass? Will the price change at the whim of a few that have the most gold and silver? Don't trust the federal government but you will trust the state government.

"Welcome to Arizona. Please leave your brain at the border. You can pick it up when you leave. Enjoy your stay."

"Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver."  What equipment are they talking about?  Democrats oppose the measure because the Feds would lose their monoploy on money, and the paper dollar would be exposed for the fraud that it is.

This should be interesting.

The taxes you pay to the government dont even cover the INTREST the government owes to the private company "the federal reserve" that prints your fiat bank notes... How do they pay for roads and defense spending? They borrow more money from the private federal reserve at INTREST... Bring back real money - gold and silverIf voters in this country had been smart and did what I did...VOTED FOR RON PAUL...then we would have already been back on precious metal backed currency by now or would at least have hard asset backed competing currency vs the USD.

It is the only way to stop the current insanity of debt, spending and borrowing we have. Ron Paul was right all along.

arizona? are they part of the united states?

Hey, how do those those SFB's (shoot for brains) in Arizona pretend to use and pay their credit cards? Ah sir, you forgot to sign your gold zinc alloy coin; if you don't mind. SFB's.

The American revolutionaries fought the English to be free of tyranny, against taxation without representation, and freedom from the financial hold of the Bank of  England.  We are not represented by a two party system.  We are to diverse and dynamic.  The Federal Reserve is not a part of the federal government.  The U.S. government exchanges federal reserve notes (I.e. dollars) for U.S. bonds.  The Fed. notes are not equal exchange, one for one.  They arrive with interest.  For every one dollar printed is equal to a dollar plus interest.  Now how are we going to get out of debt?  The tyranny has arrived to some citizens on the fringe of society.  The more desperate those that sit on top of this ponzi scheme pyramid become the more citizens we will see affected by their tyranny.If a State wants to allow its citizens to also trade in silver and gold then so be it.  Land of the free, as I tire of this ol'song.  For I do not see many brave among us.  Only a divided nation of right or left with no much middle ground.  Divided we will fall."Those that do not know history act as though they were born yesterday"Howard Zinn

How did I know the Rectumblicons were behind this folly?

I had to sell my gold and silver to pay bills since that paper money paycheck my husband brings home seems to only stretch far enough to wipe our @$$es with...

It wouldn't be that these people are sitting on a bunch of gold now would it?Naaah, not some politician. I'm sure the average American has tons of gold laying around huh?. And when the dollar is worthless how are you going to get all that gold that you don't have..lol

All sounds good and great but in the sad but truthful end-------- COPPER and LEAD WILL Rain like in the days of old and this is due to GREED

That's quite a group down there, the Arizona legislature. Are they building an underground bunker too? And stocking it with guns and pork fat?The hateful right makes me laugh.  They can not handle the fact that Obama brought the country back after the Bush years.  36 straight months of job growth, the stock market is back, housing prices are rising, the auto industry is saved.  Bin Laden is dead and our troops are home from Iraq.The country made the right choice on Nov. 6Arizona is a welfare state.

I guess I need to move to Arizona.  Lawmakers there actually have sense and aren't drinking big government kool-aid.

What the heck is going on? So now we have carry around pouches of little gold coins? I suppose that means we all need to get capes and pack animals to carry our wares. I have some pots to sell at only 20 gold sovereigns. Any takers?

Nutjobs

In other news, Arizona lawmakers debated allowing horseless carriages to operate in their state.

Can we just give AZ back to Mexico?  We could take Baja in trade...

This is simply a ploy to eliminate short term capital gains taxes on the trade of gold and silver.

Instead of fighting Arizona's wish to secede, why don't we just throw them out?

hat do they put in the arizona water........i think the sun has fried their brains.....really!

There's clearly too much sun and not enough clean water in Arizona because they are just bat caca crazy there from the Teabagger racist Minutemen, that birther Sheriff Arapo, the governor who passed the abortion law stating that women are pregnant BEFORE conception, etc.  This is what happens when the crazy nutjob Tea Partiers are in charge."Democrats oppose the measure" -- or anything else that allows people to be free of government control.

Still cant Eat or Drink GOLD...What happens when the guy with the apples and water doesnt want your gold ?? But really likes the looks of your daughter..

I didn't know glenn beck was the governor of Arizona

In a country where the president has successfully made the "food stamp" worth more than the dollar bill, precious metals are the only way to go.

the next craziness by the tea party

Let them go for it!! Then when the Bottom drops off of Metals (look at history)  we"ll all get a good Laught!!

Basic problems with Gold Standard1. Russia and South Africa Produce 90% of gold2. Cannot control inflation on a gold standard3. Hording of Gold worsened the Great Depression4. As aggregate stock is depleted, deflation takes hold and jobs are lost5. Gold Mining Consumes Valuable Resources6. Gold mining is printing of moneyHence, bad idea and simpletons need some courses in economics.

""The public sees the value in it"....so they're doing this because the public is clamoring for it?

Economies grow and get larger and larger.  Are we really supposed to dig some rocks out of the ground for every GDP dollar that gets created?  Every store is going to change their prices regularly for the fluctuations in value of your gold coin and for dollars?  Nice thought, but no.PS - gold gets way over-inflated and drops, and if things are so bad that money and debit accounts aren't worth a #$%$, shinny coins aren't getting you a chicken (any any food) from our farm.I suppose that next they'll claim the value of gold and gems aren't manipulable.

My GF way back in the 90's used to get an ounce of gold on her birthday and Xmas from both her father and grandfather.  She used to complain to me all the time.  She would just put it in her safety deposit box. She had tons of the stuff.  Bet she's not complaining now.Even a ignorant liberals knows the truth about our money problems , the problem is they just can`t see it , our president told them so!

What about bricks of marijuana

Lets make leaves the new official currency and burn down all the trees so the economy doesn't collapse and hope we don't all die of a public telephone transmitted disease.

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.Uh, Rep Gabaldon, do you realize that the Federal Reserve is a private entity and NOT a Gov't agency? Perhaps you should know what you're talking about before you try to push your "economic knowledge" on the rest of us here in AZ.

"It's actually strange to me that we don't have this already"-Rep David Livingston. Really??? Cause I seem to remember Ron Paul suggesting this very thing in 2008 and EVERYONE thought he was nuts for suggesting it. And Rep Rosanna Gabaldon should be fired for being so stupid. Seriously, "We should let the Federal Reserve address this", that's your answer....Amazing

They already audited the fed. The media did not report it. The fed printed up and gave away 16 trillion to banks and corporations around the world, in the form of INTEREST FREE loans, which have not been paid back, between the years 2007 2010.For more info , google bernie sanders federal reserve audit.

Maricopa county is filled with nutjobs.

Does anybody actually read the post &amp; respond to the the issue other than to pontificate on some other realm as someone of whatever worth, read the article and answer the damn question--got it Amerika??

Gold and silver?Here in Taxachusetts we're pickin' cod fish and cranberries!

Idiotic teabaggers must also be calling for a new flat earthg policy.we are repossing your home because we want 3 pieces of gold a month.   you tea bags must be kidding...england converted to the gold standard in the 20's under churchill and  economic collapse inflation followed..

you know as much about economics and the gold standard as your average chicken does.. thats why you folow numnuts tea bags

Who cares....how many people walk around with gold and silver?   More #$%$ madness from Arizona repubs!

More rubbish from the Gold-Bugs and Racists in AridZona!!

And this HITS just keep rolling from the whack jobs on the right!!!!!!!!! Then the GOP wonders what they have to do in order to win another election. Ha Ha Ha!

gold and silver coins are easy to fake.

arizona lawmakers......?  pure nut bucket-o-mania

Keep in mind that Arizona, like most Republican states, is a Welfare state. It receives more in federal spending than it pays in taxes.

Not to worry. Arizona can just base their currency now on the peso. that'll solve all their problems

Republicans HATE America.  It's the only explanation.  (Or maybe they just hate a government led by a black president but that would be rude to say out loud).  So they just Hate America.Lol. So they think the world economy is going to crash to the point of the US dollar becoming worthless(an international big 4 currency) and they think gold is going to save them? A crashed world economy where the dollar is worthless is end of days type of event and that gold isn't going to help you one bit.

Pretty soon we will be back to trading chickens....wonder how many chickens it will take to fix the transmission on my car......hmmmm

Golly - I'd speculate it was something in the water but they don't have any.

Careful Arizona, you may attract Black people with that talk.  Seeing as you ran off most of the Mexicans that's not the best idea!

The next legislation will be that it's OK to shoot someone if they don't give you today's gold or silver price."You tried to steal from me.""Boom."All hail Arizona....

The heat must have fried all their brains.

In other news, Arizona lawmakers declare: the sky is falling!

Basing currency on gold and silver is just as ridiculous.  It is still an artificial means of exchange as neither metal is useful for anyone.  The only truly valuable means of exchange in a total collapse will be food, water, fuel, antibiotics, guns, etc...

Gold and silver sold in various forms, plus the stocks and other derivatives that represent phantom ownership, is a pyramid scheme.  Old as time.  You can't eat it, you can't drink it, you can't even set the price you sell it at when you need something to eat or drink.  It's a scam foisted on the ignorant.  Currently the market, mostly promoted by a few shills on Fox News, will collapse when the community of suckers runs dry.  It's like a Maddoff ponzi scheme on steroids.

It's the Arizonia water right!!!You people in the GOP are hopeless. Truly...just a bunch of fat dinosaurs who are too stupid to realize that the meteor has already crashed and your irrelevance is guaranteed.

Arizona lawmakers let the people's business take a back seat to their constant preening for their tea party supporters.

They're breaking the Constitution. Section 8 of article 1 states that it is Congress's authority to print money.

Okay geniuses,  please tell us all what is going to happen when gold and silver (which are finite commodities) run out.  When the rich control all the "money"  and no one else has any.  Hmmm?

The only way that it could work would be to have a fixed price on gold and silver.  Speculators could really screw everybody using a gold or silver standard for exchange.We could end up like Zimbabwe.

Hmmm...and the states minted coins value will be tied to the dollar.

Just think, if AZ used gold to pay for things, they might have better control of their own economy. You couldn't just print money to pay for all of these socialist social programs. When a bill is due, here is "x" amount of gold to settle the bill. I think the feds would hate this.

when the dollar falls, looks like gold is the ticket. First I thought after reading the article, that AZ is just trying to eff with the feds, but if you think about it, if AZ traded in gold, paid in gold,how would the feds tax it? Kinda tough to tax something that has different values all the time.I guess basically you could tell the feds to ----off. I didn't make any money, I made some gold, and my gold leaves no paper trail. Its not in the bank. I don't write checks or wire money, because the feds can go into your bank account anytime they like. But if you have gold, there is nothing for them to see. Out of sight, out of mind........'eh

A lot of peole wanted JFK deadCubaSoviet UnionLBJCIAFederal Reserve

umm, no..the Federal government does NOT ban states from minting their own money...just from printing it. Coinage is perfectly legal. Another yahoo news article fail.Goes to show ya!When the GOP  has control of state house's they go bonkers.

Gold is good. We need to demand fiscal responsibility and return to the gold standard or something similar instead of letting the Federal Reserve destroy our currency.

Frightening that the dumbocrats as a bloc, oppose this.  The dumbocrap party is a collection of so much evil, from marxism to war on the 2nd amendment, to expansion of the police state and welfare state, to mindless war on the pre born children.  Dumboraps want you dependent on government.  It is incredible that so much evil could be in one party.BTW, it's legal NOW to use gold and silver as legal tender.  Get it correct media.  I'll bet the writer of this story has never read the section of the U.S. constitution where it says "no state shall make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in the payment of debts."  It also forbids "bills of credit" which means notes from the private so called "federal reserve" are 100% illegal and unconstitutional.

These are the same senators that side up with Aryan Nation, the ALEC lobby (who prepared this press release by them, the Koch family who supplied all the oil to the #$%$ in WW2). The same senators who repeatedly submit and pass a staggering amount of bills over and over word for word created by ALEC, including recent laughs; to teach Creationism in schools, adamantly to allow guns in schools, restaurants, colleges, bars; to teach there is no Global warming in existence; to teach Christian Evangelicalism in secular public schools; to belligerently rally against anti bullying laws only to have their own constituents in conservative Glendale complain that their children are being bullied; to have a Mormon State Senator, Russell Pearce, with ties to Aryan Nation, be recalled from office mainly by his own constituents, then to be appointed to a top position in the AZ wacko Evangelical led Tea Party GOP. The same senators who support the senile 81 year old Maricopa County Sheriff, Joe Arpaio, who is bankrupting the county with his actions, lawsuits against him and spending. He spent a $100 million fund on raises, supplies and hiring despite the hiring freeze, no raises allowed and more. When the county supervisors questioned this, he had 2 of them, Repub. and Dem, arrested for fraud. It was tossed out for no evidence, then he arrested the judge for fraud, also tossed. They win their lawsuits in the millions as did the family of the diabetic his deputies let die writhing on the floor all on camera too. Over $50 million so far in payouts, anoth $50 to go. And they continue to adamantly support him.

Typical, delusional disconnect from reality.

Ahem, only the Federal Government can mint coinage. This is nuts. An why use a metal, gold, that is being extensively used by the electronic industry? That is stupid.

The Federal Reserve is a joke printing paper wealth with no backing being bought by communist CHINA!  Why do you people vote for DEMOCRATS?

The Fed, in its most recent stint of counterfeiting (100 years), has destroyed over 95% of the USD's original value. And they do it on purpose... Creating money out of air - and we work 8 or more hours/day for their 'magic money'! Bernanke &amp; all of those rich bankers (buying hard assets, by the way) are laughing at us, each and every day... Are you mad as h*ll yet? If not, you just don't get it.

I'd recommend buying silver (and maybe gold, too) after the JP Morgan/Fed crew has finished pushing it down to protect JPM from its folly of having a **massive** short position in a precious metal which is almost guaranteed to rise many times in value against the USD. Take delivery of your bars/coins, check to see they're not fakes (silver/gold coatings) and if they're legit, then HIDE your holdings securely &amp; secretly (telling only a very few people you truly trust), so as to protect yourself. (Please recall that the federal authorities confiscated - er, BOUGHT by decree! - precious metals in the 1930s, just before they devalued the USD which they'd just paid out {i.e., essentially raised the price of those metals}. So at that time, any US citizens who disobeyed the Feds' decrees were protected by not losing their purchasing power - whereas anyone who obeyed lost value. Remember, EVERY fiat currency has ended up on the trash heap of history - the USD is headed that way, since the US is actually bankrupt. Oh, and think stocks will save you? Think again. Any technical analyst can tell you the Dow will fall 40% or more from current levels - to the $8,300s or lower.

This is gonna be a nightmare, given it passes, for the Federal government, and might ignite the dissolution of the United States.... unless D.C. sends the troops in to AZ in early stages.. A doomsday, in either case.The dollar is only worth what you "Think" it is..Nothing but a mind game designed so Money Grubbing #$%$ can have Sky is the limit pay checks..

And the neo cons. wonder why they lost the general election. There is nothing too extreme for them to endorse.  The most critical thing is the appearance to be more conservative than any competitor.  So, neo cons., keep up the good work.

Well, somebody is moving in the right direction!!!

The development of abstractions such as the state and the inherent value of money are the cornerstone of modern society.  These anti-government types believe they're discovering the artificiality of the situation for the first time, but they're only re-litigating the arguments their intellectual forefathers made (and lost) in the 19th and 18th centuries.  I can't believe we're doing this in 2013, but "those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it".

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.She enjoys selling her soul to the devil. What a maroooon!

Gold, silver...hell people are flocking to Bitcoin! Anything but the paper dollar.

So, how much would a can of soda cost me in gold/silver currency?

The Maine State Constitution states that taxes can only be collected in the form of gold or silver..so since the privately owned corporate federal reserve bank replaced our US dollar that used to be backed by gold with a worthless piece of paper they call money, my state has been collecting taxes unlawfully.  Good for Arizona and lets hope more States do the same.

These right wingers are suffering from confirmation bias, a condition where they only read and listen to what they already believe. There is no currency crisis. Inflation is about 1.6% today, pretty low.  Their real issue is with a black man in the White House.

In related news, Arizona lawmakers approved a 10mph speed limit for horseless carriages.Get out of the heat your brains are fried!!!!!!!!!

ABSOLUTELY IT SHOULD BE USED AS CURRENCY

give Arizona a big CONGRATULATIONS for have the guts to join the other states doing this.paper decomposes, gold and silver does not

Lots of subversive kooks in Arizona.

AZ seems to be competing with TX for craziest state in the Union

...people do not understand federalism, and the results of the civil war, "states rights" are limited now...thank Lincoln for that, states could not secede nor they can print their own tender.. please read a book are take a civics course...o i'm sorry that's too much for people to read...

The problem to begin with was that there wasn't enough gold and silver for everyone, so they went to silver certificates.

Rosanna Gabaldon who?

what kind of ryterdes does az have running running the joynt. don't they have anything better to do. you would think they learned how to govern from watching D.C.

"Gold is a conspiracy against the people. Capital is a conspiracy against Work." A.H.Government control silver and gold as in previous years and issue silver dollar coins (still being produced and in storage now but, not used) or certificates back by the silver and or larger denominations backed by the gold. Paper is beter for carrying and buying convience,

Wow, thank you for making blood pressure hit the roof!  Basically , US would become like Cyprus!

Greedy white-folks are the reason why this country is in ruins.stupid,white,gun lovers.

isn't this that crazy birther state and the state that wanted to steal all the federal parks and roads and land out there ! wow there gold must be worth more than say African gold ,, hope they have fun paying for it all ,, but wait they'll just pay for it all the gop way spend spend and unfunded it then give massive tax cuts to the wealthy to pay for it all ,, yea real smart ,, didn't work well when we had a president doing it and I doubt that a state as poor as Arizona can do it either

Wait until all the EBT card people demand these coins.

isn't it interesting that Governments can't kill their citizens in Wars without paper money or they can't afford to do it.  THAT REASON ALONE is the best argument to NEVER leave the GOLD STANDARD!  NO MORE WAR.

Of COURSE the democrats are against it....they can't CONTROL it.  Right or wrong is meaningless any more to our politicians.  All they care about is control, regardless of who it destroys.

So glad I don't live in the crazy state of Arizona...

Great and now buisnesses will have to determine the price of gold/silver for the day, have equipment to determine the purity of the gold/silver and determine the density to verify that is is not just copper plated with gold/silver.

Technically the US dollar should have crashed in 2008 when the Federal Reserve printed enough currency to more than cover the national debt and all the mortgages. But for some supernatual reason it didn't crash!If it didn't crash in 2008, then it never will. I'll believe the dollar will crash once it happens. I'm tired of the doomsday claims that turn out to be false.Fact= US Dollar is backed by Saudi Oil. Run out of Gold and see how that affects your life. Run out of Oil and see how that affects your life!

Most Republicans, at least in the poor South, would not be able to afford a single gold coin. Better get a second mortgage on your trailer!

I love my state, but sometimes I can be really embarassed by the stuff they do. Kind of like family.

Yet another reason why none of my money goes to the state of Arizona or it's businesses. And I'm okay with that.

As usual the Republican yahoos whip us up into a frenzy on hot button issues so we ignore their real agenda, TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH.

Please Arizona, won't you secede from the union?  I am just sick and tired of your legislature, governor, and senator.

Arizona's state song needs to be, "Silver and Gold" which was sung by Burl Ives in the animated movie, "Rudolph, The Red Nosed Raindeer"

Great idea ---every state and municipality should do it!

Great News for America as a nation,perhaps this will be the beginning of a new American century where we put Americans first Not imaginary money,speculation,debt and the criminals behind the so called banksters board of governors.

if you doubt arizona look at cyprus and you will understand what is coming.WHAT HAPPENED TO "FREE TRADE"?

I don't quite understand the Democrats' argument opposing this. It would not be a bureaucratic mess. Businesses can deny accepting silver or gold as currency. Simple as that. The move to allow precious metals as non-taxable currency would not only put a check on the monopoly of the dollar as legal tender but also on its value. Hopefully this will take on in more states.

...and the only chair left will be gold.

Please let them secede.  Just go, take your bigots and go.

In  America, The New World order isn't going to work. That's because liberalism will soon be dead!

Arizona = riddled with sad, pathetic, crazy, paranoid old-angry-white-grumpy-people. You embarrass only yourselves, not the rest of us.

Seems like Arizona just wants to be its own little country now dont it!

if that happens china, india, mid-east and the mormons will be in complete control of the usa economy.

Treason?

"Shoot them all now" - BS BernankeYep, food, water, shelter, and other tangible things that give survival, comfort or enjoyment will the only things of value when the system collapses. You can't eat gold or silver.

Cue all of the nutjobs hoarding silver and gold in their garages.

People have already gone to jail for manipulating both gold and silver prices.  It's no more stable or honest a form of currency than any other.  People are also under the mistaken impression that gold and silver have some sort of intrinsic value.  It doesn't.  Gold and silver only have value because people think it does.  Their price is based on perception and speculation and the value of both over the past 50 years have fluctuated much more wildly than the value of paper currency.  Does anyone seriously think it's a good idea to issue currency whose value could fluctuate by hundreds of dollars every day?  This is just another dumb idea by Republicans who seem to have an endless store of them.

Honor GodTruth and Fairness in AAll we doGold and Silver are JJust Metals from the Ground,Best used for Electrical conections.The value of money depends on society and is Ability to honor its commitment in relation to time and useful products/services.No F5g MarriagesStop the mexiCON meth invasionStop AAll the illegal Drugs METH and Cocaine.Witch is imported buy the US government, Witch is the reason everyone is SStealing, and that is what kills the value of the dollar!

you should look up another thing the republican legislature blocked in Arizona.  a bill was put forth requiring hospitals and doctors, make their prices available to patients in advance.  one message that should be made clear by this...the love the free market, it's true, they just love only one side of it.

AZ doesn't trust the federal government but they don't manage their own affairs very well. The state govt spends 31% more than they take in. 17.4 % of the population is on food stamps. AZ takes $1.46 from the federal govt for every dollar they pay in taxes. I understand they don't like paying taxes, but they need to start paying their bills and stop sponging off blue states.

"This should be addressed by the Federal Reserve and not by the state," said Democratic Rep. Rosanna Gabaldon, of Green Valley.   - NO, IT SHOULD NOT.  PRINTING MONEY IS TO BE ADDRESSED BY CONGRESS, NOT A CABAL OF PRIVATE FAMILIES THAT OWN THE FEDERAL RESERVE.  You wonder why we are rotting from the inside?  That's why.

It is highly likely, as evidenced in regions that have experienced complete economic collapse, that precious metals will also lose all of their value if the dollar goes belly up.  At least, this is probable in the short term.The legislation is (hopefully) more for show than it is serious.  If they're serious, it borders on sedition which is a very serious offense if the DoJ wishes to pursue it.The country is as politically polarized today as I have ever seen it.  Both major parties are antagonizing each other in an escalating war of legislation.  The possibilty for compromise and empathy is diminishing by the session.

Is the Federal reserve's motto really ?..".Baffle them with...

As long we are  heading to  the  end of the  socialist  road, we should  remind our self's, that  gold can be  taken  away,  it has no exemption  to  everything else  we work  for.Anything the  government  knows about, government  can and  will take  away when it deems it necessary.Everywhere where socialism has taken away the  guns,  it toke  away  the  gold too. It  toke  family homes, land, everything.Nothing you can do  about  that, as long  the people  who vote for  a  living combined with the  votes of  liberal nuts determine  the  course of the  country. Rewards will go not to  people  who  want to  invent  and  produce, but  who put the  crooks in office, people  who  will spy on their neighbors, and  do  the  oppressors  dirty  work.People  who do  not  mind living in property as long they do  not  have  to  work, don't care  that you  are unhappy that you  can  not  be  a successful  man.Dollar is worthless like Obama and his empty promises and destroyed economy.

Fantastic idea.  I hope Arizona mints their own silver and gold coins of known weight and purity.The federal government and bankers who own the government know that this would be a dangerous precedent.  If they lose control of the currency, their power and profits are seriously diminished.  I think the banker government would immediately use military force to crack down on an attempt to actually mint new coins and arrest anyone using them as money.  It really is THAT important.  OWS was a nuisance, competing currency is a serious threat.

Even Mexico does not want AZ! That's how screwed up this state is, thanks to Brewer and the GOP!

Democrats oppose the measure. They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver.if a business couldn't figure out how to value gold or silver it doesn't belong in business

if you look at history Nixon is the one who got the ball rolling on this mess were all in that,act was the beginning of inflation

The same people who back the gold standard would back a dime bag standard as well.

show boatingTom...the price of gold is a standard in that it's value is proven by its' price....vascillating upward during crisis....the dollar has been shown to vascillate downward  indicated by your observation...show boating is revealing and flounting one's ability...quite brilliantly for gold over the centuries...thank you for pointing this out...now run to the bank and get your inflated dollars out to purchase 12 oz of showboating....

Here's a place Arizonans will instantly recognize as Paradise on Earth--they use gold and silver as currency, no gun laws, no taxes, no corrupt government.It's called Somalia.Why don't you fruitcakes leave my country NOW, hmmmm?  I've been listening to you j.o.'s predict the collapse of my country for sixty years because we don't use "real" money, and it gets really freaking old.

Don't forget your Confederate flags and KKK hoods!

The bill appears to open the door for many forms of fraud. I like the idea of using precious metals (really, you always could),but so many could be ripped off.Since the inception of the Federal Reserve, the Dollar has lost 97%  of it's value.What is more important: Survival of the United States or Survival of the Federal Reserve?The Federal Reserve must go!

good idea.. paper money is just that.. its no longer real money...........

AZ and especially Maricopa County....oh dear, real whizz kids there.

Ted Nugent for President!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

There are a lot of smart folks commenting here... surely there are enough people and experts here to do an experiment.Establish your own alternative private currency using precious metals and gold as a standard, or directly as the currency...You can each do this locally with the folks who feel similarly, and gradually expand this to other adjacent communities - and who knows how far this can expand?Heck, imagine if you run a small businesses and your employees agree with you and prefer to be compensated in gold... and what if your business deals with other small businesses who also prefer to be compensated in gold for their goods or services. This experiment could expand even faster.But if most of you on this board don't own or manage businesses, well, at least you can deal with your gold friends and local acquaintances and more slowly build this experiment from the ground up.

The intense heat and sun down here fries the brains of old conservatives in the state government.

Please stop electing these right-wing wackos to public office

Looks like global warming boiled the brains of some people in Arizona.

They need to just cut off AZ and let it die out. When too many stupid people run the state into the ground...leads to more stupidity. Nothing but socialist welfare moochers anyways as a state. What good comes out of that piece of chit state???

So, Gold rises in value due to a financial crisis and the right thinks they can use it to back money.My question is, what happens when the value of gold falls?The economy will be forced into another depression led by speculators. You would be hard pressed to find major economists backing such an idea, there's a reason for that.Try reading Keyene's paper "The Economic Consequences of Mr Churchill." its about Churchill's policy of going back to the gold standard in the UK in 1924, It all came true and led to the Great depression.Do you people learn nothing from history?That would make Glenn Beck very happy if that was done. So let's not do that.

Arizonans have a problem.  Someone shrink wrapped their common sense and stole it.

Arizona is where all the crazies went when they got kicked out of the insane asylums in the 80s.  These people are just nuts.

All states should do this because never has a country that is destroying their fiat currency like America survived.  The economy will implode along with our fiat currency...Any fool should see this.

Lets say we have all the gold in the world and no fuel to move it, is it worthed? or the other way around, we have all the oil and energy and no gold. It is all about the energy, oil and food, the basic needs of us.

I see Arizona Republicans have ALOT of money invested in gold and silver eh? Like if the dollar collapses they can take their their gold to the supermarket and buy food? Their wont be anything in the supermarket to buy, duh.

This is why I pan for gold, and buy silver coins and bullion when I can get them at the right price. I have not sold any gold I have found and keep the metals in my sneaky hiding place.

Private sector as in "Bankers" for all who will assuredly say I am contradicting myself but are ignorant of the facts or know them and simply do not care....

It won't be long before the 50 states of america become 50 independent nations with borders like those nations in europe,,,,won't that be fun,,,,this is the exact same climate that started the civil war,,,when individual states decided that they would no longer abide by Federal law,,,,the end of america is so close,,,,ha ha ha ha ha,,,,LOL,,,how beautiful,,,

thats what happens when you elect looney toonesHmmm... when politicians begin to preach the economics of commodities, shouldn't the public be suspicious? Within the past three years, gold had fluctuated between 1400- and 2000+ dollars per ounce... people who sunk all of their cash into gold two years ago now find their holdings to be worth only 80% of what they paid. Only lawyer-politicians can claim that a sound currency would be created by directly linking that currency to metal commodities (like gold)...

Hope they listed Arizonia in the ten ways the GOP went really wrong.

Good for them.

theres not enough gold and silver in the world to back a significant fraction of our currency. if we had every last atom of all the gold and silver that had ever been mined it wouldnt be enough to run an economy on. bullionism is in the past, and good ridance too.

Somebody with true answers.. Gold and Silver.. That's how it use to be.. And their in the mist, Democraps talking out thier butts.................

we have more dollars out there than gold to back it

Sad state of affairs.

what a laugh. Imagine paying your electric bill in gold dust.  Or buying a loaf of bread and a six pack with bullion and demanding gold change. maybe they should go for chicken eggs as legal tender or beads.

Who let all of these Looney Tunes out of the Warner Brothers vault???????????

Doesn't Arizona legally belong to Mexico?  It would save us a lot of problems if we would just hand it back to them -- then we would not have all the stupid Arizonians trying to enter the normal states.and you can thank woodrow wilson and the jews for raping the world. jews are the problem. real simple. juden out!

This is the height of immaturity. I do believe that there are better things to deliberate on...instead of modes of payment. What do they aim to achieve...discredit the govt., put fear in the eyes of the citizenry....this is just stupid...however i am not surprised....it originated from Maricopa....Do the people realize that they are paying a gang of individuals to deliberate on USELESS ISSUES AND MONEY IS BEING WASTED ON THEIR PAYCHECKS....

Republicans don't want to use "jew" money. That's what the headline should read.

Too funny.  Like any of these bedwetters are going to actually part with their little stashes of gold and silver.  Not a chance.

I enjoy traveling in Arizona and like the people I meet there.  But where do they find their elected officials?

Apparently, the article is in error.""The measure is Arizona's latest jab at the federal government, which prohibits states from minting their own money. ""Its not the government. Its the US Constitution and it doesn't prohibit the "minting" of coinage. It prohibits the printing of currency.Thus, another state not mentioned is also taking steps to prepare for COINING money... which is legal and not prohibited by the US Constitution.

There are still silver coins in circulation.  They are worth what they are worth.  When I throw 4 quarters into the toll booth, the gate goes up.  Doesn't matter if they are silver or the plated #$%$.  Personally, if I was going to convert green, it would be to silver coins.

If everything goes to hell, the only things that will have value are things that will help people survive, like food, medical supplies or things that will help people protect their family.

Just like the adds on tv offering to buy your gold and silver, this will be used to scam people out of thier money, just wait and see.

Does everyone in the AZ government watch Faux and listen to The Fatboy? Gee's, where do they come up with all this poo?Gold NEVER fell out of favor as a currency. It was the global cabal of bankers led by the Rothchilds, and gleefully joined by the idiot President Wilson that signed the Federal Reserve Act, allowing money to be speculated on by banks as 'toy money'. FDR, another idiot Democrat, finished us off by confiscating privately held gold in 1933. Fell out of favor? Hardly, Globalists stole it from us, the PEOPLE!

Financial morons have been going on in this vein for a century now. Who do you think will set the value of gold? Its value dropped every time there was a new discovery, ditto with silver.

Arizona. the land of the finger pointing right wing female governor, the birther sheriff. and an army of right wing nuts with guns on their hip, with 110 degree heat. it seems that they have fried brains down there

I was talking to a old feller in the supermarket the other day and he said to me... "I don't know if its the value of money that's so low, or the prices of food that's so high, but I'm thinking its getting cheaper to eat the money, and you get a lot of roughage to boot"...

"The measure is Arizona's latest jab at the federal government, which prohibits states from minting their own money."the Constitution prohibits states from minting their own money, not the Federal governmentblack letter law

Diogenes, it will soon, hee hee hee.

Why is it that when common sense laws are trying to be put in place..... it is the government who opposes it.

Arizona's officials should worry with similar zeal about the effect of growth and global climate change on temperatures and the future water shortages in Phoenix. On 33 days last year, the high temperature in Phoenix was in excess of 110 degrees F. The electrical grid is being pushed to the limit as more and more air conditioners are fired up, and the supply of water from the Colorado River as well as underground sources are diminished to dangerous levels and nearly tapped out.

Nuttiest state in the union, starting with the bat guano crazy governor.

"They say it would be a bureaucratic nightmare because businesses don't have the equipment to determine the value of gold and silver." ? ? ? Another liberal m0r0n speaks! It's called the internet, search for "spot price gold silver", duh!These dimocrats just want to print money forever and know that gold/silver currency limits their spending, the parasites !Must be to be near Mexico,what make those clowns in the Arizona legislature,to come day after day,with bizarre moves,their minds must be as  sterile like as their desert cactus.Just like crabs,moving backwards,atrophied neurons,candidates for lobotomy for sure.They were better off when they were territoty and not state.

Can you buy Saudi Oil with Gold?  Think not.  You need USA greenbacks!

Whether it is with guns or Gold Standard, why do conservative white people act like idiots?I am a white guy in California, and these people make us look bad as white people in America.

This is why these Republictard would like so much to downgrade US credit in the world in hope to drive down US dollars.

How many big macs can I get for a 1 lbs bar of gold

why not let brewmaster use iron, her blockhead and sherrif armpitto can use to line his beer cans

Arizona is acting like it is a Country of its own.  Time to Nuke them and take over those Self Absorbed Bigots who have no clue on how to run a simple govt.

Tying one's economic fate to that of a precious metal is one of the dumbest moves any nation could make. It would massively curtail the money supply and economic growth.

Why does Arizona have such an abnormally large population of nutjobs?

So a coin of silver or gold has a certain size. Now it fluxuates in value. So how do you deal with that?  Then add in there is not enough gold for the economy size. How do you deal with out of state or country transactions?The GOP is out to destroy the country.The Dollar is already as worthless as the paper it is printed on...it's worthless paper...if gold and silver would of satyed the Currency from the Beginning...there would be no inflation or deflation or recessions or depressions.....Banks wanted total control and had Roosevelt make it against the law for people to own Gold long ago....silly huh&gt;.?/ owning Gold could get you locked up in jail.....what  a scam...D.C. is a scam..and the Jew Bankers that control the world are all scammers..

Arizona has to do Obama's job for him.

Arizona, land of the stupid.   Yet another lawsuit that Arizona taxpayers have to fund but inevitably will be a waste of time and money.

I live in Arizona.  It makes me sick and crazy to see these overpaid yahoos in Phoenix wasting time and money on legislation like this. They should be working on building our economy, bringing jobs to the hard working, taxpaying people of Arizona, and growing their education system to meet the demands of a changing world.  I hope readers realize that NOT all Arizonians are anit-USA.

Fort Knox was our gold supply to back up the US dollar.  When the money went "Federal Reserve" (there is nothing federal about it) hipper-inflation set in. Money printed with nothing to back it up! What's the difference in plastic verses paper with gold to back it up?  Get rid of the Fed Reserve and go back to Gold/Silver to equal our United States, One Nation Under GOD,...JUSTICE 4 ALL! MONEY

It sure would be nice to hear balanced reporting.  What are the perils of returning to a gold/silver standard?  We clearly profited from dropping the standard.  It's been 10 years of doomsayers declaring "The dollar is about to crash!  The dollar is about to crash!".  Yet, it hasn't.  True, it's value is down.Funny how this is supported by the same party that supports massive job exportation and shifting the tax burden to the poor and middle class.  Support by those pythons is probably proof that this move will make the rich wealthier while screwing the poor and middle class.

I'll short gold here and make a huge profit. The risk premium will fade as the world economy continues to get more stabile. Gross World Product grow's by 50% every 10 years. Paying back loans with slightly inflated dollars enables the borrower to effectively pay back the loan at a lower rate. Who benefits from China lending $2 trillion to the USA ? Both .

Jan Brewer should open her own VH1 show, the Wicked Housewife of Arizona County

Me thinks AZ is starting to act like the banksters. Load up on Gold, pass a law making it the "chosen" currency and viola - instant billionaire. Perhaps we can get Mexico to take AZ off our hands. Hey...I can dream, can't I?

Excuse me, are they of the 21st century???  I guess this is one more reason to consider this state on the level of Louisiana in national politics--poison, got it!!!  Prove me wrong Amerika???I have bashed Arizona on other issues, but Arizona has this issue right.

It must be the dry heat in Arizona that fries the brain.

Brought to you by the paronoid fringe, ultra right wing un-Americans.

I've been burning dollar bills in my fireplace this winter - it's cheaper than natural gas.

Standard of living hardly increased from 1800 to 1900 for the average person. 1940 - 1980 average person saw the greatest increase in standard of living in history. Reagonomics deregulation and tax cuts for the rich (tricle down economics) have held back the middle class.

q. why'd the TEA BAG cross the road?a. because MAN BREWER told it there were no LATINOS on the other side.

Since Obama has printed our paper money into worthlessness this is a good idea...

These politicians that are against  this are nuts,,,its very simple if Arizona passes the law, Any business who is willing to take gold or silver can post, PAY WITH GOLD SILVER OR CURENCY.All you need is a very accurate scale and a silver and [gold test kit if not sure] and the current price of gold,silver. wich you can have from the internet rite on the spot.silver dimes,quarters,halves,dollars,,anything 1964 and older all have prices you can find easily, .999 silver the same thing, gold the same. Its not that complicated and very easy to learn how to figure out values,,example, say silver is $ 30.00 per ounce and the bill is $ 142.75,,,you take 5 ounces of silver and give back $ 7.25 in regular currency

If someone offered to pay you either $1600 in cash, or $1600 in gold, only the dumosocialists would take the cash "cuz the gold is too heavy"...  eye roll.

In case you don't know:  Not only was it a violation of law and a huge economic catastrophe to print FRN's without a limit but approx 94% of all money in this country exists only as an electronic digit in a data base. They aren't even limited by the paper printing process any more. This fiat currency is the longest in existence and it isn't a matter of "if" but "when" it will crash. The sooner the better!Glad I already started investing in silver &amp; gold bullion. Cash is trash. For those who haven't, get out of phony money and into precious metals while you still can.

Just think, when we are all on the gold standard  -  who controls the amount of gold available?  It is the private companies that own gold mines.  Just think of their tender mercies - the gold cartel  -  just like the oil cartel we have now.

I predict : a slew of bogus or short weight coins flooding the market---who's going to oversee and assay these "privately minted" coins?---yeah ignore the car wash/chuck e. cheese logo on the coin...it's legit...

I'll stick with bullets and beans....

yeah the petrodollars days are numbered

AZ legislators...and you thought birthers were nuts!

I think Weiner has the best idea: "a system where people can pay for goods and services with debit and credit cards backed by gold and silver."  That makes sense.  I'm for the Weiner Plan.Thumbs up if you like Weiner!

Hahaha, more teathugger, Ron/Rand Paul nuttiness coming from Arizona.First with gun obsession, then rounding up brown people ,and now the the white skin of white conservatives make them think like this.Gold Standard craziness coming from our nation's "freak" state.

just goes to show how little they know about finances.  bring those coins on we'll scoop them up and you'll be left with less then you had. there's nothing that would implode the economy faster

Ha Ha..Our own governments are starting to wake up,but unfortunately it's eight years too late.In many ways Arizona is leading the way in common sense.

Ah Arizona..let's quote the second amendment til the cows come home, but let's ignore the parts of the constitution we want to ignore...

It has taken centuries for people to realise they were bamboozled when their TRUE WEALTH were taken away and gave them worthless paper.And it says it on the bill: LEGAL TENDER meaning BACKED BY NOTHING.

Where do I get my hands on their gold coins??? Obama funny money is worthless.

"liberalism is a mental disorder"

Oh, God, please deliver these poor people from their ignorance.

A good Republican is a dead Republican

A gold standard is a recipe for depression. Just look at history. Depression all though 1880's, 1893 depression, 1907 depression, 1929-1933 depression. Post gold standard;no depressions anymore.

Congratulations Arizona...you have won the title of "Most LOONY STATE" in America...sorry California...LMAO

good ol' arizoned outFirst, get rid of the Federal Reserve. It's a privately owned J*ewish bank that LOANS Americans their own friggen money. Many Americans assume the IRS is part of the government. It's not!! it was set up by the same Rothschilds that set up and own the Federal Reserve. All IRS money goes DIRECTLY to the Federal Reseve to repay the money the American people borrowed. Every single new dollar is worth less than the previous one. No one audits the Federal Reseve and no congressman/woman is allowed into the Federal Reserve. Why is this???

these people have to have billboards, and radio adds, and highway message boards telling them ( arizona republicans mostly) to get out of the way when emergency vechiles approach them. becuase the state as a whole is too stupid to know that.. this is just anohter waste of time in a regressive state. Theirs a reason arizona is at the bottom of all important state stats...

I used to think that the people who run Berkeley were the stupidest people in the world but the lawmakers in AZ left them in the dust a long time ago.

Doesn't anyone, particularly politicians read and understand the Constitution. "No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any Title of Nobility." Paper notes like the Fed produces as us currency is not coin so is not illegal. A state issued coin would be unconstitutional. The libertarians coined a Ron Paul coin and got busted bu the federal government fordoing so.

Arizona approch of 2 America's going National when The GOP return to Power = return to Gold Standard &amp; Show Us your Papers if you want to Vote in your district after Tweaking The Electorate..

Ah.  The attack of the Doomsday Preppers.

And the nutsstill rule Az

The reason that we gave up the gold standard was that coins did not represent a true value that was accountable and verifiable. It just like counterfeit bills that are used as currency, and certainly they are not worth the paper printed on. Crazy idiots in AZ AGAIN!!!

Put a fence around Arizona..Elect Palin President of the newly succeeded country and make Glen Becks and Douche  Limbaugh senators and move EVERY TEABILLY there...End of problem.....

My friends in spain tell me bank jogs are happening but their media is being pressured to not report on it.  Get your money out soon, eurofriends or you might end up like Cyprus.IDIOTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ALL REPUBLICANS ARE JUST STUPID, A##WIPES WHO SHOULD JUST LEAVE.

Yes, let´s base our economy on shiny rocks.

whether it's a sherriff, or a senator who's clearly got dementia, or god knows what else....is it me, or is the state just plain ol sun baked crazy?

I see all the Children of the Metal are posting today. Some politician panders with a worthless bill and up they pop.I have PM, but haven't quite come over to the thinking it has magical powers.  Inflating PM value to create wealth is the same as printing money. Maybe we could strip mine the Rockies for PM...

This is what happens when you have a state with a governor that doesn't even have a bachelor's degree

As a Scottsdale resident currently living in West Africa, I can say this is a brilliant idea.  To Rep. Steve Smith, if you are serious, I can provide +/- 20 Kilos (643oz) of gold every month for you!

There are currently 0 countries that use the gold standard. However, radical Muslims often trade in gold because they hate using "jew" money. Radical Muslims and Radical Republicans have a lot in common, it seems.

That Mexican dirt weed flooding the border has sure fried these AZ Repubs brains. Either that or something in the water.

Arizona...who gave us the whackos McCain and Brewer.. What else can you expect?  Got simple answers for complex problems, just like Nancy Reagan had the answer to this countrys drug problem..."Just Say No"  Now, who would have thunk it?  How did that work out?  hey Arizona Teabaggers....Obama!!!...Black Man!!!!..Socialism!!! Sharia Law!!.  Are you peeing your pants yet?  I just love scaring Teabaggers!!!

Arizona, America's "freak" state.How much money has my state, the state of Arizona, wasted in laws sure to ruled unconstitutional? How about 20-30 million and raising. This is a state that cannot, and will not, feel the poor, or help the sick. If they want another civil war, I saw bring in on, and this time, the leaders get the same treatment the #$%$ did in 1946. You readin this Gosar?

the nut cases running Az have wrecked their state and want to blame it on the currency"According to a 2012 study by 24/7 Wall Street, Arizona is the 47th worst run state taking into account debt per capita, budget deficits, unemployment, median household income, and the percentage of the percentage of the population below the poverty line"

I hate to admit it but this guy is my rep.

These men are not doomsayers but WISE MEN.   Why...because our government has destroyed our fiat currency...look at history...anyone fool that trust are government will lose their money.

Gold and silver---what about the peso, eh amigo?

Is there a way to kick Arizona out of the Union?

Guns, gold, and silver.  The only thing missing in Arizona is brains.

No problem, why don't they secede, taking every state directly to the east of them with them (Sorry, NM)??  Then, they can make up whatever rules they want, while they develop a truly third world cesspool nation, where the rich can do whatever they please, while all the poor can fight amongst themselves following the whims of the religious 'leaders', the grand wizard, and whatever other 'inspiring' people rise to power in impoverished nations.

Dude get with Austerity program......Latest news  debt riden EU is now looting the publics bank accts for 15% they are calling it a tax

Why do white conservatives think acting like a jerk is okay?Gold Standard obsession seems to be another component of it.Does their supposed "superiority" coming from just merely having white skin?Marxist communists.

maybe mexico will take back arizona???????????????????, no gringo's though

Some Einsteins in that legislature.

And I'll bet the lawmakers are heavily invested in companies that sell gold and silver to ignorant rubes.

Republicans are such fear mongers

Arizona is nut land. I guess they think the economy shouldn't expand unless someone digs up some more gold. They would have let the USA lose WW2 since the could not have financed war, there was not enough gold and the bad guys would not have waited for uncle sam to dig up enoung gold to pay for the fight. This is the kind of stuff you get from people who think humans used to walk with dinosaurs.

AZ--out in the zone again......

hahaha...i swear. it's almost as if conservatives have a compulsion to embarrass themselves. can't possibly imagine how these guys keep losing credibility.

no more hope on americaeven america lawmaker do not trust their dollar.can you expect other nation to do so?

I'm rich motha fka!It would be nice if the Arizona and other ridiculous state legislatures out there would actually address real issues and problems that need to be fixed. It's bad enough with a totally irresponsible House of Representatives in Washington.

who are them the FEDERAL RESERVE  who is behind LOS QUE SON O NO SON  LOS QUE ERAN Y LOS QUE SERAN?

An awful lot of idiots in Arizona. Want a depression worse than the 30's? Go babk on the gold standard and most of us will be looking for hoovervilles.Starvation apparently beckons to morons in Arizona.

I wish these guys would go for a long walk in the desert. The price of gold is determined every single morning in the conference room in the Rothchild Mansion in Europe. Every single day. The Rothchilds make so much money they never pay taxes to anyone. Rio Tinto ? Rothchild. You should look up their family history if you think I lie. The fiasco of banking carbon credits? The bank that controls all the vapor transactions is the Bank Of England. They make a tremendous amt. of money doing absolutely nothing. Just keep score and people pay them to do nothing. Nice work if you can get it. Again. Don't believe me.

Our GNP is $70 trillion annually. Everyone in the world wants to lend us money at the lowest rates because it is the safest investment in the world. China has loaned us $2 trillion total. They want to be repaid and make a return on their investment. The world is not ending. The engine for growth ever since the end of WWII has been to borrow. The gold standard had been dead for 42 years  good reason.

Just rename the place Whacko. The flight to safety still is the US Dollar

Republicans: Building a Bridge back to the 18th Century

Well this make total sense.....because gold and silver prices have never been manipulated in our history....Bwahahahahahaha.....

Arizona....nuttier than a cheap fruitcake

gun control was prevent anarchy happen.america had no gold in this reserve. fort knox is an empty vaultpeople would get crazy and start roaming on the street with their gun.gun ban-prevention methods.lawmaker jsut to tell the world that he had no confidence at all of america economy.all data of recovery are fake. he knows better than any lay man on the street.he is a lawmaker. he had full access to confidential document.Sometimes assbackwards conservative have good idea and vision....sometimes.

hey it;s arizona, the new state of nuts &amp; extremists,  let them switch, and try to do to business, it had to be a repubturd who started this , wonder how much he is getting paid to screw the rest of the citizens of arizona, tell you white people don't belong in arizona, too much sun, fries their #$%$ brains, if we didn't have gravity to hold them down, they befloating around in the vacuum of space, THE ALIENS ARE HERE, RUN FOR YOUR LIVES

nutty republicans at it again.

..."doomsayer", the reporter of this piece is part of the problem, she and others like her want us to keep believing in this house of cards that we are living in.  As per her bosses the Federal government, Arizona's got the right idea, buy gold and silver people!!!

f the repubs...... why aren't they pushing to change the world reserve currency to gold then??

since Arizona does not want to be part of the United States, let them form their own country. i would be happy to have the United States attack and take over the country of arizona.

It makes sense to me. Look what you did Reagan.

If we could move all these kind of crazies to Texas and Arizona, then cede the two states to Mexico, we could rid ourselves of the idiots and solve the immigration problem

I already regard gold and silver as currency. I just have to exchange it at a dealer for fiat money and off I go to spend on women.

Just wait until they convert all their assets to gold and then it drops to $900/oz. Let's see 'em get reelected after that.Why does Arizona elect so many tards these days?

What a pack of idiots the republican party in Arizona are.. they would undermine the official currency that we have!

I wish AZ would just secede already.  They can use cow patties for currency.

Arizona?...Figures....Why don't they just go back to trading horse blankets and chickens. What a bunch of backward anti american legislators.

Yea right, Less get the FEDERAL RESERVE involved!! Let them STEAL all the GOLD, if they dont have it all anyway! Damn DEMS, open their mouths and #$%$ comes out all the time!!

The assumption seems to be that gold or silver is less subject to manipulation than paper or electronic data but that isn't so. Remember when the Hunt brothers tried to corner the silver market.

Too bad for Arizona that we live in a nation where Federal law trumps state law in this situation. States do not have the right to determine what is money and what is not money.That created an even bigger problem.