The Latvians hate the Russians.

The enemy of your enemy, is your friend.Finland!

How many of the descendants of Latvia deported to Siberia have returned to Latvia?

Article is deeply misleading insofar as it glosses over the horror of the year of Soviet occupation (1940 is actually referred to as "The Year of Horror" in Latvia because of Soviet crimes, there is a big museum in the center of downtown Riga devoted to it.)Reality is virtually all non-Germans in the SS (which was only 40-45% German by 1945) were fighting because they were nationalistic and/or anti-Communist not because they were anti-Semitic. (This aspect of the history of the SS was suppressed in the West because of the Cold War, highlighting the fact that #$%$ were obsessively anti-communist would have raised too many inconvenient questions [then and even now]).

No matter what the times nor the Country nor the Leadership, soldiers will have reunions no matter what. That is a fact of life for men and women who have worn a uniform and served.

When that final list of war crimes comes up,  The Russians make the Germans look like boy scouts...

The Red Army was just as brutal as the Waffen SS as demonstrated by their penchant for rape and nailing the victims to barn doors. The Russian indignation is rather full of hypocrisy

improper polarization of the issue.....nazi and russian occupation were both rotten.

The enemy of my enemy is my friend. Im sure all of you slamming them would have made a better choice were you in their shoes.

Easy solution, send the Russians home.Stalin murdered more people than Hitler did.

The Baltic countries went through hell for decades, basically because of the Russians. Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania. For most, the Germans were looked upon as liberators. After the war, Stalin and his henchmen. Placed hard Communist rule in those nations. They paid dearly, churches closed, citizens shipped to Siberia, etc. They finally gained their independence in the nineties.

For the Latvians it isn't about Nazism or Fascism, instead it's about nationalism.  Honestly what do these Russians expect?  Do the expect gratitude for being colonized?

Can't be very many left that actually were members of WWII military divisions.  In their late 80s at the youngest ............... by that age, you don't participate in many marches / memorials.  I'm sure there are a few, but not thousands.

And Obummer wants America to be more like Europe. FORWARD

russians oppose it but praise stalin?

See how easily governments can turn on the citizens. Do you really want to give up your guns like Obama wants you to? I'm not!

The aggression of the Russians in that area of the world lasted for centuries.  The policies were expansionist and geared toward wiping out ethnic identities.  But people kept their own languages, religion, and culture despite that.

I eat my luftwaffles with bacon and honey.

About 12% of Germans were actually Nazi Party members, but conservative Christians all over Germany--Catholic and Protestant, mostly Lutherans, were enthusiastic supporters of the Nazi movement.  They loved their Fuhrer and he loved them.So, who was more brutal to the Latvians?The #$%$ or the Soviets?I'd sure hate to be caught between the two.

Any port in a storm.

Hey, in America it's all about Lesbians, Gays, Transgenders, and people who have sex with farm animals.Who are we to judge Nazis?  All of our woman chant the mantra, "It is through diversity we gain strength."

The Russians were SO much better in the Baltic republics. Lativia, Lithuania and Estonia were wiped off the map and every non-communist community leader and educated person in those tiny countries disappeared. There is a reason they hate the Russians. The NKVD and Stalin were Hitler by another name. Look up the story of the "Forest Brothers".

Latvian Legion was in fact different from other SS units during WWII. It was formed after the holocaust and only served as a front line battle unit. In other words, the legion was the only army that the Latvians had at the time to fight against the oncoming Soviet forces. Even the Soviet Union recognized Latvian Legion as different from the other SS. It was only 10-15 years ago that the Kremlin came up with the idea to bring up this controversial fact to show Latvians as #$%$". Latvians suffered from both regimes and are commemorating their losses from both regimes. That's all.

The Poles hated the Russians. Then they hated the Germans, and then they hated the Russians again. Had Germany won the war I'm sure the Latvians would have found cause to hate the Germans within a year. Do you think Germany had any more intention of a free Latvian state than the Soviets?

People remember it was the Latvians, particularly the Arajs Commando, that wiped out most of the Jews in Latvia and many of them including Victor Arajs were members of the SS. Waffen SS were the elite combat soldiers not executioners but still the SS.

The universal soldier.

Waffen SS. Idealistic? Sure. Courageous? Sure. Well trained and disciplined? Sure. Honorable? Absolutely not. All answered to Himmler, be they camp guards or troopers.

To many Latvians, joining the SS was a way to liberate their country from the Soviets.Latvians are in their right to do so, in fact, many Latvians welcomed the SS upon entry in their country.  This was a partial word of mouth from a Spanish Blue Division soldier.  Not to mention that Latvia was among the 20+ countries that fought along side Germany against the Red Army, but unfortunately the attacks and assault of the West by both the UK and US hindered the victory against the Reds.  And after WW2, who ultimately became the enemy of the West for 44 years?

I like Waffles too.

Conservative Latvians and Lithuanians were willing collaborators with the Nazi occupiers.  They enthusiastically gave over their Jewish neighbors to be killed.  Some Latvians and Lithuanians openly murdered Jews in the public square while the German Army watched.

Fascism, as it existed in most of Europe, has been erroneously described by mostly jew-sympathetic (or true jew)  historians who felt that the whole world somehow was responsible for what was basically a local problem.Look up what the jewish community did to non-jewish Europeans during, and after, the Great Depression--focus on the word "usury", and you will learn about the root kernel of truth that fueled the hatred of the jews.

Ask any East Europeans who lived through WW2.  They did not like the Germans too much but everybody would tell you the Russians harmed civilians a lot more than Germans.Russian troops looted and raped everybody.  And Stalin was not one bit better than Hitler.  He just won the war and that's why he died in his own bed.But the way Russians treated the occupied Eastern Europe they did not make many friends.

Let' see, after the Soviets took Latvia in 1944, the country was under communist rule for over 45 years, and the Soviets deported and killed millions of latvain citizens and tried to erase their culture and replace with russian culture and soviet doctrine. Most Latvians who served in the SS did so willingly to fight for their country.

Well.. Everybody is always citing Hitler and his #$%$ as being the pinnacle of evil but Joseph Stalin, the "people's hero", has more deaths on his conscience than anybody else. He killed millions of his own people but nobody flinches at that. I have many friends from Ukraine,Poland,Slovakia,.... And the tales they tell from the period before the fall of the Berlin wall will chill your bones. Under Nazi occupation, "only" the Jewish community really suffered, under Soviet occupation EVERYBODY suffered. Soviets deported tens of millions people of which only a small portion made it back

The Latvian SS conscripts did not commit ANY atrocities against the Jews. They fought the Soviets.I am pro Israel and am also a very well studied military historian.

The Soviet occupation was never legal or wanted.  That is why when the Soviet threat of force was removed, its influence evaporated in Eastern Europe and the republics broke away.  Russian's like to view themselves as always the victim, but if you ask anyone in the occupied states after WWII you see that theirs was a brutal regime.  The best justification for this brutal regime that the Russians can give is that they defeated Hitler, and that boils down to the mighty Red Army.  And Russians can't figure out why they are hated in all of the countries they 'liberated and did so much for.'

they are war dead just like in the south they still commemorate the confedrate deadOh. The 'good' SS.

Loud noises!

like it or not, the SS were the best fighting units of WW2

While the rest of the world commemorates Nazi war crimes and genocide, Latvians commemorate Nazi-allied World War II soldiers.Latvia is a member of NATO and EU.

Latvia has its reasons not to like Russia (as do many Eastern European states) BUT they did not have to embrace #$%$m with such enthusiasm.   The Poles, the Czechs, Romanians were in a similar position but their troops fled the #$%$ at the first opportunity, while Latvian SS fought on the side of Hitler till the last moment.

Go look up the Winter War for even more fun and confusion!!!

It is about survival.  At the time Hitler was Latvia's best bet.  It was a good move for them at the time.  Now Russia is Latvia's best move.

The Baltic SS units &amp; police divisions were some of the worst war criminals of WW2. There's no reason whatsoever to commemorate them.

80,000/90% of the Jewish population murdered during the COMMUNIST occupation of Latvia.  Another piece of the Communists "final solution" that has been hidden and not mentioned because the communist russia was a supposed ally of the Brits and USA during the war.  It is pretty not never mentioned that Stalin and his forces killed MORE Jews than the #$%$.  More proof history is written by the winners.

So.....my take from this article is that the author does not understand the fact that the Waffen SS were combat units totally segregated from the SS Todt units that ran the death camps. No Waffen SS units took part in the Holocaust....they were too busy getting killed themselves....in combat.I was gonna convert to Latvian Orthodoxy once.  I just really liked the hats.  They really convey that solemn religious look you want in a faith.  Very pious.

We are lied to about WW2. Do the research, make up your own mind.

Soviet Union to #$%$ to Soviet Union? I don't know much about Latvia, and I am probably glad I don't.I am sure glad to be an American.

There are hundreds of anti-Semitic verses in the New Testament which have been used to justify hating and killing Jews going back 1500 years.  Clerics and conservative lay people all over Europe happily aided and abetted in the Holocaust.

Exactly what did Hitler promise Latvians in return for serving in the black band?

"Oh oh, the 'secret's out!  Just irrelevantly stick a holopic on your placard and bellow loudly until you get your way."Can these people who fought the invading party have THEIR issues without you AshkeNAZI trying to co-op it???

Absolutely disgusting!

Please Google "The Holocaust in Latvia" to find the truth about Latvian participation in Nazi War crimes! No wonder Himmler had such an easy time recruiting Latvian fighters for Latvian SS Divisions!Just the facts!

Selective memory I see. Many people talk bad things against the Russians to justify the actions of the Latvians. One ignorant Liberals endorse the killing of those who may be different, or cannot be controlled by dependence or political machine. The only good Nazi is a dead one.

Leave it to the Russians to be mad about whitewashing history.  I bet Nazi-rule was much more pleasant than Soviet-rule.Nice celebration.  Waffen SS.  Murders, thieves etc.  Maybe they can arrange something here for our politicians.

interresting comments, Here was a county brutalized by the USSR and then the #$%$ had their final solution. Not a fan of #$%$ or Communist they are the same thing in my book. I have respect Waffen SS as soliders, and as soliders. If they take pride in fighting the USSR let them have this pride.

it will happened again, probably not germany but other country as soon as world forgets or rewrites history

AP is grateful to the Latvians who held this commemoration because it gave them an opportunity to write their daily holocaust-related article and base it on some real current event for a change rather than just dragging up historical ones.

Latvians and Lithuanians were happy to see the Nazi occupiers round up their Jews.  As in other countries, priests gave church records to the #$%$ to verify if someone was Jewish or not.  Most were enthusiastic collaborators with the #$%$.

F Latvia.

The communist Russians murdered and oppressed the free Latvians !

PROPAGANDA news, it all about the numbers and lied about Jews here Jews there and next thing you know they are every where in  politic, government and media in every countries..

What else needs to be said when your Army is surrendering 100,000 at a time? Stalin was Germanys best recruiter in Ukraine, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and that's just getting started.

I am (not) amused by seeing all these posts comparing Hitler and Naz**ism with Stalin and Communism, and, invariably, even if not agreeing with the former, finding the latter to be the worse of the two. Stalin was in power for a decade before Hitler came to power, and Communism was in power in Russia for over 20 years by the time Germany invaded Russia.If the Soviets/Russians/Communists/ Stalin were as bad, or, going by the posters' sentiments, worse than Hitler and the Naz**is, why did UK, USA, France, and much of Europe, not join Germany? Instead they allied themselves with the USSR. Why?I don't get you guys. But then, more than likely few of you were born, let alone lived through the WWII.That is the difference between big nation and small (not by how many people they have but by the spirit). Germans learned their history lesson. There is no public processions to SS and Nazi graves in Germany. They left alone, dead people for God to judge them. They take their kids to Auswitch and Treblinka for history lessons. Those Balts are still at war. Bulgarians were Germany allies but not a singles Bulgarian citizen of Jewish persuasion was deported. Orthodox church and people said no and nothing Germans can do. In Denmark all population were wearing Start of David in protest and in Holland Jewish were hiding in mass with helps of Christians. In Italy, when Mussolini was in power, there were no deportation either. There were other righteous people in other countries but by majority, they all collaborated with #$%$ in Jewish Final Solution.

The history of religion is full of death and war.

Very few Latvians took part in the mass killings of their Jewish neighbors.  Quite a contrast compared to the Lithuanians who were ecstatic about helping the #$%$ murder Jews.

Like living under Stalin was any better?  The butcher of bolsheviks.

More russian casulties being counted as dead jews again...too bad the only jews that died in WW2 did so because of OLD AGE.

Russians are a garbage race.

Schutzstaffel, Germany's boy scouts!

More russian casulties being counted as dead jews again...too bad the only jews that died in WW2 did so because of OLD AGE.

But we just want to celebrate Hitler!What?!?

Churches all over Europe very willingly opened their records to those hunting Jews to verify if someone was baptized Christian.  The complicity of conservative Christians all over Europe is a black stain on Christianity that has yet to be adequately addressed.good looking ladies in Latvia

Why Latvian's commemorate the Waffen is beyond me. The Waffen-SS was created as the armed wing of the Nazi Party's Schutzstaffel (" Protective Squadron") so it is baffling why Latvia, subjugated by the #$%$, would want to remember this group. Millions of Russians died at the hands of #$%$ and I understand their hatred of #$%$.

This is the sort of "commemoration" that would be banned in Germany.

Ok Yahoo. I'll take this as my pro jew story of the day.

For most of Europe, 1941-1945 were the best years of their lives. They haven't changed.

If the new pope is serious about reform and a new day for the church, it would be wonderful if he would posthumously excommunicate Adolph Hiter, a life-long conservative Catholic who died in the good graces of his church, and remains so to this very day.

I'm astounded the AP would allow their name to be associated with this two-bit story that is nothing more than a half truth. It's the equivalent of saying President Obama went to Arlington National Cemetery on Veterans Day, laid a wreath on the Tomb of the Unknowns, but make it clear it was only for the Confederate dead of the South and then not acknowledge anything else that happens.

More russian casulties being counted as dead jews again...too bad the only jews that died in WW2 did so because of OLD AGE.

Russians taking the moral high ground about what happened in Latvia?  I don't think so.

How many Latvian generations grew up under the tyranny of the Communists and how many grew up under the tyranny of the #$%$? That might account for the turnout.Any glorification of the #$%$ is out of line.

Should have done the same to them as they did to the Jews. Russians should have turned back on the ovens and threw them in.

Bravo, my Latvian brothers. Hitler would thank you.

Russia liberated Latvia and will do so again as this time it is being occupied under guise of EU, it is now time for Kremlin to act and bring freedom to its Latvian brother and sisters.

It is telling that the pro-Nazi marchers started "from a cathedral in downtown Riga, the nation's capital."  Clerics willingly opened church records to verify if someone was baptized Christian or not.  So much blood on so many Christian hands--all over Europe.

Why not "Hitler Day?"

The SS was a volunteer arm......there was no foreign conscription into the SS....

Who talks about Soviet tyrany?In times Soviet Union Latvia was one from the most rich and developed soviet republic!A lot of huge and important plants and factories were built there due to Russia!When i was there in that times i never heard any bad words from latvians about russians...But times have changed...Now russians are bad ...and nazy are good!It "ANTIRUSSIAN PROPAGANDA" has done her black deal!..They wanted independence..they got it!...Almost all industry that country buyed by Germany and Sweden now!..It is one from the poorest countries of  Europe now.Where your independence?:-)

Europe has the blood of millions of Jews on its hands since the beginning of Christianity.

KottaMan, people around the world are begining to question the this whole holocaust Business and they see that since the victory of allies, the world has steadily but surely gone down the path of self destruction, so, they are asking whether the right side won the war!One man's hero is another man's persecutor! There are no winners in war! Just victims!We never seem to learn!

Sounds like Latvian's are pretty cool.

KILL ALL JEWS!!!HHHHH---------HHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.........................HHHHH---------HHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.........................HHHHH---------HHHHH...................................HHHHH---------HHHHH...................................HHHHH---------HHHHH...................................HHHHH---------HHHHH...................................HHHHH---------HHHHH...................................HHHHH---------HHHHH...................................HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.........................HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.............................................HHHHH-----------HHHHH.............................................HHHHH-----------HHHHH.............................................HHHHH-----------HHHHH.............................................HHHHH-----------HHHHH.............................................HHHHH-----------HHHHH.............................................HHHHH-----------HHHHH.........................HHHHHHHHHHHHHH-----------HHHHH.........................HHHHHHHHHHHHHH-----------HHHHH.........................

It was Latvians that killed the Russian Czar and his family......Don´t be fooled there were many Latvians that suported the Soviets.

I wonder what the veterans of the Japanese Imperial Army have to say about the Latvian SS? Especially those who participated in the Rape of Nanking, and similar campaigns throughout the Pacific theater.

Latvia Losers drinking too much Smirnoff to notice how stupid they really are to honor chyte of the earth.

It is better mother bear takes this lost cub back into den.

Waffen SS was such a brutal German war machine, so maybe Stalin got a few ideas on how to eliminate opposition after the war.

Latvians who came to the US are still stupid. Nothing changes

Hey Glen we are sorry that the Jewish girls laughed at your little adolph. Get over it.A thousand sickos  commemorate SS! Actually, they are the progeny of the psychos who joined Hitler in his drang nach Osten. Remember, in 1941 and 1942, the German SS were advancing through Belorussia and Ukraine practically unopposed, they burned the cities and villages and committed mass murders mainly of civilians. And that is what has been celebrated today in Riga!? What a shame for Latvia and Latvians.

Waffen SS was one bad a s s outfit - like the Navy SEALs of today, wouldnt have wanted to mess with them.

Legal Zoom would not have played with these guys.  "Airline food, whats up with that"?

People should read the Jewish history accounts of what happened in Latvia beforebelieving much about this reporters article. Do some simple Google research; deathcamps in Latvia during WWII.  Whitewash is sold by the tanker truck load in Latvia.There are many young people in Latvia today who feel Latvians are the true Aryan race.

Hitler had the right idea he just went about it the wrong way.

#$%$ LATIVIA and the other NAZI sympathizers ! #$%$ anti-semites !!

The war criminals should be punished beginning with Regan Bush Cheney Abrahms Rumsfeld Powell Rice Libby Yoo Star and Scalia and Thomas.

nazi lovers. dumb pigs. uneducated and medieval toilet smears. my apologies to porkers.

They're all third world white trash, no big deal.

What somebody needs to do is finish their great work, think about how much better the world would be.Very poor taste.

Poles killed jews, Latvians killed jews, Russians killed jews, French killed jews, Hungarians kill jews, enough said. Every nation in europe wanted to get rid of their jewish populations because they are the most obnoxious race of people on earth. They are certainly gods chosen people because it was among the jews god choose his son to be born, and what did they do, crucify him. God choose the jews to show the world what a total obnoxious race they are.

Lativa had been a part of the Russian empire the #$%$ where true invaders who wished to enslave the world on racial ideals

The Western liberals loved the new 90's &amp; 2000's Waffen SS Divisions recreated by their narco-terrorist Albanians

Boycott Latvia

Didn't Ahminajhad , or whatever his name is, just PROVE the holocaust was a fake. He claims all the Jews went to Miami.

Shame to Latvia! Only one european country wich adore nazists!