Audit DME's and HMO's.Check financials and unnecessary deaths.

Vanguard FTSE Social Index FundChechk this site and you'll see that Obama is invested in it..  Health care..  Green Energy..  LOL!!!!

Here is the solution to several problems related to our healthcare.1) need for more Dr's and healthcare professionals - Give scholarships to students with the grades to get into the medical schools.  They sign a contract to work in a government operated medical clinic when they graduate for 8 years.2) Move everyone into a single system like those in the rest of the world - single pay - the money saved from all the scams that go on would more than recover the costs of 1 above. Especially if all Prescriptions and health devices were purchased from the government - much like when I go to the VA for my check ups and prescriptions.If you want more/better care buy supplemental health insurance that allows you to see a private physician just as the wealthy in other countries do.

Immediately after the Supreme Court ruling on Obamacare, my insurance went up $80 a month.  The government won't be happy until everyone is dependent on the government.

not good

Over half are dependant now.

who cares?  wal-mart is also down and they do not manufacture or distribute any medical devices.

They act like it's the companies are going to be paying this Obama tax. This Obama tax will be passed on to people that have been broken, sick. or lost a limb.

Obama hates them allIf he could he'd tax them to oblivionO wait...

The Governement will take them over and do as well as they did with GM.   It wont be long and the Socialist-Democrats and King Obama will have travel restrictions forDoctors and other Health Care professionals.  They will be come enemies of the State if they ever disagree and they will lose their Passports, etc.  None of this is new people.  A Big governement Fix is in, who is foolish enough to thhink that will go well?Hell these GREEDY Bstrds charge 10 times what their product is worth anyway. Especially when chargeing it to Medicare or Medicaid. Same with Dr.s. Why does my daughters anual OBGYN check up cost me over $400.00. One answer; Greed.!! That visit takes about 10 min. so she can see 6 patients per hour. Do the math.