With  Congress considering  ending Tax Free status to Municipal and State issued Bonds there might be  a problem  getting Buyers

And these are educated people saying, we can't pay our current bills, let's borrow more.  Sounds like the people who borrowed more than they could afford in the housing bubble from those who were forced to loan the money.  Are we beyond the point of continually trying to put out a grease fire with water?

a country boy will survive

The problem in Kansas is this - for more than 30 years the employer (Kansas) did not make their required contributions to the pension fund.  They used the money for other spending and tax cuts.  Now as they reduce employees and current employees retire, their lack of fiduciary responsibility to the pension fund is coming home to rest.

crazy   .....................................................................

Illinois would be happy to help our Westren Union Brothers and Sisters,,,,,but,,,at present...we owe our own Brothers and sisters Union Plans.....uh,,,,98 Billion and change.....Plus venders 11 Billion....so you see,,,were a little cash strapped now,,,,but,,,Obama owes us for putting him in...

Tax dollars already in the program would pay off the bonds?  Somehow, logic implies that borrowing money to pay for something doesn't make you more financially sound.  Maybe that's just me.

Guess who pays the interest on those bondsyepthe middle class and yes even the wealthy

It's time to reduce all govt. pensions by 80%.  These jokers get to live on full paychecks for life. I don't think many people realize this.

The problem started with politicians making pension promises for public employees (including teachers, bureaucrats, police, firefighters, and the politicians themselves) that were unreasonably high. After holding higher than justified salaries and benefits for jobs that were difficult to fire incompetents from, the public employees  receive pensions and benefits that suck the life out of local and state governments and the average taxpayer.. If the state constitutions were frozen to guarantee these unreasonable expenses, the state constitutions need to be amended.That or just disband the illegal public unions.

Bonds are just more debt we cannot pay now or ever.

So the plan to solve the problem is to borrow money? That's insane. The problem came from the fact more was promised than could be reasonable paid. Borrowing money doesn't solve the root problem, it only takes more from the many to pay the few. Those bonds will come due, and then the fund will be in even worse shape than they are now. They did something similar in Stockton California a decade ago, they are now in bankruptcy court.  You solve the problem by cutting cost, in other words lowering benefits. It's not really hard to do...other than having the political will to do so.

Government stupidity!! Put these workers on 401K's as everybody else.

Kansas Law dictates a KOLA yearly for All retirees from KPERS covered plans. By Law. Legislative decree made years ago. And, yet, having retired from 40 years of teaching Kansas children, in 1995, I have never received one, let me repeat, one increase in my monthly stipendium. Same this month as the first month in 1995. Eighteen years and never one increase. When I asked my Kansas Senator why they did not obey and follow the law she said "we can't afford to." She added that our little teachers bloc did not contribute much money to political campaign coffers and therefore had no power. So. No increase. When I enquired if the Senate and House were not in contempt for not following dictates of law she said "sue us."  There you go.