why do they only report storms in new england?

"Last Blast of Winter"?  Did this writer grow up in Hawaii?  I've seen snow in April and early May in the Northeast.

Who are these morons?  It's mid-March, of course it's likely to snow!

The NORTHEAST STORMS are Always Worse. Mother Nature said today, " It is the LAST day of Winter."

Well, the kids are going to get out for the summer a few days or a week later than they might have. Good for them. The school year is too short as it is. The only reason it seems long is because we stretch it out over 10 months. The reality is that American kids only attend school for 180 days each year. That's 6 MONTHS, folks. If the top companies in this country only employed their workers for half of each year, our whole ecomomy would collapse in a hurry. Do the math, people, and think about it. America is doing itself and its kids NO FAVORS by having such a short school year and such short school days.

All of this cooling must be giving the global warming people a hard time when they're trying to wear shorts in an ice storm....

Look out people, Storms and S&amp;*t in New England.  HUmmmmmmmmmm, Winter ends  March 21.  But Mother Nature can drop stuff if she wants.  This would be news if it happened in July.

The EXPERTS??? said that the earth is supposed to be getting WARMERrrrr?

@@@@, that means they will re-route the flights, I'll end up in BFE, again

Could the first day of spring be the last day of winter?  Lol!!!I think the groundhog lied!!

not over YET//////////////SURPRISE IS COMING

There's been snow in June here in Buffalo. *chuckles*

I live in NE Pa and we got 3 inches of this #$%$ late yesterday afternoon after it was predicted to start in the early a.m. The weather forecasters said we were supposed to get 5-8 inches, God I'm glad they were wrong as usual...... BTW the ground hog can stuff his forecast

However late April Showers often bring May flowers as the song goes...

Psssst... Somebody better tell Barack to bring his winter coat.  The whole "global warming" schtick just isn't working anymore...

I don't understand. We were being warned of a major drought this year because of climate change. Is it possible those low hanging nut liberals were wrong?

"assult atmosphere"

A few years back we got a blizzard on April 1 st this is what happens in the northeast

GLOBAL SNnnnOOOWWWIIIINNnngggg!!!!snow, ice this late in the year?global warming AGAIN ... right?

Where is Mt. Smiley with his snow plow this time?

Nature's revenge for being Socialists up there. I am very glad.

You are funny, Yahoo!This is not the last blast, there is more to come!Comments?

I remember when I lived in MA many years ago, the last big snow was in April...it is not over yet...

I don't know why people say i'm tired to this i'm tired of snow..i'm tired of cold. well move south!! what do you think your going to get???

Did OBAMA blame Bush yet?

This is why the kooks stopped using the term global warming and started calling it climate change. After all, the weather is always changing.

Just when the last vestiges of snow from the 3 foot storm were about melted.  We get this.  Of course last week parts  of CT got 1 foot of snow, I only got a frosting that day.  They days this year have been markedly colder than last year.  I remember riding my bike all winter long last year and only a couple times a month this year just to keep the engines tuned this year.  To all the global warming crown I just have to say, some years it gets cold and some years it's warm and this year it's cold.  As for the polar ice caps, well tell Asia to stop putting so much particulate in the atmosphere, which make the caps grey and absorb heat and melt them.  It's not  carbon, all carbon does is acts as fertilizer for plants. I'm not going to stop exhaling to appease the carbon footprint crowd.

This year I plowed snow the 18th of March. Last year I mowed my lawn March 31. It all averages out. Beware of these screwy Greenie Weenie people who want to put stuff in the atmosphere to block the sun. They will kill us all.Is this global warming, or climate change or just nature doing what it does?

It is winter and in winter it snows and sometimes it does do  freezing rain.So why does the world act like this is new?

That groundhog really blew it this year. It never made since to me that if he see his shadow it means 6 weeks more winter when if he see his shadow it means the sun is shining and it is not gloomy and if he does not see his shadow it means it is gloomy and overcast. Seems like the results got reversed somewhere along the line.

Scientists have proven that global warming is responsible for much colder temperatures. (Just nod your head in agreement.)

Any more global warming and we'll have snow into June

This is news? When I lived in Connecticut we had some of the worst blizzards in April, right after the date the law required us to remove studded snow tires from our cars.

Ain't global warming grand?

It's the weather, it changes

Go away snow! We've had enough for the winter!!!!

I love how weather is never covered here in the NW,(Montana) with 20 foot drifts and schools and roads closed.   But as soon as it hits some populated area like North Dakota, Minneapolis, then people start telling how the weather is there, and still avoid forecasts for the whole state just about.  Its ridiculous.  We are still digging out and cleaning up streets and roads.What's all the hype about? This is nothing new in the Northeast. I grew up there and have seen a foot of snow on April 30th and more snow in early May. It's WINTER, of course it is VERY likely that there will be snow.duh!! The good news though, is that when they get snow this late in the season it doesn't stay on the ground for long. It will probably all be melted by Easter.

This is just winter; why it makes news is a mystery to me other than these so-called journalists have nothing better to report. Of course it's always peppered up once the political separatists and religious zealots start posting their lunatic banter.

Another big storm is coming next weekend so we'll have to do this all over again.

Curse This Man Made Global Warming&gt;:-(

It's the middle of March, isn't that pretty normal up there though like April?

Check with Al Gore.  Hell try to tell you its Global Warming.  Idiots.

Awww, c'mon, new-Englanders, STOP WHINING!! JEEESSSH!  It's called WINTERRRRR.Snow happens!  Or, maybe, just maybe it's...... wait for it...... Global warrrrmming..... Yeah.Blame it on THAT!

It's just part of Global Warming, isn't it?

I've lived in Northern New England for 55 years,,,This use to be called a snow flurry,now its an extreme weather event,,,Actually it is just a weather CYCLE,,but you can't TAX a weather cycle,,,Bunch of wussies!!!

Tough it out. This is good for the farmers and what's good for the farmers is good for all of us.I am so flipping tired of this Global Warming!! Last year was much warmer, I was painting outside in March. Now it's 30.

Yankees are growing soft, we have a good chance to win the next war.Sunny and warn in the south : )

It's snowing in winter in Connecticut? NO WAY!

it's true, no two flakes are alike.

dont like the weather in new england,wait a few mins

Didn't the ground hog say we were having an early spring??? Well thats got to tell you something .. The world is spinning in a different direction nowadays.. Cause even the ground can't get it right !!

GLOBAL WARMING!!!!!!  YIKES

An uncalculated Degree loss?

when there's an article about drought i don't see anyone come on to comment 'maybe because its global warming'. but they comment that on an article about snow. therefore you anti-global warming folks are just bias and denial as those who say there's a global warming.

"Everyone knows that fire causes ice" - Al GorezeeraHey global worming azzhat! comon over &amp; shovel my dirveway-Then we can have coffe &amp; discuss how warm it is

An unrequested frozen water surplus?

Got to love that Glow Ball warming huh?

Blame it on all the talk about global warming!

She likes to give Happy Ending at_____bubida. Check it out.

studs off in June, back on again in October. Whats the big deal.

Damn mother nature loves connecticut ( hope mom's ok in prospect? )

Damn mother nature loves connecticut ( hope mom's ok in prospect? )

OBAMA CAUSED THIS RAR RAR.

Global warming must be causing this.It's global cooling.  no wait it global warming.  Hold on a second...We'll call it climate change so no matter what happens we can say we were right.

Indeed, winter does not let go.  No, not until March 20th, according to human measure.  Winter does not use a calendar, but she does obey the Earth's axis tilt.  Snow, ice, and sleet in winter, indeed!

Why do we continue the farce that they call Groundhogs Day?