The German's are nuts, imposing this on Cyprus.  It has created a "bank run" on Cyprus, and what will depositors in Italy, Spain, Portgual and so on do.  Their banks are weak also, and it may encourage people to start pulling their money out of banks, which will precipitate another credit crisis, in which larger countries will have to step in to help, and the domino effect takes place.The EUROs are UNABLE to fix their debt problem.  They have had 5 years and have not done so.  People should stay completely away from European investments until they take significant action on their debt issue.

of course he is unhappy his money and all his buddies money have just been hit with a 9.9% tax. Cyprus exists to launder russian money

"Russians have for years seen Cyprus as an investor-friendly jurisdiction with lax banking regulations and low taxes."Just like Americans who seek refuge in offshore accounts. I was opposed to the levy when I first saw the proposal but seeing who the "victims" are I dont know if I oppose it now.

Too many "poutanies" from Putin!

Shove it Putin.  Your corrupt cronies will just have to move their money to some other country with better tax shelters.

Austerity is great until it forces money launderers to take a haircut.  What a load of #$%$.  This is like Pena Nieto's "reforms" in Mexico.  He's just negotiating for a bigger cut.

Oh, I see what the Cypriots are trying to do, makes sense now, all they have to do is raise the bar some so no Cypriots are hurt, that's all and claim protecting the poor while sticking the foreignors to pay the bill.

Vlad is right the bank and its shareholders should pay for the losses they created, not the innocent depositors. If the bank cannot honor its commitments to its depositors, it should be closed.

Always count on the Russians to defend the right of their oligararchs to launder their ill gotten gains.

I wonder how much money Putin and friends have in those banks???.So what if the Russians have tax-friendly places to park their money. Get a job, make some money, and do the same. It will make you feel better when you keep Uncle Sam (or anyone else's uncle) out of your wallet.

Before everyone starts saying how messed up Cyprus and the EU are for this, be prepared for Mr. Obama's government to do the same thing in the USA. It's all part of the 'redistribution" of wealth he's been on about since he got elected. With his push to make American more like Europe, this is right around the corner.

Who cares where the money comes from, depositors are being ripped off.  This will be remembered as the day that the Euro mask fell off.  Your money is not your money.  It all belongs to the state apparently.

So taking ~10% from bank deposits is more fair then forcing debt holders from Greece to taking a ~50% less then what they had invested? If the banks collapse because someone else does not bail them out then there will be a 100% loss of investment.

There will be a reaction to this outrage!

"Putin said such a decision, if taken, would be unjust, unprofessional and dangerous," was he talking about the policies in the US?