How about pictures of diseased livers and vehicle crashes on alcohol products?

I don't give a crud if there is a picture of 20 dead kids killed by a drunk driver on a bottle of vodka, it will just be something to stare at while I'm drinking it with my homeless friends!

How about warnings on voting ballots of the dangers of putting these people into office?

And they should put warnings on "Junk Food".

Looks like another Congressman saw "Thank you for smoking" the movie, as well.

Welcome to America....if you can't restrict it you try to scare people out of it.

Cigarettes aren't addictive, I've quit several times.

how long have warnings been on cigarettes?  since the mid 1960s?  and they are still spending money on it?  most people i know who smoke read all this and 'it ain't gonna happen to me' syndrome rules the day.  in fact, it stimulates some people's curiosty and their anti law attitude.  save the money with all this warning stuff it doesn't do a lick of good. ask me i smoked and it was when I began to feel like poop that i quit. not from some warning.

Smoking is stupd!  But, one of the great things about Amercia is that you have the right to be stupid as long as you're not hurting anyone else!!

Corporations are NOT persons.  The have no soul, they have no free will, no have no right to free speech.  The Supreme Court needs to be informed of this by the legislator because otherwise the Court will soon give corporations the right to vote.  Three fifths of a vote for each of their "employees."

The rest of the World is FAR AHEAD of the USA on WARNING people of the ADDICTION and dangers of smoking cigarettes; for the past 10 years or more in Hong Kong ALL brands of cigarette packs have a LARGE WARNING on all sides stating "CIGARETTE SMOKING IS HAZARDOUT TO YOUR HEALTH!"  TV commercials show people who have had throat and lung cancer to include all the scars and stitches!You gotta love a place where business is required by law to pay for advertising designed to destroy their business.

The government does not want you to quit smoking.  Or drinking.  They can't afford to lose the taxes collected by bad habits.

Gov't is changing their tactics because they still want the tax money ........... they will just put an exclusion clause in Obamacare, for smokers.

If the government is so opposed to smoking then stop subsidizing tobacco farmers &amp; put a warning on cigarette packages that reads; user assumes all risks &amp; associated costs by consuming this product.  In plain English this means that you may not sue the manufacturer of cigarettes &amp; you must pay health care costs out of pocket or through private medical insurance coverage.

grandma smoked ,drank, had bacon n eggs everyday lived to 104

Well, once people quit smoking they'll start taxing fatty foods, soda and your weight to pay for all of the stuff that smokers used to pay for. Now you know where Bloomberg is really going with his cr@p.

Guess sequester didn't hit the FDA and the Justice Dept too hard.....or maybe since they haven't done all that much anyway that they have extra cash on hand....

I know Obama smokes like a chinese factory. Is that picture of him?

Smokers, this is what you get for not organizing and allowing politicians to fug you over and they bent on your destruction mainly Michael Bloomberg.

You can't legistlate common sense. Your parents teach it to you. When you don't listen you pay the price.You have to draw the line somewhere on how far its the governments job to protect us from ourselves.  We have freedom (less of it lately) and with that freedom we can do things that hurt us if we CHOOSE to do it.  Less government is better.

They will be replacing these images with even "MORE " sickening pictures,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,PICTURES OF THE KING SMOKER HIMSELF ,,,,,,,,,,,,OBAMA !!!!

Didn't the FDA APPROVE of these things?  Somebody should sue the stupid governmenttards.

Dropped because they make a killing from cigarette lobbying

Is that Obama in that photo ?

how about pictures of happy muslim terrorists on u.s. tax forms, that's where the money is going.

For years you could smoke if you choose to. Now they have all but banned smoking of cigarettes. Why, because they care about you! And they don't want nothing to happen to you!

So glad my tax money goes into this #$%$.

@Dusty...Exactly. You could also put photos of street people and alcoholics on liquor and beer bottles. That doesn't even touch the harm that alcohol can cause. How about some domestic violence photos, too, that were the result of over indulging in alcohol?

Tobacco companies spent  millions  on lobbying in Washington again .Pretty amusing since Obama smokes.... as well as almost 50% of the population.... you bible squeezers need to go back to sleep and leave us alone....

That guy in the picture goes around all day saying hey watch this.

I agree with other people that say perhaps they should put graphic images on alcohol bottles, or perhaps images of obese people and amputated diabetic limbs on food containers with high fat/sugar content? Government needs to stop trying to regulate people's behavior.

lol  Obama smokes.  Typical freakin Socialist.  "Don't do as I do, do as I say."

This is why Obama always covers his neck.

I dont smoke and I dont want to see that #$%$!!

Smoke weed instead.

Food for thought...Why would a government want to spend so many millions of dollars on medicare for people who have smoked cigarettes for most of ther adult lives and millions more on medicaid for smokers if smoking is actually so deterimental to one's health? Why why don't they ban the sale of tobacco products?  There has to be some reason for their refusal to do that if using tobacco products is actually so dangerous..

why dont they put pictures of distended and cirrhotic livers on beer and wine packages? Or pictures of obese people on fast food bags?

The warning labels should be on everything including a marriage license!And what are the warnings on the beer cans for example???  Isn't alcohol addictve too???  And what about the "do not drink and drive", yet just about every gas station on the express ways sells beer.......................................

I don't even smoke cigarettes and I never have. I think they're repulsive and anyone who consciously smokes them is an idiot. BUT the government needs to get their nose out of everyone's #$%$. This kind of control isn't what the founding fathers had in mind.

I'm so glad I quit smoking. Those things were killing me now I have to walk around with a albuterol inhaler just in case my recently diagnosed asthma decides to start kicking my @:$:$.

I don't understand why they go to the trouble of all this "anti-" stuff when they might as well ban them. Oh yeah, that would mean decreased tax revenue.

Big $$$ must have fell out of a lot of trucks.

The two commercials that run now about the amputees who have lost limbs "SOLELY DUE TO SMOKING" are medically inaccurate. There are people who have rare circulatory disease that are also smokers that causes the amputations. Even if those4 people did not smoke, they would have lost limbs anyway. I admit that smoking is not the healthiest of activities but using inaccurate information is not a way to deter it.

Where exactly were they going to put these photos of lung with cancer on the label

I don't think it matters what you put on a pack of cigarettes, people that smoke will do it any way. You may get them to think about it for a split second, but that's all.

E-cigs

How about pictures of Piglosi and Feinstein.  Gawd that's scary!!Un a skoll man   da da da da da

They should put the faces of Oprah Winfrey or Hillary Clinton on a box ofCupcakes.  A picture of Rosie O'Donnell on a package of pork chops.

The low information Voter(Obama's supporters), still wouldn't get it.  They would blame and sue.

This is about as much BS as the anti-pot campaign over the last 40 years. If you smoke, you smoke... no advertising or graphic images are going to deter people who are already committed smokers. We chose to smoke and we can choose to quit if we want to (or choose to)... some of us (probably a lot of us) enjoy smoking and will continue to do so and the government has absolutely no influence over whether we do it or not. They are wasting more time and money on yet another useless campaign..... If you are anti-smoking, then you stay away from us and we will stay away from you... otherwise, leave us the hell alone!....

Stop trying to legislate safety and let people take back responceability for their own actions.

When I was smoking, they could have had dissected cancer-ridden lungs sitting on the counter in a jar, and I would have still bought the cigarettes.

Lek Me Big Round Bols !   HALF of the cost of alcohol and cigarettes is TAX that governments imposes on the products! How does the government return the favor? They are PUNKS!

I guess all those lobby checks to the law makers worked. We know are law makers only do what is best for us right?

This guy looks like Obama with out the robe

The smell of cigarettes makes me want to vomit. People walk around stinking like that. I think when I use to smoke(quit 8 years ago) if I knew I smelled that bad...that may have done the trick and made me quit. Thank God I quit! Your senses are so much stronger when you don't smoke. You don't realize these things when your a "smoker"Put a picture of Sandra Bernhard on a package of tofu.

Put a picture of Nasty Pelosi on the office walls of plastic surgeons.

Put a picture of Boy George on a jar of Vaseline.

Put a picture of Barry White on a bag of Burger King.

Put a picture of Phyllis Diller on a can of hairspray.

Put a picture of Bill Clinton on a box of Tampons.

Put a picture of Barney Frank on a package of hotdogs.

Next they will want to put diabetes patient pictures on soda cans.

None of the current products meant to stop people from smoking work on all people. In fact some of the pills can kill you. The have programs for drug abusers, alcoholics, gamblers, but not organized movement for smokers except to tax them to death and try to scare them with ads. I guess as long as they pay the taxes it's all good right?

look's like obama ?Is that Obama in the Picture???????????????????????

I smoked for 18 years, quit 8 years ago (cold turkey) I must say that while I was smoking, I don't think there really was anything you could say or do to get me to stop smoking...until I quit for myself for my own reasons.

"Hussein Menthols, for the man who thinks he's God."

Smoking tobacco is harmful, but smoking pot is some damn good stuff. Being hooked on legal script drugs is good stuff to. Drink all the Alcohol you want it's good for you to, but tobacco is TERRIBLE! Maybe next the Government can show adds of Jews being gassed so as to teach people like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton not to be anti-semitic!

The Walking Dead is one of the most watched TV shows on and they think there scary tactics are going to frighten young people from smoking. To much.

when i was a kid they promoted them ,got us all hooked. they knew they were bad for us and so did we. im still hooked,  ive tried everythng. i no they will be the death of me ..... it is the worst drug in the world. now they tax them more . look @ all the money they all make . i wish they made a real drug or dna to stop this adiction.

Been smoker long time , now smoke like 7 cigarettes per day , soon will go down to 4 cigarettes and then quit for good ,

Put a picture of a Samoan woman on flower print dresses.

Put a picture of actress Gabourey Sidibe on a bucket of KFC.

Put a picture of Ellen DeGenerate on a can of sardines.Put a picture of Neil Patrick Harris on bow-ties.

To quit smoking you don't need the patch,hypnosis,electronic cigarettes,rehab etc.You just need to go deep inside yourself and find your Mojo and quit.

They should jam a camera down Boehner's throat and put a picture of his lungs on the cigarette pack.

Put a picture of Monica Lewinsky on blue denim skirts.

Put of picture of MOO'NIQUE on a bag of sugar.

Correction:  A lot of WOULD-BE tobacco tax money goes to Black colleges.

How about putting a face of a poor, illiterate, Black thug or hootchie.  A lot oftobacco tax money goes to Black colleges.

Cigarettes are a legal substance. They will never outlaw them because of all the taxes they get from the tobacco companies.

and they label all food the same way ,and all the #$%$ in our water

I don't like cigarettes but it is always good to see Holder lose another case.Our "smoking" President probably didn't want the reminders on the pack and backed Holder off.  It's the same reason he won't look at the national debt clock or quotes from Senator Obama that raising the debt ceiling is a "leadership failure."

its all about government control and brainwashing the sheep

How about pictures of aborted babies.

Why should the government have such a drastic say about the packaging on a legal consumer product?  People this is not about public health or deterring smoking this is about control.  So are we to put the mangled bodies of those killed by a drunk driver on alcohol products?  Are we to put graphic images of ulcerated stomachs on fast food cartons?  I could go on but you should be able to see how ludicrous all this is.  Cigarette packages already have a warning label on them as required and that is enough.  The whole deal over the punitive taxation of those who partake in tobacco products is equally as ludicrous and based upon the shaky science of second hand smoke most of which has been proven to be a crock.  It's time that the big hand of government is bound for good.  They are out of control on everything and on the wrong side of almost everything.  Their goal is not to properly govern this nation, they want the power, the control and all the money you earn.  It's time we return to the once free society we were where we were free to make our own decisions.  All the hyperbole about how smokers, obese, etc... drive up health care costs is another crock of bull.  The reason health care costs are so high are due to insurance companies, medicaid, medicare, government, etc...  It really is time that people wake up and learn something for a change instead of buying into every bull spit study comes along.

I SAY LET PEOPLE SMOKE----WHEN THEY DIE, MORE FRESH AIR FOR THE REST OF US   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Put a picture of George Michael on a box of Fruit Loops.

I like the one with the smoke coming out of the hole in the neck.

Cigarettes murder 500,000 Americans annually and have no purpose other than to kill. Yet the Kenyan Marxist and his Junta of clowns make no move to ban them. What a bunch of hypocrites these treasonous Marxists are.

Put a picture of Obama at your local Unemployment Office.

cleveland clinic hospital test employees for nicotine. if its in their pee ,your firedWe want out drugs - no matter what they are - pictures, wars, and legislation will never stop them

Ask your Congresman  where the money went on the money that they got  for massive taxes on smokers.   And where did the money go from the suit that the U.S. gained from the tobacco companies?

Ya know, all of America knew in the 1800's that cigs were deadly, they called them coffin nails back then, so why are we so worried now??

Thanks to the feds, bloombergitis can be stopped.

They should outlaw all chemicals that are put in them as well as the sale of them. I wonder then how many people would grow their own tobacco for their private use as it should be..

How about putting warnings on vehichles that says "Warning, The Carbon that comes from this vehichle is phenomenally much greater than that of cigerettes"

Every person that smokes cigs knows how addictive &amp; unhealthy they are. No one forces me to pay $5.50 for a pack of newports &amp; i know the benefits if i were to stop right now, more money in my pocket &amp;  less stress about my health. However, since i know that's not about to happen my only question is why sue when you know all you have to do is stop smoking? I know because i've "stopped " so many times i should be rich. I hate smoking cigs, but it's still my choice regardless of any warning on the pack.

Warning mass consumptions on sodas will make fat and unhealthy.

Everything is bad for you, so, do nothing and you might be better off- maybe.

Better yet. Put a picture of Obama on the side of a dog catcher's truckIf I'm not mistaken, thats a photograph of Boehner enjoying one of the free cigarettes given to him by a lobbyist.

Electronic cigarettes will, hopefully, save millions of people from tobacco smoke. Vaping, as it is called, saved me.  It is bewildering when you begin because there are so many products and flavored juices both with and without nicotine, but since my first disposable e-cig on February 25 I have not looked back at tobacco. An answer to a decades-long prayer. Now I can work on the nicotine addiction because I hope and pray to not be addicted to nicotine when the Lord returns. God bless and help everyone.

Sometimes the truth is ugly.

Don't worry people, today cigarettes, tomorrow food. You will soon have prescribed diets, it will be better for you if they protect your health.

How is it that our congress/government seems to think so highly of their attack against the tobacco companies, to save lives and yet they authorize the killing of more than 30,000 babies a year via abortion clinics?

Huh, I guess Obama is smoking again!

Get Osambo, Eric #$%$" Holder and Bloombitch to FO !!!

They want to teach the young people that smoking cigarettes is bad for your health, but marijuana will not harm them.

Good. It didn't make sense to put those pictures on cigarette packs anyway.Smokers would have ignored and threw them away without looking at them, and the rest of us would have had lurid, disgusting images in gutters, parking lots, street corners and all the other places we see cigarette rubbish. Who wants to look at cancer infested lungs at bus stop or crosswalk? It wouldn't save lives, it would have just been something gross in everybody's faces.

whats sad is the anti smoking people are taking good money &amp; using it on award winning directors, screen writers &amp; award winning set designers.  lots of money. and what's further is that all these non smokers are ranting about how great they are. HA! smokers look at the ads &amp; shut them off! no smoker pays any attention to the anti smoking ads. why should they? the ads are either stupid or they are really stupid!i'm a former smoker &amp; i know!I smoke, and I want to collect them all...enlarge them and put them in the back window of my ride!

Does the person in this picture look familiar to you? Way to go KING-O Not only do you look like the devil in the series Jesus but now we know why you have quit smoking....

My Great Grandmother drank booze and black coffee, smoked, ate whatever she felt like everyday since she was a teenager. She was 91 years old when she passed away, peacefully, in her sleep. She lived independently (though we would visit and help her out around the house sometimes), she could walk on her own, bathe, feed herself, and her memory wasn't too shabby either.On the other hand, my mother in-law passed away at the age of 52 from cirrhosis of the liver. She never even drank until sometime after she turned 40 and it's not like she was wasted 24/7 or anything like that. She didn't even drink every day but, when she did, it was Canadian Mist in excess. She also ate Ibuprofen like candy.Idk, point being, not everyone who smokes or drinks dies from it. There's a lot more to it than that and I think that the placement of these horrific pictures on cigarette packs would have more adverse effect than intended. As bad as it sounds, I know a lot of teenagers who would probably buy a pack out of curiosity and for the novelty of it.

We are using the same anti tobacco policy that Nazi Germany used back in the 1930's and 1940's and they act like this is a new idea its not.

As a past smoker - have to say, ads against it are a waste - a person has to smoke or not, quit or not for their own personal reasons - words, pictures just a waste of money. I knew they were bad for my health at 15 - watched people die of lung cancer and emphysema - didn't stop me.Worked in pathology and helped with autopsies on bunches of folks fouled with smoking related grossness – didn’t work either. Back then we smoked in the lab at the desk across the room while doing the autopsy.

eric holder should be locked up for treason

It is all about parenting. Keep the government out of my life

we need to put warning labels on  cars and cell phones the kill more people then cigarettes.

So, is this also a picture of Obama, sure looks like him.  Of Course, they all look alike to me.

Everything we use and do should come with warning labels,All politicians should come with the warning ,May Change Opinions and Direction at any time beware.Thats the first pic of the dog eating kenyan halfrican that I enjoy looking at.

Dua  Just like  Crack. &amp; Dope....Sooo What is  the Government going to do about that.?

does any one remember that when you " so to speak" didnt do things such as ; smoke pot, drink, and commit theft, you were pretty much considered a very law abiding " upstanding" citizen? presently it is very hard to stay out of unfavorable judgements from others and even rough to keep yourself out of the range of receiving a felony

i  am  43 smoker and no matter  what you do i will continue to smoke. so  all the ads in the world will not do any  good. i have see it all   i am not scared

I started smoking about forty years ago, I guess due to peer pressure. Now that I'm just starting to enjoy it, everyone wants me to quit.

Smoke 'em if you got 'em!

I knew that big tobacco was going to win in the end.  Big tobacco always wins. Because the number of smokers in the U.S. has fallen, big tobacco has targeted Asia and Europe.  They are making so much money off of the gullible idiots on those continents, that they have more than enough money to "buy influence" with American politicians.

'will craft new anti-smoking ads that do not run afoul of free speech rights.'Funny...to think they should of just made ads that didn't run afoul of free speech rights in the first place. Irony abounds...

why not die smoking the medicine they give people kill twice as much

how about pictures showing how the constant government interference in the free market system is causing more and more poverty  every time they inject themselves into our lives. government is not the solution. government is the problem. the people are the solution.Doesn't the government have anything better to do?  These are your hard earned tax dollars at work!  How about spending tax dollars to fix the air we breathe and increase education for the children.  There are more important issues at hand besides controlling people who smoke.  Believe me the air pollution is not from cigs.

Let the fools smoke and drink. Funeral homes encourage it.

Yeah I can go smoke a joint but not a cig america is scewed up

put warnings on gov in washington  thieves corruption and lies

stop selling them and make them go on the black market but oh! NO then how would the government profit off all the disease's that smoking cause's and the $3 a pack taxes stop selling them. From a smoker. I don't care what they do with them maybe dump a couple of billion on more research.lol

Obama's a smoker.  Just put his face on an ad.  That will scare you to stop.

I thank ther should be a warnin agance same sex margeand the ones that suports it

Smokers do not care. It is a choice that they are willing to make no matter what. I just think it is ridiculous that they have had the nerve to sue tobacco companies and have won. Their choice they need to live with the problems associated with smoking. To much money is wasted on these campaigns.

Everybody knows smoking is bad. Putting labels or warnings on cigarette packs is a waste of time and money.

What about disclosing information on all police, government agency on all their harrasments, beating, corruption, cheating on ballots, misappropriation of funds.Ron r, I do love it. I hope it is effective.

I agree that all products should have graphic warning labels i mean where do we think we live anyways i think the warning labels should be more graphic and larger if anything cause everybody in this country is absolutely #$%$ while we're. At it i think the government should just ban everything that's even remotely dangerous problem solved

Only reason is because the tobacco lobbyists are still so strong - put warnings on booze, pills everything - and stop taxing the smoker for every ill health issue in the country.

They should put a warning on your wifes #$%$ to

The government has #$%$ up my life (and all of yours) quite enough. Get the #$%$ out of my lungs and let me enjoy my #$%$ cigarettes. You can use the taxes you've leached out of me to pay for my funeral

How about taxing cigarrettes 1000% and allowing the public to beat the s#!t out of anybody who is inconsiderate enough to expose their toxic fumes to the public.

Is that the dog eater in the pic? He is a smoker....

shows how stupid the anti smoking fools really are! in many cases &amp; especialy with teens, the harder you push against smoking the more teens will do it! i used to smoke &amp; blow smoke in the anti smokers faces when they yapped at me on the street.i was a 2 pack a day smoker. (one for me. one pack just to annoy the anti smokers!)ok, ,wasn't to smart, lol. but i hated the anti smokers! i still like to lite up a cigar just to wave the smoke around at/near the anti smokers.

When I was a teenager we used to say, "If she smokes, she pokes." So here's an idea that repiglicans will really like; if a woman is smoking, it's legitimate consent.

I say we just ban them all together.Looks just like him doesn't it. First Satan and now this ad. hahaha

and on that note, i'm gonna go have a cigarette. diseases be damned!

Whacking off is also addictive:-)

Smoking is stupid and useless. There are no benefits. People are stupid

Wow, let's go with the softer ads that will now cost many more lives driving up health care costs even more.