How many of these so called leaders have fought along side the people in Syria. How many have taken blood and watched a fellow Syrian die? Probably a few but most hide outside the country and make speeches.

I'm rooting for Assad. Kerry and Obama can kiss my #$%$. Bilderberg peices of #$%$. The rebels have already shown thiet true colors and I say  fkc them .

Yahoo take the identifier off my comments. Sorry your not with  the rest of us.

Lawsuits are for a reason

Idris may reassure the coalition his FSA will operate under its umbrella as long as the coalition keeps on channeling funds. How long will Bedouin money continue pouring? With an interim government much more financing will be needed. But this cannot go on forever.

Syrian rebel official, definition ( terrorist ) !

Very simple - Islam and Democracy does not work. I am not sure why our govt. is (not) seeing this. All the countries so called liberated are in the hands of Islamist including Egypt. Syria will join the list soon. Saudi money is at work under our protection :)Common people are alway under the illusion of things that are completely different. Games are played at much higher level...

"We ask the international community to help us train special forces that can secure these weapons and keep them from falling into the hands of extremists," he said.So..now terrorists are gonna get ahold of these chemical weapons. Great job  US gov't. Don't stop aiding these terrorists...Think this is a nightmare? Wait till you wake up and realize, as martin Lawrence said "S*H*I*T just got real."

Why does the world insist on recognizing terrorists in Syria in their jihad against a secular regime? The great people of Syria are the ones that will suffer as these terrorists target them in order to create fear. The most logical way to stop this tragedy is for the countries of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey to stop funding, arming and providing safe passage to terrorist organizations.

Assad must utilize chemical weapons on all rebels and all foreigners !Changing one oppressive Muslim regime for another oppressive Muslim regime. That's progress!

Support Assad to get rid of all jihadist terrorists

America is Embarrassed by our President-OBAMA

Al-qaeda rebels want some legal power

"the most official grouping": Who and what makes a "grouping" "official"?

Black Flag shall not rule Syria. Syria will not fall into hands of terrorists.These clowns are wasting their time in Turkey, just having free meal and party.

Hooray! Now they can have equal rights for women, gay marriage and free everything.

Chief of Staff of what?  There are hardly any Syrians left in the FSA.  They're all foreign Jihadists.  And where is this government supposed to rule?  In Istanbul?  This is a stupid article by a moron named Hubbard who is not even in Syria.  The heavy fighting he talks about is over in Damascus. The Syrian army decimated the #$%$ Islamist trash at Darayya and has made mincemeat out of them at Jawbar.  What nonsense.  What propaganda. Long live secular Syria. Death to reactionary troglodytes and rats like Saudis and Qataris.

Some members of the Syrian National Coalition were actually picked by Hillary Clinton, an ardent supporter of Zionism.

!Really! Who the hell is he!! Will the terrorists listen to him or any other puppets?Salim Idris hates the enemies of the Zionist Jews.  Have him hanged in the middle of the old city of Damascus.

When will Russia and China put their foot down and put the US in its place? Before or after terrorists are in control of chemical weapons? The US is incapable of making grown up decisions.

I Am the Supreme Rebel Leader of Syria. This man is an imposter!

Wow.. Really.. Who the hell are they! Filthy dirty long beards Whabbies.. 2 years of talk.. Their victories are: bloods, destruction, rape, kidnapping, suicide bombs, stealing, 72 virgins.. They must  be really proud of these noble achievements

So, this "rebel govt." sits in Istanbul? With or without anal retention?

Wow.. Really.. Who the hell are they! Filthy dirty long beards Whabbies.. 2 years of talk.. Their victories are: bloods, destruction, rape, kidnapping, suicide bombs, stealing, 72 virgins.. They must be really proud of these noble achievementsTerminator, 4 hrs agoAsk your mama to terminate this ! Mf ! Lol . Alawit hizbollah terrorists loves American movies ! Lolo  ill be back ! Mf lol

Chief of Staff of what? There are hardly any Syrians left in the FSA. They're all foreign Jihadists. And where is this government supposed to rule? In Istanbul? This is a stupid article by a moron named Hubbard who is not even in Syria. The heavy fighting he talks about is over in Damascus. The Syrian army decimated the #$%$ Islamist trash at Darayya and has made mincemeat out of them at Jawbar. What nonsense. What propaganda. Long live secular Syria. Death to reactionary troglodytes and rats like Saudis and Qataris.Ziad Fadel, 3 hrs agoAre you done ? Now, go f urself please !! Lol  terrorist

Lawsuits are for a reasonUncle sam's plantation, 1 hr agoYou know what to do with your Iranian lawsuits mf !

Assad must utilize chemical weapons on all rebels and all foreigners !PhxAries, 2 hrs agoThis alawit thug and his hizbollah are the foreigners !! F u lolo

I'm rooting for Assad. Kerry and Obama can kiss my #$%$. Bilderberg peices of #$%$. The rebels have already shown thiet true colors and I say fkc them .Uncle sam's plantation, 1 hr agoEat your heart out hizbollah Iranian terrorists supporter ! You ain't American, you are Iranian hizbollah posting from Iran mf ! LoloARMING SYRIAN REBELS WILL NOT SAVE LIFES!

Who is this Gen. Salim Idris? One wahabist terrorist? Or one democratic guy with humanist and democratic program and sincerly laicist ideology. Of course is a sunni al-Qaeda terrorist that want to impose his own sect on power and killing diferent beliefs and sects, either religious sects either laicist and civilian freedoms.

Could the expression "Too many cooks spoil the broth" be applicable to ALL the problems in the ME, obviously including Syria as a focal point at this moment? No one group recognizes anyone it seems as a leader to represent everyones interests, aside Assad who seems to be the only thing they agree on and all the opposition obviously wants out. Big mess!

Syrians ought to let Israel run their government.  In short order, the Israelis would turn around Syria's failing economy and make the Syrian desert bloom; just like they did in Israel.

Rebel = terrorist, the ones our government &amp; media said did 9/11

Support the syrian rebles to rid syria from the iranian hizbollah terrorists