He was a hero. He save the country from Marxists filth

How people like this live with themselves after committing such an atrocity is beyond all thought and understanding...

I think it is a blessing that I look like Larry King on steroids.

Efrain Rios montt was the best dictator president Guatemala had, he rules Guatemala with an iron hand, but when he rule Guatemala was a very safe country with no crimes. You dare commit rape in Guatemala during his dictatorship this dictator would have you executed in public in live national T.V s, everyone would see and learn. In this governent years you would be able to leave the door of your house open and no one would come in and steal or robbed you. because they know better not to do it or else they will get it worse.

I lived &amp; worked there in the jungles in 1978 to 1980. Loved the people &amp; got along with the gorillas just fine. It was the police that brought the most fear. Several of the citizens that I new had been torture. A friend of mine had a cutting torch used on his stomach. He survived.

While sailing up the Rio Dulce for 4 years...several indiginous persons were murdered in the area.  Rumor at the time had it that their properties were first confiscated by the military, then sold to affluant Guatemalan residents (often German "refugees" from WW2!

Why is even alive?

The Mayan people continue to be treated as dirt.  If it were not for Pope John Paul the slaughter of these people would have continued as this was not just a proxy war by the US against Russia but a cleansing by German and Spanish descendants in the name of Catholicism. But to this day not one person has been held accountable for the Mayan Genocide.

the poorest of the poor suffer. reminds me of some minorities.

its very sad but he will get off because the system is so corrupt and he will buy his way out like all good dictators!The Reagan administration continued to support the general and his regime, paying a visit to Guatemala City in December 1982.  During a meeting with Ríos Montt on December 4, Reagan declared: "President Ríos Montt is a man of great personal integrity and commitment. ... I know he wants to improve the quality of life for all Guatemalans and to promote social justice."

Why isn't Raygun sitting in the docket next to him? Oh right, he's dead. He probably couldn't remember anything anyhow, conveniently.  maybe we can Nancy to take his place. Oh, wait, she "just says "no""

Why bother with a trial? It sounds like the author and others have already convicted him.

just saw his head off! little by little..