He will find out how much of a killer he really is real soon.

Totally irrelavant. None of the BULLIES shot him or killed him or any of his family. He chose willingly to kill people and wound people. They are innocent until proven guilty of anything. Some of the people he shot did not even know him. He should be executed asap. Hopefully he will get what he deserves in jail.

A boy who thinks he's tough, wait until he meets a few of his prison mates. We'll see how tough he is.

Hopefully he has a t-shirt that says "New Bride" soon enough...

He was charged as an adult, He should be sentenced as an adult.

Now this punk's education really begins. Let's see how tough he is in the slammer ! Bet he cries like a little baby !

Old enough to kill. Old enough to die.

Wears a shirt with "Killer" written on it, Curses at the families and fly's the bird,,,,,,Life in prison,, Works for me

Do the crime,do the time!!  I hope this POS rots there!!

He is guilty no doubt so why not put him to sleep and save the taxpayers 50K dollars a year that it takes to take care of him. Some things can not be fixed and he is one of them.

The legal system just cannot seem to give cold-blooded killers the death that justice requires of them.His 'tough guy' act will draw attention to him in prison that he will not want.

I hope this little punk enjoys his life sentence and every second in the prison shower while he is gang raped. Its called Kharma...and its directly proportional to what you do in life. Enjoy you little pyschopath....you should be very very popular....

If anyone needs a good shanking this punk is the one.  If I were the father of one of those victims when he made his obscene gesture it would have taken 10 cops to pull me off that futhermucker AFTER I pulled his heart out of his chest and shoved it down his pie hole.

I hope there is a psychologist somewhere that is looking at all  the school, medical and psychological records of these mass killers.  We need to have a clue on how to identify them before they kill.

One year and everything is settled.When did the Fort Hood shooting take place?

Didn't someone check his clothing before they brought him into court for sentencing?  That was repugnant.  Put him into GP and see how long he lasts.

A vicious punk with a gun ... again, the alert system,starting with the parents or parent, broke down.

We should bring back public hanging. I'd love to see him walk up to the platform and watch him smile then. Seeing him have his neck stretched would be a bonus. I'd make a picnic out of the event.

Why let him live?

The other, MUCH bigger inmates will be laughing at him and ordering him to pick up their soap soon.  His cocky attitude will change VERY quickly, or he'll get shived.I know someone who did hard time in Attica (NY) and life in big time prision is VERY, VERY hard, harder still for the cocky little guys who aren't street thugs and don't have "allies" before they go in.  Sometime in the next 5 - 10 years, he'll finally realize what an Aho$e he is and his life as a "killer" was a dead end.A true monster. RIP to the victims of his evil.

Tried to feign mental illness, didn't work. 17 or not, he should've gotten the death penalty. The jerk showed no remorse through out the entire trial.Oh, and one word to the media. We are all aware of the Sandy Hook incident. Please stop throwing it into every story that you print. This jerk used a non-military type .22 pistol, not an AR-15. And no, national outcry didn't prompt the POTUS to propose a gun ban, he had that planned all along.

So we taxpayers now foot the bill for yet another whacko to be locked up with a color TV and workout facilities?  BS -  a firing squad would be a better choice.

If he had shown remorse, would it have made it all right?  That very consideration is why people act the way they do.  Meaning as long as you apologize for doing wrong, its all right.  Failed society.

I hope he enjoys many of his date nights with his soon to be prison boyfriends.

For his "safety" he'll probably be put in a cell by himself. He should be put out with the general population, he wanted to be treated like a man, let him suffer the conquences.I guess he wanted to show everybody what a bad toosh he is. Profanity and rude gestures don't make a boy a man.

This p.o.s. thinks this is all fun and games obviously. I bet once he gets into general population that smirk will be punched or violated off his nasty face.

And this is why the media/polticians' gun obsession are just a distraction from solving the real problem in our society now.Kids like this have no soul...no remorse...no sense of right vs. wrong :-PThey'd just as soon build a bomb and blow people up or slit people's throats for fun...

The good thing about this sentence is that there won't be any appeals, or very few. This means the families will most likely never have to face this killer again and the state will just lock him up and throw away the key. That is the best way to bring clsoure and reduce the trauma for the families and victims.

The one thing we can all probably take heart in......I doubt he will last long in prison......It was an assault pistol firing a great big .22 bullet.  He fit the profile of the new laws they are proposing, and yet this still happened.  Explain to me how this proposed law would have stopped this.

I truly do hope that someone in prison will kick this kid's #$%$ if for no other reason than what he did in court was deliberately design to rub salt into he wounds of the family members who were present.

Life is prison just punishes the taxpayers who work for those taxes. This low life murderer deserves the firing squad. Why waste time, space, guard expenses and energy on this iniquitous savage? Life in prison is too good for this demoniac.

Hopefully he'll get raped a lot in prison, and then finally be killed by one of his inmates.  #$%$ like him doesn't deserve to live.

So the taxpayers have to 'foot the bill' for this Worm the rest of his life. I'm Sick of our liberal judicial system. Kill him and be done with it.

If I was one of those family members, I would be waiting for the day this scumwad thought he was getting out on parole. The system better keep him locked up forever.

Find some big overweight #$%$ to love up on his candy #$%$ for the next 60 years. Let him die of terminal hemaroids while the rest of the world forgets he existed.

Wow, two references to Sandy Hook in one story about someone using a .22 handgun.Will the media ever stop using Newtown to promote the gun control agenda?

I go along with the NRA which supports meaningful efforts to address the problems of violent crime and mass violence in America, through swift and certain prosecution of violent criminals; securing our schools; and fixing our broken mental health system.

In one year, he was tried, convicted and sentenced. He and society are guaranteed a speedy trial by our constitution. By the way, the Fort Hood Shooter, what is the hold up there?This kid is an example of what happens when parents drag up their kids. Negligent American parents are the worst in the world. Just look at all the crimes, rapes, divorces, largest prison population on the planet,etc.

Proof once again that we have a mental issue with todays youth.How is that being addressed in congress?

You know, for all the problems that come with their 7th century thinking, there are some things that Muslims do right. Dealing with #$%$ like this kid is a good example.

In some cases death is to final a sentence.A creature like this needs to feel his fate everyday and for fate to work on him everyday.And for him to know that he is not the great and powerful being he thought he was.And for him to pay for every life he took and every life ruined.And being as arrogant a kid as he is will learn soon enough that his life is not a dream but a living nightmare of violence sexual battery and loneness.

The real obscenities are about to start when this young punk enters the general prison population, good luck #$%$

A Bright student, doesn't mean that evil doesn't lurk one's head!

Put him in with the hard core prison population and let them take care of him.

Why anyone would try to "excuse" Lane because of his young age is beyond me.He attended an alternative school for problem students. He was at Chardon High School waiting for a bus when he opened fire.  Lane told police he was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, was not suicidal, was not angry with anyone, and was not being bullied.  Witnesses said that he appeared to target five boys. One of the victims (the one who was fatally wounded) was a boy who reportedly dated a girl whom Lane had a crush on.When Lane appeared in court to plead guilty, he wore a T-Shirt with the word "killer" written on it. He also gave the courtroom the middle finger during the hearing.Really nice guy, isn't he?

Who in this Ohio justice system strip searched this punk before he appeared in Court? He should never have appeared in anything other than a jail jumpsuit and should never have been allowed to address the Court and the victims' families. --He can now spend the rest of his life 'defending himself' against more violent and older inmates who are going to judge him for what he is: a violent psychopathic punk.

I would like to be a fly on the wall when he wakes up to the reality he's given himself for life.I have no problem with this kid being tried as an adult, however,  I wonder why the rapists in the other ohio town who were the same age were tried as juveniles. I consider rape just as horrible crime as murder.

Turn him loose in the general population and let nature take its course...

That's odd, he didn't use an "Assault Rifle" and people still died.

Old enough to commit an "adult" crime, should be old enough for the death penalty!

He certainly settled any lingering doubt that may have been in the judges mind. Took care of that. Oh, yea - appeal with your jailhouse lawyer all you like, T.J. This time-waster, bogus appeal will be placed in the circular file beside the Appeal Court's desk (the trash) and a copy mailed back to T.J. Lane marked with a bright red DENIED on it. Ok, next case ?

10 rounds from a .22 cal pistol.... so much for justifying the latest gun control measures.

The author just couldn't resist a Sandy Hook/ assault weapons reference, even though this POS used a 22 pistol.

Life in prison? Are you freaking kidding me? He killed 3 people, injured more and we are going to just let him hang our for the rest of his life while we all pay for his food, medical and other expenses. That's BS. We don't use the death penalty enough.Having a hard time finding people to flip the switch....call me!

He'll last about as long as Jeffrey Dahmer in prison.

Someone mentioned that the death penalty would be too easy. They are right! He will most likely walk bow legged for some time starting shortly after his first day or so in prison. Maybe that's what he wants, who knows? Some of the bigger stronger inmates may even fight over who gets him first. Maybe they will just pass him around. I'm sure he will get a lot of loving attention since he is so young, thin and so adorable. After all is said and done little TJ might make an obscene gesture at himself.  See how long it takes for the other prisoners to give this surly wimp an attitude adjustment the hard way. FultyMaybe if the shooter would have gone through the court system faster, and gotten the death penalty, other would-be shooters would have thought twice before seeking the "glory" of being a mass murderer.  Being soft on crime {this includes allowing insanity pleas, lengthy court trials, and endless appeals when guilt is obvious} begets more crime.

"May he die in the hands of another prisoner while serving his time, amen"

He's going to love becoming some big bucks girlfriend..

(mockingly saying) Gee why isn't CNN onsite trying to tell the story from the poor killer's perspective much like they did with Stubenville rapists?  Blame the victim of the rapists and how those rapist's lives are ruined but not those of the killer? CNN seems to be a bit wishy-washy on thier stories of the guilties.....

I understand not executing 17 year olds, but there is no way this thing is human.

what he used was not a "military style of assault" weapon. he used a 22 pistol. he's another nut case and the result of a society that doesn't teach good from bad. blame it on the gun? its the person!

After the "Boys" in prison rape him he won't be making anymore "Jestures" thats for sure! I still don't understand why we don't execute teenagers from 16 on up,he planned and carried out his murder spree,hes guility of premediated murder,and should get the needle!

I think he should be released into the custody of the families of his victims to deal with him however they please.

He's going to be on Bubbas team he'll be the center and bubba likes to get real close if you know what I mean. That kid is going to know pain he never dreamed of and fear for years and years.

Hey boy, you look mighty cute in dem jeans...Good to see that finally mental illness defense was not going to work. Bubba is waiting for you POS.

He's in big trouble in prison. They will probably put him in solitary. Other prisoners will not take kindly to the fact that he killed kids.

Not sure what the last paragraph has to do with the story.

He will get lotsa love in Prison...I assure you

And for the idiots who think the "Death Penalty" should be outlawed, why?

The media is responsible for the monkey see monkey kill mentality of these teenage wannbes.  Kill video games don't help any......  The Hollywood and Rockefeller center types will deny this to end..........

He has a miserable life ahead of him. He deserves worse.

Wow!  He threw away his whole life!  Then he decides to spit in the face of the victims families with is killer shirt and obscene gestures and statements.  Man he will really get a rude awakening when he gets put in a maximum security prison.  They will knock the snot out of this little attitude problem!  He wants to be real tough?  Be careful what you wish for!  There is always someone tougher or with more soldiers and power than you have!  He is toast!

This was done with a pistol not a military style gun.  No one can prevent violence.  All we can do is make the punishment so harsh, and the media coverage so small, that people will think twice before they do something to gain their day of fame on the Internet. This kid may be a smart mouth now, but wait as year after year goes by with no chance of parole ever. He will discover that he is not the big shot he thought he was as the world and even his family forget him.

As the family unit and religion are being destroyed in America, there will continue to be additional moral decay throughout our society and more horrible things happening.  Those are the two things that keep a society strong.  They are the building blocks of child health.  Most of the young men who go crazy either do not have a biological father present in their home or they have a step father they resent.  You cannot have healthy children if they are raised in a sick family unit.  Young men need a father to spend time with them doing outdoor things (anything for that matter) and bonding with them.  Many of the young men who wanted to kill were mentally unstable also and had a history of mental problems.  Young men need a strong and good father figure to look up to when they grow up.  Most of these young killers had none....or had a step father.  Our society will crumble when the basic family unit is destroyed and people do not take their children to church to learn about why following the 10 Commandments is good.  "Thou shall not kill."  Maybe for a change someone in this country needs to use common sense in figuring out why we have so many messed up kids.  We have grown father away from healthy families and father away from religion.  Bring those back and you have fewer horror stories in the news.   My worry is that society has lost its way so badly it is too late, but I also believe that if our country focused on healthy families and religion....there might still be hope.Guess the 15 round magazine limit wouldn't have helped in this case. He also didn't have legal possession of the firearm.Too bad he's not eligible for the death penalty. He should work hard labor in prison and pay restitution to these families for the rest of his miserable life.

"If only we could identify them ahead of time..."  What hogwash. Not like we could do anything about it.  painful public humiliation followed by even more painful public execution would stop a lot of this from happening.  When you kill someone the punishment should make you beg for your own demise

He will soon get his well-deserved initiation into life as a violent offender in prison.  Won't be very pleasant for him, and no one will be impressed with his child-murderer status.

take that shirt, tie it snuggly around his neck to make sure that that shirt does the job it states it will do and then tie his underwear around his gonads and swing him too and fro above the town hall for a few days.

I hope his Mama sends lots of Lotion with him.  He is going to need it REAL FAST. In prison, he will be called " B--ch" oh yeah, happy days are here to stay

Nice kid i hope he enjoys his new life.I wonder when he'll realize that this wasn't a video game and there isn't a reset button.

Take him out back and perform a nice clean double tap.  That should save tons of money.

The AR15 made him wear that shirt.

The little Dastard (expletive instead)  is going to be made a punk in prison by the wolves. Serves him right!

I agree with the one mother's statement.  He deserves nothing better being done to him than what he did to others.  He's twisted and that doesn't appear that it will change.Why couldn't we use this clown as a living organ donor.

stupid little punk has no idea what he is in for.

This is exactly why I question the call to ban "assault" weapons....he used a 22 caliber handgun and fired 10 rounds. So after all the knee-jerk reactions calm down and you've taken away our rights to have "assault" weapons.....are you then going to start and ban 22 caliber guns and whats next after that, bows and arrows...???They should have saved the taxpayers money and put a 22 right between his eyes!!!! Now we get to pay for this screwed up adult to spend the next 50 years behind bars....great!!!!

Hope he enjoyed that, because the rest of his life is going to really, really suck.

You have to wonder what on earth goes wrong in some people.

He's broken and should have been put to sleep.  Hopefully someone snuffs him in prison.

I wonder why EVERYONE fantasises about this admittedly cold-blooded murderer getting raped in prison. It doesn't do anything but make you look like a creep. Justice is one thing, revenge fantasies about young men getting raped is another.

I am sooo tired of these kids not being tried as adults...they know damn well what they are about to do is wrong and against the law but they choose to do it anyway.

That smirk on his face won't last for too long. The smirk will turn into a pale frown...

wanted attention huh?  why doesnt he just cry and yell out like the rest of us?I sometimes wonder if kids are born evil..... or were they allowed to do anything they wanted when growing up with no guidance whatsoever...

What a shock this young punk has coming to him when he enters hardcore prison and some inmate a thousand times tougher than him turns him out and makes him a prostitute to the other inmates. He'll lay in his bunk at night and cry in silence wishing he were home in his mothers arms.

What a dirtbag without a conscience!

Weird story, as there is no mention to his motive.

wonder if he`ll wear that shirt in prison ? or change it to "fresh-meat"

bring back the death penalty, in all 50 states!!!

as with all of these kids turn subhuman monsters, I ask: "what prescription drugs are they taking and for what ficticious big pharma created acrinim disease and for how long?" this kid should be put down, period, but the corrupt pharmaceutical industry is also guilty of murder in most of these cases.

This guy can not be redemmed in prison or anywhere else.  The death penalty would've been the right sentence for this monster.

He committed this crime with a .22 cal pistol. I'm suprized Reuters did'nt leave that out of the article, and let people assume it was an assault weapon.

We should have special prisons like the old days for unremorseful monsters that are dark, dank, rat-and-roach-infested, without the slightest amenities and no outdoor time, gym, library, or hot food.I believe in possession and I believe that's an example, right there. 3 life sentences is going easy on him if you ask me.  I pray for those families and may God hold them close and give them peace beyond all understanding.

If he thought school was rough, he's in for a rude awakening.

If these animals want to be predators. Take them out into the ocean and let them meet a true predator.

Since he can't be executed,3 consecutive life sentance's in solitary no tv let him have a bible,and nothing else.Oh,and fire the guard's for not grabbing or shooting him when he ripped his shirt off.A pencil or pen could be used as a weapon,and are easily hidden!

So happy they don't have lube in prison....good luck, psycho!

Bet he has remorse after the first month as the new butt banger.

He's gonna be somebody's stick puppet real soon in prison.

Execute him in the parking lot.

That is what Happen ,When Liberals...Took over Parenting !

They are going to enjoy his skinny butt in prison , Enjoy Squealing like a pig on a regular basis . LOSER !What is the matter? The courts can judge a teen as an adult, but not sentenced a teen as an adult? The only way to clean up this mess is to actually clean it up.

Will somebody please tell the media they are called "magazines" and not "clips"?

hello bubba, he likes them young..

Why wasn't he faceplanted by the Bailiff??

Just wait until he figures out the media has lost interest and no one wants to bother to even remember his name other than as a synonym for loser... "Don't be such a T.J. Lame"...

This is your #$%$ before prison"o", this is your #$%$ after "O", tough guy.

he has social redeeming value, somewhere, can anyone point it out

ok so....if this 17 year old can be tried as an adult, what gives with the steubenville teens? they were 17 too? why weren't they tried as adults?

Death, within a year would have been a better sentence!

I think he is going to meet a few parents in prison that won't put up with his attitude very long!I hope he knows how to make a diaper out of that T-shirt! He's going to need it after his rectum starts bleeding!

I believe he should have gotten the death sentence, but the judge chose to give him life without parole, and now the taxpayers will be forced to take care of him the rest of his life. This isn't sending a good message to people that want to do mass killings.

The U.S. (in typical American arrogance and apathy) leads the world in crime, rape, divorce, teen pregnancies, heart attacks, and prison population. Does anybody (least the politicians) care about America's rotting collapse in history?

Wouldn't you people enjoy trying to teach kids like this in the public schools, then be evaluated and PAID based upon their performance on standardize tests that change every year ?

They just gave him free medical, free food, free tv, free AC, free heat, free schooling, etc....yeah no wonder he isn't to concerned....he should be dead already

mommy and daddy must be so pleased with their little over achiever.

He couldn't handle being bullied as a civilian, is he in for a shock. Guess he did not think through the matter that far ahead.

He'll make a nice bride for some guy ..a young cell b!t@h is a trophy

How much will it cost to house him for the rest of his life? The death penalty should exist in every state .... Period. Some people can NEVER be rehabilitated! The hardened lifers will be licking their lips when they get a hold of this young stuff. He'll have no one to protect him then and he'll find out just how tough he ... ISN'T.

What does he really care ?three hot meals aday,A nice clean bed,A partner for life,almost like a planned marriage.discipline was lacking at home in this kids house. Or parental guidance.  A good crack once ina while never hurt us kids when we were growing up.....instilled FEAR YES!!! my parents would warn me twice and then the third time.....here came the hand!!!!!   I lived to tell it all too.

This is the type of individual you take out of court afterward and inject with lead. No prison sentence needed.

Solitary confinement for the rest of his life would be good...

Wasn't an assault weapon.  Wasn't a high-capacity magazine.  Libs' gun control laws, as always, would've done absolutely nothing to prevent this.

This kid's got a few pairs missing from his DNA...  Prison won't be a picnic for him, that's for sure...

psycopath. pure and simple. If it wasn't a plinking caliber hand gun, it would have been a bomb, or a knfe or something else. He should have been executed, not put away for life. No hope for any possible rehabilitation at all.

Why did he kill those kids ? Has he ever given a reason ?

Did he ever give a reason why he killed them ?

He will wish he were a lot tougher in a few days.

funny.... he could spend 70+ years in jail that could cost taxpayers tens of millions of dollars... especially if he gets ill and needs surgery or medical care. Hopefulyl when he is in the yard the guards will look the other way.As a bone-us he gets the prison gay lifestyle to reinvent himself as a pincusion for all the big boys.....

good job yahoo.... pander to the anti gun nuts... and whenever you can bring up Newton in a story...

I live in northeast Ohio. The Steubenville case last week and now this monster are making a pretty normal state look like an asylum. Pray for the victims.

10 rounds from a .22 caliber pistol.  "Ban assault rifles and large capacity magazines," said all the liberals.

giving this DEVIL room and board, 3 meals a day, recreation, libraries and what ever else they supply these demons with is outrageous.   We are boarding and paying for the DEVIL to be well taken care of.   So....when Satan actually shows his face on earth, we shall welcome him with a banquet of the finest food, put him up into a nice hugh penthouse, get him a job as a high paying lawyer who wins all the time....has women at his disposal, gets his way all the time...................OMG..ITS..AL PACINO the Devils Advocate.!!!!!!....

Speaking as a lawyer who has been inside maximum security prisons, there is some merit to the proposition that life without parole is a more severe punishment than death.

And now he adds more heartbreak to families. This is an evil man. Hope he rots in prison and see how smug he will be in a few months.

This story left me with a lot of questions.  Non-the-less I'm happy this kid is in custody.

I wonder if he was taking those anti-depression pills? The same exact pills that were responsible for columbine. The crazy pill.....ssri stories"Fuhry said Lane lacked remorse and examinations showed he had feigned mental illness."

Life in prison is pretty good. Ignoring him from this moment forward is, I suspect, the thing he fears the most.He will soon have a shirt saying #$%$, and panties with a hole in the #$%$, for easy access.

Why is he allowed to live?Why are we so stupid?Taxpayers always bear the brunt of every court or legislative decision.To house and feed this POS for the rest of his life will cost a fortune.So be it; we are stupid.

He will not be safe in prison.

He wants attention,  and the media is all to happy to give him what he wants.

The young man obviously got what he deserved, I just wonder what kind of home life he had that lead him here.

That scrawny little #$%$ is gonna get TAPPED.

either the death penalty or force him to watch The View 24/7

Instead of "killer", it should read "for sale"

..how could he take his shirt off where are the cuffs..

He deserves a public hanging!!!!!!!!Wont be laughing long thats for sure...

His attitude will change, soon enough !!

I'm surprise the lib dem drone media didn't reference Sandy Hook in the article...oh...wait....

Oh this young stupid kid is going to be the prisoners favorite boy toy!!  He may be laughing today but I'm sure he wont think it's so funny when some 300 lb ugly lifer is having his way with this kid. If i was his parent, I would want to kill him personally.

This little #$%$ Y won't have a gun in jail and won't be protected all the time by security. He's going to be someone's B in there for sure.

His first day in general population will wipe that smirk right off his face....It's not very compassionate of me to say, but I hope the pretty boy lives long enough to regret his life choices, before they eat him alive in prison.....

Where's the pic of said white t-shirt with killer written on it? In a few years, when he calms down, he'll realize how bad he screwed up and make nice with another jury with a sob story for a reduced sentence if he can get it.He could be acting that way so they put him in a cell by himself too.

lol maybe "killer " will start killing off the other inmates and save tax dollars...quick punch to the throat and it is over..

I don't know why Newtown had to brought up here.  Two separate issues and events.I suppose it is because it was a school.  Or could it be they are trying to point out that since it was just a pistol and not an assault rifle, less people were killed?  Either way, lives were lost.No matter how many gun laws is put out there, it will not stop people from using them to kill others.

I feel for the victims of Sandy Hook just as much as anyone else, but why does it have to be brought up in EVERY story involving a gun? This guy used a .22 caliber pistol, not a .223 caliber "assault rifle" that was reportedly used in Newtown.Somebody will build some rep by dispensing prison justice to this punk!

Skinny little punk won't last long in the general population!

Send him a skirt and makeup.

Here's hoping the guards keep their backs turned whenever he's in the community shower and ignore the blood curdling screams he'll be wailing as they pass him around like a mad dog's chew toy.

The liberal media never misses a beat. This psycho used a 22 pistol, but the article just had to mention assault rifles...

They just have to add in Sandy Hook into every story about guns and killing don't they? Keep the spin machine running to help the liberals in their gun grab. It won't work. Too many people are standing against the liberal agenda

Hopefully he will be "tuned up" soon enough in the slammer.

at least he didn't want to continue and be an anonymous serial killer

Don't fret folks, he'll have a NEW attitude (and roommate) by tomorrow morning, and it won't include that smirk.

Total #$%$.And a gun ban or more gun laws will stop this sort of evil person? The only think more evil than this jerk are the politicians trying to make hay from and evil person by convincing the low information voters that he would not have been able to kill and maim if only there had been stricter gun laws.

Where there is no death sentence, the idea of "life without parole" does not make any sense.

Liberal STUPIDITY.They can't execute murderers and rapists... it is "inhumane".And they wonder why criminals aren't afraid of the justice system.

Good start Ohio...but as death sentence would have been better.

For them to leave him alone, all he has to do is kill the first person who messes with him. That, or a guard.

Fresh meat for Bubba!

Look at those sweet tender lips, that milky white skin, that firm yet supple young body. He's going to learn to love the new meaning of Daddy some muscle ripped 275 pound gorilla has waiting for him. Lets hope they start him off in GP general population. Soon, he'll be able to lean his head back and open his mouth to the sky, and without any clothes there will be a bright spot in the middle of his shadow below him on the concrete. Every cell block will have had a ride. Enjoy the rest of your life junior.

Did he ever give a motive for the attack? I dont recall much about this case..

He also told the families in the courtroom "this hand that pulled the trigger on your kids now masturbates to the memory".  But yahoo didn't feel like adding that I guess.Anyway this kid is in for some serious rapey time

Here is a young lad who needs some more head learning at the end of a police baton.He's pled guilty to multiple counts of murder, why is he going to prison for life at a cost of over $30,000 a year? Take care of him with a single $1 bullet and save the decent, honest, tax paying citizens a ton of money.

Have fun getting your bum hole killed, killer.

wonder how long it takes before he becomes a butt buddy to a guy named bubba and then trades him for a pack of ciggarettes to a guy named antwon

22 Caliber weapon? No AR15 ? Hope he is familiar with washing underwear and socks cause his daddy will make him do it in there everyday. He will use kool aid for lipstick and his little but hole will bleed and he will scream. Good riddence..

I knew Newtown would be mentioned! Yahoo you make it to easy!

It is scary to think there are people among us capable of such callous nature.

todays prison. This kid is going on vacation. He will have a steady date, WiFi. be warm, free health care,

Wow.  If anyone needs off the streets and away from civilization it's this kid.

we'll see how tough and brave he is when Tashaun, noshawn, keshawn and all the other brothers line up to ram their manhood up his rectum, over and over and over again.

He looks like a slightly older version of 'Sid' from "Toy Story", the film - you know, the neighbor kid that blew up his toys?this human garbage should have had the shirt torn off him He should not be geting life in prison the death penalty is even too good for him Burry him alive and let the insects eat him as he suffocates

HE is the LIVING REASON...WE NEED THE............ ELECTRIC CHAIR.  #$%$ like him need to be fried.

With his attitude don't worry we will be hearing about his death in prison soon enough.

Now how did he get weapons being under age? Shows you laws don't make a difference to criminals. Reuters need some serious remedial class in journalism.

Does every article on Yahoo mention Sandy Hook? They find a way to get it in wherever they can.

Trading in "Killer" for "Prison #$%$".

No one seems to get it. He is angry and taking revenge on bullys.Thats why he went after other males in his age group.The only problem is he got caught.As for the  Newtown, Connecticut lie they want you all to believe, thats all it is.No proof. Yet you all believe in fairy tales. Re-look at the lack of proof, cover-up,false reports, goofy medical examiner and actor, abusive lieing cops, no body's andno school video. What else is missing.. Do the research and don't let them get away it.

This guy sounds like he attended the Stupidville high school as well as the rapists.

The bleeding-heart, bed-wetting politicians; what happened to the death penalty?Wonder what the perp would say, if he had to face the rope?While in prison, the perp will receive medical care; while his victims pay for their own.Wonder what he would say, if he was sentenced to have his feet cut off, with a machete?

Oh my! They are gonna love that young stuff in the prison showers! Bend over, boy!I feel that execution would be more fitting punishment. These people plan their crimes so they need to pay the price with their own life.

Maybe he'll choke on the big one soon enough

Don't blame the guns. Blame the parents.

Makes you wonder whats wrong with having a death penalty.   Some people just need to GO

This clown will be begging for the death sentence in about six months!

No mention of motive or even lack thereof, great reporting, not.

His next t-shirt will say "Prison #$%$"

They should have burned it into his forhead when they sentenced him.

I hope somebody shanks his #$%$ #$%$ss in the shower.

Have a good "life" kid...I have worked with prisoners and even they have a code of ethics amongst themselves. He is NOT going to be smiling for very long.

Let's see now.  Of the various anti-2nd Amendment laws being proposed or passed which ones would have done anything to stop this.  Assault weapons ban - nope.  Expanded background checks - nope.  Limiting magazine sizes to 7 or 10 rounds - nope.Now what laws are already in place that apply here.  Can't own a handgun under 18 - yep.  Not allowed to bring a firearm onto school property - yep.  Not allowed to fire a weapon inside city limits - yep.  Not allowed to shoot people except in self defense - yep.Now explain to me how a bunch of new laws will prevent this or ANY other similar incident in the future when the current laws which are already poorly enforced don't.  Laws are only as good as the enforcement and application they receive.

He was charged as an adult, but because he was 17 at the time of the rampage he was ineligible for the death penalty.Ok, hes 18 now...Do whats needed in this country..I for one, dont want to have to keep this #$%$ up for the rest of his life..Not only did he take the lives of several people...He ruined twice that many by grief and torment...Now those people will have to live with hatred and grief for the rest of their lives as well...Im tired of judges pampering violent criminals, while the rights of citizens are taken away...

Rot in HELL punk!

He thinks hes a celeb now, wait until he gets to prision, He's going to find his attitude getting checked very quickly!

Smart a%$ wearing that shirt.  OK though.  He's had his moment of fame....now he can rot away in prison.  He's about to be set straight............big time!!!

BUBBA'S VICTIM

HE'S GONNA BE BUBBA'S NEXT VICTEM

Lets see if he has the courage to flip off Bubba after he gets bent over.

I really like the 3 life sentences.  He will never go on a picnic by the river, never eat a good steak with friends, never have a cold beer and watch football, never enjoy a fire in the fireplace, thanksgiving, just a prison full of filthy convicts waiting their turn. Enjoy #$%$!The big boys on the block in prision will sure love a piece of fresh meat!

Should have gotten DEATH!

The legal systems didn't take care of him but the people he's about to meet will.

Smart kid...

a society that is too timid to execute people like this. no longer deserves to exist , good bye america

Odd, I don't even remember hearing about this shooting.  I guess that's because he used a .22 handgun and not an AR-15, so the media wasn't able to use it to push for another "looks like assault weapons" ban.At any rate, off with his head!

A .22 caliber pistol?  And I thought only people armed with 'assault rifles' commit mass murder.

He should get life x3 at least, no slack why was it important to add Newtown to this story I think the media has played it out

... AND TAXPAYERS get screwed a second time...

He's a textbook psychopath. Too bad taxpayers will be stuck with him forever.Isn't it strange that this lunatic used a .22 pistol, yet the media finds a way to insert "assault weapon" in the article?  Of course, they don't have an agenda...

I was in the US Air Force when I was 17. My drill instructor thought I was responsible for my actions, guess I better sue him.

He used a .22 pistol and fired 10 rounds, Tell me again why they're trying to ban Assault rifles and high capacity magazines ?

He gave himself a death sentence with his attitude towards the parents, now he has to live with some proud parents that are serving time!

He doesn't have a friend in the world and now he is going to die in prison!

My brother is a correctional officer and there is a term fight or flight that is rewritten in prison as there is no where to go!

I really want to forgive him, but my mind keeps seeing him getting stabbed seventy times seven times in prison!

Poster child for why we need the death penalty!

ALL of the rampage killings have been perpetrated by mentally ill people who are addicted to 1st shooter games.  That's not a judgement or an opinion.  That'a just a fact.  I'm sure these games are perfectly fine for normal people. But for some, the players become callused killers in the world of computer simulation and it bridges into the real world.

He will end up somebody's girlfriend real soon. LOLShackles and a muzzle would be appropriate for this punk killer for any future court appearances.

His story is done, he's made his bed and now gets to lay on it. Probably with some new butt buddies.

The more I hear about this unspeakably filthy p.o.s., the more I want him to die a slow and painful death. Calling Hannibal Lecter!!

Can't wait for this tough guy to get to prison.They will eat him up.

If your a born killer become a hitman and take out bad people, leave the innocents alone! Otherwise just kill yourself before you hurt anyone!

Well now, here is a great excuse for abortion!

And now we as tax payers have to foot the bill to keep this living dog turd alive! #$%$ liberals, he deserves to die!

Typical Left wing boy raised by progressive values.

He will be the new fresh beech for all the Big Boys in prison, just waiting for him in the showers

Another reminder that while there really are some very sick people in the world,e.g., "Son of Sam" Berkowitz received orders to kill from a 6,000 year-old man speaking through his neighbor's dog, there are ALSO some very evil people in the world, and this one is the latter.The anti-gun ninnies blame the gun, of course, not the evil loon pulling the trigger.

He's planning to kill himself before real cons lay the pipe in his chute. Otherwise he wouldn't be so smug.

Put him in OJ's cell..he only scews whites

He's just having fun with the whole thing ..young and tender he should make a sweet cell b()t'ch

That skinny punk should just be taken out and shot. But no, all taxpayers have to help support him for life in prison now. Let the bleeding hearts of America support him solely with THEIR tax dollars.

And now the Ohio tax payers pay for his food, necessities and his cable TV bill.

Apparently, he liked his stay in jail and looks forward to spending the rest of his life in prison --- which is exactly where he belongs.

Given his lack of remorse and the utter disrespect he has shown to the victim's families it's a shame he will be adding to the problems of a crowded prison system instead of being given his own little home............... six feet under ground, where he could never hurt anyone again.

libera;lism--reward for bad behaviour. Most people would consider prison the least likely place that they would like to spend their lives but when prison becomes better than their own neighborhoods then prison looks good. This kid will get a cult following-end up getting married and fathering children thanks to the liberal mentality that these kind of monsters deserve rights.

He'll be out in less than 15 years.  Liberal courts, liberal lawyers, liberal politicians, liberal laws.  If God were real I'd pray for this kid to die of massive internal bleeding after his insides were torn apart from gang rape and foreign objects"...firing 10 rounds from a .22-caliber pistol."  So glad he didn't have an 'assault weapon' Senator Feinstein would have demanded that the state of Ohio ban all weapons!

He is getting ready to find out who his daddy is...

Thanks for the Sandy Hook reminder as well as reminding us of the new feel-good laws this administration is tripping over themselves to try and pass, all while we move at a snails pace to get a budget and spending controls produced. Brilliant leadership!

So, this kid used a .22 pistol (99% of .22 pistols use only 10 round mags).  They even say he fired only 10 rounds.  So no one can argue that Obama's proposed ban and mag limits would have prevented this from happening.  Does no one understand what is going on yet.  The guns dont matter.  The background checks dont matter.  The mag limits dont matter.  The only thing consistent is mental illness.  Guns have been around since the start of this country.  These types of shootings have only existed for 30 years.  If you truly want to solve a problem you have to start at the source.  In this case its the person.

Someone who should have nee "Scared Straight" at a young age but wasn't.  Now he thinks he's "bad".  He'll be scared straight, in prison.

Most don't remember this tragedy. Reason being is because it happend at the same time the Travis Martin ordeal. Obama moved the media interest to that to create racism issues and divide the country preparing for votes.

should have a death sentence in ohio, by the way what's up with kids in ohio lately???????

He should have turned the gun on himself.   A few years in prison with REAL KILLERS.... he will wish he was dead!

We are way too accommodating in our court rooms.

I think that when this kid, no Adult, he's 18 now, gets into prison he will have a lot of time to think about his actions at the end of his trial. He'll be a "killer" in prison all right. He'll be the "killer" fresh meat with the pretty, young and slender body.Why do they, the media, have to follow every story with a paragraph about Sandy Hook? Do these knuckleheads in the media think that people will be so quick to forget such a massacre of innocents and their teachers?

Rise up against these low life losers.  There are more of us than them.   It is a spirirtual war, fight like it.

That little boy has a hard lesson to learn - unfortunately he will probably be even more hardened once he finds out there is no audience any longer - just those like himself and oh my it won't be nice

Why life in jail and pay all that money for life ?, put a gun to his head pull the trigger and save tax payers money, why keep this peace of shet around.

Life,thats a long time for someone as young as you are.ky jelly might help enjoy.

Hope he goes in the general population instead of isolation. That way, he will meet his "butt buddy."

I like yahoo every time their is something with a gun they always mention the sandy hook massacre.I think we have a little brainwashing of the sheep by the paid for media.I like reading yahoo because it is funny to read your articles because you are so full of #$%$

What a jerk....very disrespectful to the families of the victims.

You how stop this execute them ore make the family members pay keep this killer locked up

The POS should be exicuted within 30 days"firing 10 rounds from a 22 caliber pistol".....He used the smallest and weakest firearm available with a low capacity magazine and still accomplished the carnage and tragedy he attempted. More proof that these new proposed gun control laws are 1) Irrelevant to the issue at hand - massacres and 2) A blatant attempt of the radical left to exploit tragedy to advance their anti second amendment agenda.

But the penalty for doing what he did is just.

Lane's cocky, defiant attitude won't last long in prison. An 18-year old among the hard, ugly brutality is going to viewed as "fresh meat" and this tragically misguided young man is going to learn some hard lessons really quick!

Military style, assault, high capacity, made for war, powerful, evil, insideous and menacing!! Oh nevermind....it was a 22cal pistol......my bad.

Was there friction, fighting, or anything going on in school that would make this guy think he should get "even"?     Why would a human being shoot fellow students without agrivating circumstance?    It makes no sense.    This applies to the Colorado shootings also.  Something has gone wrong with their brain.

he really thinks he is one tough cookie, wait until big bubba gets ahold of him..he will be cowering in a corner whinning and crying like a baby..and that is just fine..

Big attitude, small body. He will be the woman to many Bubbas in prison.

What a stupid little freak ...

Another young life wasted and a future that will never be realized...So sad that people let their anger destroy so many lives ...

... Why would the courts let him remove his shirt like that? wouldnt that give them a reason to slap him down before he could explose that hateful message? could of been reaching for some hiddin weapon, why wasnt he shackled and gaged after even looking like he would laugh or say any smart remark?   Its almost like they wanted him to pull these stunts!he'll be a coward and take the easy way out and kill himself after the first rape......

I got a call from school yesterday to pick up my sick grandson, it made me face just how easy it is to just walk into most school and go to the office and see all the halls to classrooms. Scary!

Death is too gentle a punishment for this explitive.

He'll be someone's "Doris" in prison in no time.  File that under "unintended consequences."

Now it will cost you guys 50,000 a yr. to babysit this imbalanced species of #$%$ sapien.

Well... bye.

Yeah, he's tough now. Check back after certain parts of his body have been tenderized by some of his fellow jail mates, if you get my meaning, and let's see how macho he is then.

Why is the media obsessed with murderers showing remorse? What difference does it make if they do? Who cares if he shows remorse? Those kids are dead and their parents will never be the same. His saying he's sorry will not bring them back. I hope he dies a horribly painful and long death.

What a loser. He acts like he's all bad #$%$ and tough now, but then when his big black #$%$ cellmate gets his hooks into Lane, he'll be crying out, in pain.

As long as he has an audience, it feed  his sick ego. Put him in solitary confinement for twenty years, let him live with himself, Then put him in with the rest of the killers that have life with no parole.The little punk won't know what an 'Obscene Gesture' is until he meets his new cellmate. They should have shown him a few episodes of "Oz" before sentencing.

The bailiff should have knocked him on his #$%$! And then let the family members have a turn at him!

I would rather pay for one bullet, than for one meal for this piece of garbage.  But, justice isn't what it used to be in America.  So we can just hope he becomes a "toy" for the other prisoners, and dies horribly in some other way.

I hope he gets brutalized in the pen and is made to be a beeatcchh, getting brutally gang raped on a nightly basis.

He is in for pure hell with his stature and size he will be someone's play toy.  He is too stupid to realize what he is in for.  His family should write him off.  I would never visit him if he were my kid.  He would be dead to me.

And now its 3 hots and a cot. For life. Too bad it wasn't Texas. He deserves the death penalty for his crime and attitude. Take the garbage out.

Ohio teen makes obscene gesture, gets life for shooting rampage..Yeah, a simple I.V. drip would take care of this drip..

All this talk about "understanding right and wrong" is just silly...  What if the person understands the concepts of right and wrong, but is convinced that what he did wasn't wrong at all.  I'm not even talking "justified", I mean convinced that killing other people isn't a bad thing...

The judge, the little monster's attorney, and the prosecuting attorney should have insisted that shirt be covered or removed.

Three life sentences?  Not enough, give him four.let's just execute people..

You got a pretty mouth little boy.Welcome to prison life Fish

Something DROVE this CRAZY to do this...what was it?

His parents must be mortified.  This is how to behave if you want the book thrown at you, and I do believe he got it.

Why isn't the guy in shackles?

They're not "clips"  They're magazines.  You gun control nuts are so clueless you can't even get the terminology correct.

Wow, leave it to yahoo, they HAD to end the article with a political issue... (which shouldn't even be discussed because it violates the 2nd)

Why did they allow him to wear that T-Shirt?

does this idiot even realize his life is wasted?

How refreshing that the mother spoke what we all think-I can not imagine what would make a victim say "I forgive you but not the crime."He'll be somebody's tender little chicken in the big house.

justice has been served, but as a father, after he showed out in court i would seriously consider getting thrown in jail just to get my hands on this punk. i guarantee you when he gets to his new home there will be alot of people who heard about him self proclaiming himself as a killer. He was a coward. He will meet some real killers soon.

Don't worry. He'll have a totally NEW attitude by tomorrow morning.

What does the Newtown tragedy have to do with this story? Did this reporter run out of words and have to resort to that?

he will see how smart he is when he goes to state prison.

Devil inside, devil inside.......

You want to stop these attacks, quit showing horror which is what these psychopaths want. Instead, ridicule them. He should be made to parade around in pink panties with the word coward written in bright red. Put him on TV with people laughing at him and then hang him while he soils his panties.

Is there a fate worse than death? Yes. Life without parole. Mark my words, this little punk will be everyone's "b1tch" in the joint. He thinks he's a tough guy. He'll die a broken old man, if he doesn't get shived first.

Ohio is running a close second place for Most Violent, just after Illinois.

He's going to have a lot of "Friends" in prisonSo rooters gloifies his behaviour Now you can expect more of this

A Poster Boy for our Liberal/ Progressive weenies !   This punk will consume $70,000.00 a year while he is alive -   Barry just might pardon him and then  -?

Oh my, does this kid have a future or what?  He will be "un-punked" in about one day.

He sure has a perty mouth

this is really sad, in every way. this kid was 17, how could his life go so wrong so fast to do this. he will pay for the rest of his life, i feel it will be a short life in prison, he will be no hero and with his smart mouth, it won't take long till he is dead.

You notice they never talk about where the gun came from!  Obviously he was too young to purchase a gun legally -- so he either bought it illegally on the street or it belonged to a family member who left it laying around the house.  But you notice they never go after the owner of the gun in cases like this!  The owners of the gun (unless it was reported stolen) should be just as responsible for those murders as this young man!

If only Ohio had the tough anti-gun laws that Colorado just passed none of this would have happened.  Oh wait, I'm wrong, none of the silly, liberal, feel good laws Colorado just passed would have stopped this shooting, or any other shooting.

Life in prison for these kind of people should bring a much needed meaning to the word punishment. No thrills. Nothing but hard labor. They have no rights. They gave those up when they took others right to live.

I hear Big Larry is waiting for his new wife.

You want to know what is wrong with our system. This is what is wrong. This teen should be hanged for what he did. Is he remorseful hell no. This fool could care less. So should we as taxpayers care if he hangs or we pay for the rest of his miserable life. The only hope I have is that he meets up with the toughest inmate in prison.I would find the worst prison in this country and throw his #$%$ in with the hardcore criminals.  After about a week, he would be wear a T-shirt with "help me" on it.

What???? Not an assault rifle.... How could he???

That's one d!rtbag that should be put to sleep instead of making us pay to keep him alive the rest of his life!

Death penalty be better. But to ban guns. Its people like him that will always get them n people like us who won't be able to protect our home n our own

I am 72 years old and I am glad you young people are building the kind of country that liberalism promises and just takes you down the ratholes. We had a good country until the liberals destroyed it. Now you get to pay the price for your stupidity of electing democrats. Enjoy the slide into the liberal cesspools that democrats are taking you.

put him down, save the tax money and the headaches of taking care of that waste of a social security number

Someone give me a good reason for not sentenecing him to die...not punishment but elimination of a unwanted and unneeded person

Perfect case for capital punishment! Instead, we will use tax dollars we do not have to house and feed this demon for the rest of his miserable life!

I suppose liberals blame this kids gun as being the problem.

Life without parole is a sentence on society since we have to support that jerk for the rest of his life.  Put him to death.This guy is proof that there should be some exceptions to the rule of no cruel &amp; unusual punishment.

What a little punk S.O.B..

I sure hope he finds a nice boyfriend or even better several.

I live in a town near Chardon and this tragedy barely made national news and was certainly never spoken about by Obama. The reason ? Because it took place right around the Traves Martin tragedy. Martin was black. Obama refered to Martin as a person that could have been his son and that was it. The media took off. Obama being the racist that he is and running this country is a tragic as both this incident ant the Martin incident.

Some people are  just born evil....and you wonder WHY they were even born at all.

And this is the kind of person the liberals don't want to have executed but continue to be a drain on society living the rest of his life in prison.  He's never going to amount to anything decent so just think of it as a late, late, late term abortion.

I bet all them old cons in prison will be real impressed with this skinny kid and his "killer" t-shirt!

In three months none of us will remember this punk.  He'll be getting his (o) packed for the next 70 years.  In a cage. Ha ha ha.

Hey tough man!!!! I am sure the animals in prison are JUST WAITING to show you how much of a bad A $ $ you really aren't....have fun in prison, you had your 2 minutes of glory.

Why was that last paragraph in the story?Bullet....bang....dead.....good bye.

Wow I would really like to know what happened to that kid that he turned out that way. That is too weird.

set him on a dumpster and put a 12 cent 22cal in his temple and a truck will come get him sometime !!!!

They really need to bring back public hangings.

Unbelievable. Clearly he's right up there with Manson when it comes to attitude towards human life. What a shame. I feel sorry for his family. Clearly he's going to where he needs to be. Maybe time and maturity will one day show him one day that all this was wrong.

Why wasn't this dirtball in shackles and wearing an orange jumpsuit?

It's too bad that they can't just put him away like the students whose lives he ended, and that our tax dollars will have to go to support his sorry #$%$ now.  I just hope that some of the bigger guys in that prison give him the Jerry Sandusky treatment until he can't take it any more!!!

Purchase of a .22 pistol - $199Attorney fees - $10,000Three life terms plus 37 years cost to Taxpayers -$2,568,654.13Finding out he's Bubba's love interest in cell block #6 - Priceless!

another white guy killing kids at schools.why do white kids want to kill each other at school.

Only goes to show even a small caliber can cause damage.Just another child idiot; X-Box generation-style.Make no mistake, I blame the parents...just like the foolish Sandy Hook incident.Only goes to show even a small caliber can cause damage.Just another child idiot; X-Box generation-style.Make no mistake, I blame the parents...just like the foolish Sandy Hook incident.

I think what he meant was what they were going to do to his #$%$ when he gets to prision.

he will be crying like a baby when they put him in general population. then we'll see how "bad" he really is.

He is going to spend a long time, but not necessarily his lifetime, in a luxury Ohio prison with 3 hots, a cot, and all the sex and drugs any little dirt bag could want. Prison is not punishment for someone like this.

Some things will never be the same again.... like his #$%$.

The media is what is supporting the mass shootings. If they wouldn't glorify the incident, they wouldn't happen so frequently. Plus, if parents were actually spending time with their kids, and teaching them properly, these incidents wouldn't happen at all. Shame on the parents for neglecting their children.

Is it possible for a story to be written without including Newtown or Gifford. I can see it now, New York parade was great but the Newtown kids or Gifford we're not in the crowd. It's about time to move on.

Oh my. I just heard whaat that punk said  WOW C'mon 'rooter' share with the nation how that punk said he now jacks off with the hand that pulled the trigger

I hope they find him a very special roommate in prison.

He will get some unwanted obscene personal messages in prison. He deserves what he gets.I hope he speaks to his fellow inmates like that. They'll show him the respect he deserves - not much.

The little turd needs to catch a bullet with his head

Anymore of you anti gun geniuses still think that an inanimate object killed those people.  He is nuts and the solution lies in diagnoses and treatment of the mentally ill.  A person like this would never have followed any gun law.....he went to the school because he knew they were defenseless.

Pretty much looks like a true sociopath...no conscience at all.

with the amount of rage he has exhibited throughout . . . you mean to say no one picked up On a problem with him beforehand?

Bend over TJ, you'll be spending the rest of your life in that position -- LOL, and you deserve it. I hope you like it rough -- LOL.  Rip u a new one.....

I don't understand why the writer finds it necissary to mention other school shootings. Just seems gratuitous to me.

I guess I could never be a judge....as soon as I saw his T-shirt with "killer" scribbled across the front.....I would have made the bailiff take him Straight to the Gas chamber.......He wants to go out like the joker.....help him out.

Looks like they copied and pasted the same blah blah blah at newtown.......Every article about guns they paste that in.

He is 3 sandwiches ..shy of a picnicHe's someone's child.   And someone elses child will commit the next act of violence.  Are you sure you should be concerned about my assault weapon?

Oh he's a tough one alright. He'll get plenty of time to flip-off other things in prison. He'll probably learn how to toss salad on his first day. Of course he deserves nothing short of a hangmans noose for his crimes. There is more.

I hope the kid likes dickintheass cause that is what he's in store for.

This one slipped by the radar. Well not exactly.

Now we all have to pay for his care for the rest of his life. That's cruel. We should have to pay for a monster's care. The one thing Muslim countries do right is kill people like this after they are convicted. We need to be more like them in this one way.

I'll never understand why someone would destroy their own lives like this.

This Nation would never be with gun control in place.

Tough guy. He's going to become some real bad guy's #$%$

What happened to this young man? Why is he like this? How can he show no remorse? i wonder what makes a person like this? I don't buy the excuse of video games, I know many kiddos who play these and are just fine. I don't buy the excuse of availability of guns, because if they were harder to get, those who want them would get them through the black market. And a gun doesn't pull it's own trigger. Where are his parents, what was his home life like. I think many who do these things have the answers to why they did,  right in their own homes.

Life in a PMITA prison. How fitting!It all starts in the home, teach your kids right way or someone will come along and teach them the wrong way. The warning signs are always there, if parents paid better attention to their kids' lives instead of choosing to be wrapped up in their own pathetic life they would see the warning sings and do something about them and then we wouldn't be hearing about all of these shootings duh!

of course they have to throw in sandy hook every chance they get. someone farted, sandy hook, man proposes to a woman, sandy hook. freagin media milks anything they can to fit their agenda.

Did he add a few years for contempt?

I wonder if "Killer" knows he will be tossing grown men's salads for the rest of his life? FRESH MEAT GUYS!!!!!

I am agreed to many on here this this guy can't be fixed...I just wonder how he got broken in the first place.??

People like this make it hard to follow the teachings of Christ.

Boy that sure is a purdy mouth. (Big grin).

Way to throw your life away idiot.

it may just be me but i have this feeling hes going to get bent over in prison

They will make him think killer after they bend him over a couple of times,might even buy him a pair of Pink PantiesHere is a piece of human waste that certainly deserves to be thrown into an alligator pit!!!

Again we see that it is Evil that kills not guns.  However if someone at the school had been armed maybe just one person would have died and we would not be out the money for a trial or to house him in prison for the rest of his life.

This little pr  i  ck is about to find out about what a KILLER QUEEN is very soon.  Enjoy life in he ((!

Hes going to be alot of guys girlfriend.

That's okay....life will serve as a much better teacher where he's going than any college he might have attended.  THIS is why we have prisons.  He's in for a huge learning curve.

I wonder how long his smug attitude will last when he becomes a little "man" in the big house?

We shall see how tough this kid is when he takes his first shower in prison...

He looked like a nervous, scared little sissy.  He's about to find out what actual bad men look like.

look forward to that first prison shower!   hehehe1

If you are going go out..... go out the way you want to be remembered. Remember John Wayne Gacy's last words...........kiss my a*s.Such a nice boy!

Just have to say I hoipe this PUNK gets a huge, sexual predator for a cell mate. Someone who really is off his rocker, then we will see how tough little TJ is. Not so tough when your someone elses jerky vacuum.

....an obscene gesture?.....well the nerve of him!

Kim Palmer doesn't need to remind us about Newtown , We haven't forgotten about them! Just goes to show us what her liberal agenda is!

So the taxpayers will be supporting him for the rest of his life in prison.The student he paralized will probably get no help from the government for his medical needs.

Seems like there are nothing but rapists and murderers in Ohio.

I hope he is housed with someone who will eliminate his being.

should have cried like a baby like those young guys that raped that girl-you might have gotten a year too

One simply cannot show remorse if he meant to do it. I'm so sorry if anyone in that courtroom expected him to. I hope jail life is a rough and tortuous one for him.

What a waste of $$$$$$ and not just for his parents. But he is pretty, I'm sure he'll have NOproblem finding a HUSBAND or 2,3,4,etc, where he's goingSEE YA..........put him under the prison.

Life is too good for this #$%$ throw him the street for an immediate public execution save tax payers the money.

He'll be released by the time he is 30 no such thing as no parole.............

So instead of him getting the death penalty, the tax payers will support him for the next 60 years while he rots to death in jail.

kill him now !

So Ohio taxpayers has to pay for his food and necessities for 60 - 70 years. Bread, water and 1 multi-vitamin a day to save money please.

Good and evilwhen things like these happen you know forces are at work that this fellow has no control over. In your right mind and faculty you would express remorse. He needs to be reform and life will be better. I hope the family knows he is in need of divine intervention.

I can hear him now when he gets to where he is going, holy jit what did I do?

Not an AR-15 IN SIGHT

Maybe that idiot get a Jeffrey Dahmer while he's locked up. He's in for a rude awakening once he hits the big house. A newbie going in with an attitude like that ? Inmates will be lining up to have a chance to pummel him.Did he ever tell anyone why he killed them ?

that kid is totally screwed up.

The parent's must be proud.  I really do not think jail for life is good enough for TJ Lane, we need to put him on one of the island in Kwajalein Islands in the Pacific and make him fetch for himself.

He'll make a fine girlfriend in prison.  Hopefully AIDS takes him slow.

Hahaha... He thinks he's tough... wait till he becomes some guys #$%$ the very first night in the joint... he will pray for his own death after a broom handle penetrates him... Punks like this do not last unless they become someones little piece of F meat....

He did all that damage with a 10 round 22 hand gun....so tell me again what guns should we ban again....its not about the guns!

" he had feigned mental illness", &amp; " Lane instead long planned, prepared for, and then executed the attack, he said.", &amp; "10 rounds from a .22-caliber pistol" so how would these new gun laws have prevented this?

why don't they find out what caused this behavior then maybe these killings would end.

He now gets a full expenses paid life in Prison... three hot meals a day, clean cell and bed, a job that pays him $3.00 a day for commisary items available... TV, radio in his cell, movie night, and weights and yard privileges... Health insurance, free glasses, dentist... the works... It will cost the tax payer more than $40,000.00 a year to keep him in your zoo.

You just keep using Sandy Hook in every story. Did you think maybesome people get tired of this?Moral of the story:  Don't pick on the that dorky little wierd dude, he may just show up and kill you.

Adam Lanza has issued in the dawn of a new type of sociopath with disciples.

He can be pen pals with Charlie Manson now. Neither will ever be free and both are Bat Shitz Crazy.

All these school killers look the same.  Pimply faced, wormy lookin' geeks, (most likely no father) either.

This dude is insane.

Apparently, he didn't know how to spell dumb #$%$.

How did he get past security with non-court attire on?

It seems to me that the next 50-60 years locked up might be a better punishment this stupid POS than a swift death via execution. Provided he never sees the light of day again, which might be iffy, givern the absurd reasons offered for appeals these days.

LIBERALS RULE.

He'll soon be running around his cell yelling "I AM CORNHOLIO!!!!!!!"They have taken care of him up till now and nothing bad has happened to him. That will change when he enters the real prison system

Why are we feeding and housing this useless piece of garbage?  Off with his head and be done with it.  We'll see how tough he is in the big house.

A real tough guy, huh? Hey boys, look at the fish....

I can only imagine what the parents must be feeling at this time. I hope they can get on with their life now, that the killer will stay in prison for the rest of his life. I wonder what the parents of the killer must feel about their son and the victims he killed, must be hard for  them. My heart goes out to all the families may they all fine peace in their life.

He's the poster boy for Death Row which is where he belongs!

Let him get into general population, with what he's done and his attitude about it, it won't be long before prison justice serves him the death sentence that the courts couldn't.

Vast majority of these #$%$ live the life of gamers. The dumbest generation.

The judge should have been slapped for allowing this behavior in the courtroom. At the first glimpse of his shirt, he should have been removed, the shirt removed and then he returned to the courtroom. I've read all the stories about this boy and his hard life; his hard life gives him no excuse to kill or hurt others. Glad he will never be eligible for parole.

kids a waste of life

If Obama had a son....shows over folks,move on....

Middle fingers don't make obscene gestures. People with middle fingers do.

Wonder if at age 38, he will still think HIS SHI* DON'T THINK and be as CUTE AND PRECIOUS as he considers himself now, SITTING HIS SORE REAR IN A PRISON CELL????

As soon as he unbuttoned his shirt they should have escorted him out.

I'm not going to repay this kid by giving him what he clearly wanted, an angry reaction.  By all accounts he is just an idiot, just like any number of idiots out there.  If he were so smart, he wouldn't have thrown his life away on some stupid adventure for revenge(?)  noteriety(?)  Really, who cares why he did it?  By resorting to such actions, he has clearly shown a lack of intellect, decency, or common sense, and is a pathetic individual to be pitied, not a hardcore "killer" to be feared.I feel the most sympathy in the world for the people who were shot and their families, friends, and community who will never be the same, but I'm not going to stoop to this little slimeball's level.  He can rot in state prison for the rest of his life and reflect back when he gets old in a cage on how his 17-year-old life wasn't really all that bad, bullies or whatever notwithstanding, and how he threw it all away with a stupid choice.  Pathetic little vermin.

Why does the justice system insist on victim impact statements in a case where life/death sentence is immenent?  This guy thorougly enjoyed having the families relive every moment through the trial and now he gets another chance to torment them for no reason.  What they should do is let his peers publicly roast him, tell the whole world what an akward virgin this kid was, and then let him sit in prison forever so he can realize that is the only thing people remember about him now.

The guy got what he deserved no doubt. As far as the Killer across the shirt and the obscene gesture, he knew he was in it so deep that he would never get out. With nothing more to lose he most likely wanted to just flip the system off one last time.

They don't either the Law or how the human body works in our public schools, that might give them respect for it. They don't even tell them murder is illegal. Their only examples are TV and movies.

That is how you end gun violence, one at a time, life without parole, (or execution).

only 18 so we literally have his entire adult lifetime to pay for while he enjoys college, 3 square meals, air conditioning/heating, etc. etc.  What a way to make someone pay for their heinous crime of murder as everyone else spends their tax dollar to keep this waste of breathing space alive.  So much for making the punishment fit the crime to detour others from taking that same path. UGH!Just think, WE THE PEOPLE will spend roughly $50,000 per year for the next 50 - 60 years to care for this upstanding young man.  Our tax dollars will pay for his cell, every meal he will eat from this point forward and all of his medical expenses should any illness or injury befall him.  We will pay more tax dollars so that he can receive an education if he so chooses.  Heck, we'll even pay for a guard to stand outside while he has conjugal visits.  And most likely we will pay for future trials when other prisoners decide to take matters into their hands.  Think of the assault cases, attempted murder cases, etc that we will see in the future because someone will want to show him the true meaning of the word killer.  And a few years from now I'm sure we will have to have a retrial and release him back onto society because we will find the detective who arrested him had a history of violence, the judge took painkillers during the trial, a potential jury member was excused from the panel because of race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, when he was read his rights one of the words wasn't pronounced exactly right.  Someway, somehow we will see this case revisited and the discussion will be how he needs to be released because of something that happened to him.My vote is we buy a bullet and save ourselves the cost and aggravation.

His name is "Killer" now, in prision his name will be "Sweet Cheeks"!

Why ought the taxpayers to pay to feed, clothe and house this young man who knows no decency or boundaries?This what a .38 cent bullet will cure in about 1 minute. Or a rope and a chair. I am so sick of hearing about our Justice System allowing these sick-o's breathing another milisecond of oxygen.They need to dig their own graves, and be put in those graves immediately after sentencing. To heck with putting them in prison to be fed, clothed and so on.

Now he's going to find out what it's like to be a girlfriend.

Too bad this crime didn't happen in Texas.  This turd would have met his maker by now.

In this case the multiple life sentences are actually better than the death penalty. He is going to suffer for many, many years rather than face a quick ending.  Good.

He was smarty kid who was going to graduaty early. Did he give a reason for the attack? The kids seems insane to me.

Can't wait for the smack-down that awaits this "tough guy" in prison. He'll be crying like a little girl after a week. Prick.

This is the third story today about guns being used in a crime. Could you imagine how many stories about guns there would be in Irag, Afganistan, Pakistan etc, etc. They would run out ink. In the world there are gun shots everyday falling like rain. Imagine how much paper would be used just printing stories about guns? just sayin.....

A fresh-faced 18 year old punk in prison for life.  OOOOHH..  Bubba gonna have FUN with this one!Give him the chair, age doesnt matter here. just another piece  of manure the taxpayers will have to shell out for.

Prison for someone like this will only make them worse. This case could not be more clear cut as to the shooter's guilt. I am for cutting some slack (not much) to younger kids involved in this type of crime, but at 17, he should have been tried as an adult and executed within six months after his conviction. No more endless appeals, he was clearly identified and confessed.

A stupid punk like him will not last long in prison, RIP.

The kid is clueless

I wonder if there are lots of teens in other wealthy industrial nations who have the same violent, destructive impulses but which are much less often manifested in such a deadly manner because they do not have access to such deadly firearms?

Classy....Too bad he's too young for the needle.  Now the taxpayers have to support his useless self for the rest of his life.

Do this poor soul and the rest of the world and take this psycho off the count ASAP

Pathetic loser

Legend in his own mind

His fellow inmates will show him how tough and tender he really is.I wish him many new and different experiences in stir...

Ban more weapons...No sign of mental illness here.

This young man could benefit from an anger management class.

Oh I hope they put him in general population.  They don't take very kindly to kid-killers.

justice served.

Lane was taken into custody shortly after the attack and confessed to firing 10 rounds from a .22-caliber pistol at the students in the cafeteria.And this is the reason for an *pardon the ignorant pun* ban on '#$%$ault' weapons?Shot with  a .22 caliber PISTOL...WHAT HAPPENED to the EVIL #$%$-ault weapon??The IGNORANCE of politicians and the illLEGAL courts  amaze me!Their bans will have ZERO effect on the BRAINS of theILL, so HOW can yet ANOTHER ILLEGAL LAW stop DUMB PEOPLE??? PLEASE explain this to ALL of us for once!Oh I feel good now, since they made another #$%$ LAW..the people are now FREE and SAFE...BULL!!They did NOT enact a law that STOPS #$%$ POLITICIANS from being MORONS, so there goes that measure!What we NEED are PEOPLE that start taking the LAW into their own hands and MAKING CRIME STOP!A few DEAD child molesters hanging from city limit signs WILL be a GREAT deterrent!Warnings on billboards about coming to town to commit ANY criminalacts WILL get them killed...SEE THE DEAD CRIMINAL on the scity limit sign, THAT WILL be YOU if you do NOT leave NOW!

He will probably get more than the finger  in the gray bar hotel.

He'll be someone's B*&amp;ch in a matter of minutes!!!!!

He used a .22 pistol but of course Yahoo always has to mention an assault rifle in every story that they write.  Get over it Yahoo.  If you have to exaggerate every story then your 1st Amendment rights should be stripped from you.

This kid is evil and stupid.  He needs to be in prision.Don't worry folks, he'll have a NEW attitude by tomorrow morning, and it won't include that smirk.

Proof that all the talk about these mass killers being mentally ill is not true. If these mass killers were mentally unstable people they wouldn't charged the way thy are and sentence to prison. They would be declared incompetent and sent to a mental institution.

Why in the world do we let people like this live on?? He thinks he won in a funny kind of way, lets show him he didnt, No wait, lets feed him for the next 40 yrs that would be the humain thing to do,It makes me sick these types get to live on and families are dying from the inside out from his actions, Sorry eye for a eye!!! Must be my up bringin!!!!!!!

What a horrible person.  I hope he suffers greatly at the hands of prisoners just like him.

He was extremely intelligent, and had no fear whatsoever of the death sentence being imposed (he was a juvenile!) , so it sounds like he was "planning" to plea mental incompetence, and get-away with this ... sounds like an ideal case to impose The Death Sentence, to prevent future "plans" to feign mental imcompetence.1) Lane lacked remorse2) examinations showed he had feigned mental illness3) A bright student set to graduate from high school early4) Lane planned, prepared for, and then executed the attack

He is now a non-entity. His victims will live on in this world through the love and respect of family and friends. He showed his value to us by showing how he valued others. I feel badly for his parents, for the sins of a shameful child do not necessarily come from the parents. And now, he is just another insignificant nobody in prison......

And wil be wearing alot of kool-aid make up

We try to see the good in people, but sometimes it isn't there.

Bubba just awaitin fo him to git dere.

Bubba awaits. Get ready for hell kid because that's where you're going. You will regret that you didn't get the death penalty instead. What a wasted life. Sad.Hopefully this #$%$ will get what he really deserves in jail....and end his future appeal..

Life in prison is much worse than being executed, especially for a lilly white, butter soft little dork like him. I would rather die than spend my entire life in prison, especially the kind of prison he's going to. Don't worry, he'll be punished....daily.

Did Charles Manson have a grandson ? ?

I'm a little stunned by Lane's lack of remorse.  He was polite in court until today.  It appeared he would take his lumps and announce he was sorry for what he had done.   Wow, was that assessment incorrect.   This young man, for whatever reason, has turned out to be a cold-blooded killer and coward.   He said he was going to appeal.  Here is some free legal advice T.J., you have ZERO chance of prevailing in an appeal.  Any chance you had at all went out the window when you raised your finger, wore your T-Shirt and made the statements you made.   You will rot in prison until you are killed or die of natural causes.  Hope you like anal sex, cause that is what awaits you, after of course, your front teeth are knocked out.  You may have killed some kids, but when this is done, you will wish you were dead.

Killer will take it up the poop hole daily and nightly  :D

He's a tiny little guy; prison will not go well for him.

I spent 4 years in federal prison and young man your in for  a treat. Shoot off your mouth and do some profane things in there and someone will knock your skinny little head into next week and we won't even mention what happens next. PUNK!

He's a bad #$%$ now but in the big house his name will be Susie and he will come to understand regret and remorse.  It's going to be a hard and sad lesson, I wish him luck in his newest endeavor of understanding truth and consequences.

Why are we keeping "life without parol" alive for 50 plus years at the expense of tax payers$$$!!! How MANY of these POS are we paying for?? While others go homeless and hungry these PODS have 3 hots and a cot, plus medical and other benefits for 50 years plus?? This is so wrong!!

Given life?? He needs to be given DEATH...good,

Send him a shirt that reads b!tch because that's what another inmate will make him, his b!tch...

The prison population dislikes anyone who hurts kids or snitches, other than that, if he stands his ground no one will mess with him. It's the weak that get prayed upon.

well, another stupid #$%$ will learn, if you live by the sword, you die by the sword.

This puke should have gotten the death penalty, unfortunately as a result of too many liberal so called judges on the SCOTUS, this will not happen.

What drove him to kill these kids ? What was the reason behind it ? Was he just nuts ?

He could have gotten the death penalty and I would have been fine with it.  Anyone who kills somebody's child in cold blood and then forks off thier parents in the courtroom really doesn't need my tax dollars to sustain their life.

Why do I expect to still be seeing this guys face twenty years from now?  Restore some sanity to our justice system, and put this guy to sleep in a timely manner!  He is a killer,...deal with him like he is a killer,....give his poor victims the justice they deserve!

People who are against the death penalty make me sick. This P O S should be put down now.

Now dont you wish someone was armed that was there that would have taken him out? Think he can be "rehabilitated"? Skinny as he is he is dog food to those other REAL killersNow lets prosecute the Uncle whose handgun was used in the killings. I'm a gun owner and I lock my hand guns in my safe where no one but me or my wife has the combo. We need to send the message to all guns owners. Lock the guns up where kids can't get them.

Good!

I wish I knew why kids are so angry to get to the point of killing.  Talk to us teenagers.  Get your anger out.  I am willing to listen and not speak, unless you ask me too.

Gun crimes will stop in the United States, if we just disarm Obama supporters.

Why not just shoot him now and save the American people the funding.

He ought to be fried...I doubt he would be so profane if he knew that the chair shortly awaited him.

He should have received death.

Give me two minutes with my straight razor.

He's lucky I wasn't one of the victim's father.  I'm a retired combat vet and the moment he pulled off the shirt and tried to flex with the "Killer" tee shirt and then rant to the victim's family and flip them off, I would have went to jail for snapping his neck in the court room!Look forward to this PUNK being abused and meeting the same fate in the Pen.His parents are poor examples of parenting to let him get to this level!  Stop being buddy buddy with your kids and be a PARENT!  You can be friendly and still be a parent without trying to fit in with your kids and their friends.Guess the so call "EXPERTS" were wrong on not giving your kids the occasional BUTT Whipping when it's warranted.  I have four Grand Children that love to come over, but they know they wouldn't get away with the antics they pull on my daughter or the son-in-law.  My daughter(their mother) is starting to realize what I've been telling her as far as discipline.  You don't have to be as hard as my dad was (Career Marine and I retired as well) but you do have to let the children know you love them, but you are consistent as far as parameters of rules and the day to day within the home.I prey for the victims and can only offer the hope that this PUNK will meet the same fate in the Pen!

He should have been sentenced to death.18 yrs old--WOW,what a waste-All he will never get to experience on the other side of the fence,but what hell he will experience on his side of the fence

Let me guess it was the guns fault.

Yep, 3x premeditated murder = life in prison at least. More likely 3x life sentence + 25 years for the paralyzed kid.

Why can't we put people to death for killing other humans??????  It is an insult to those who were murdered and an insult to the taxpayers who will have to support the killer for the rest of his/her life - with free food, housing, medical care, cable tv, law library and family visits.  So wrong.

Feed him to the sharks instead of spending $30K a year (or is it more now?) to keep him locked up.

Life senetence? He took the lives of others. He should be used for target practice.

Ohio can you get your kids to take it down a notch or ten ?

Murder is murder, no matter what the age of the killer.  Execute him and stop the insanity of allowing these filth of mankind to suck any more air.

Do any of you liberals ever think what these kids that got killed got what they got?

"A bright student..."Uh...no.The only reason most people,who have kids, live, and have something to live for. He wouldn't be going up state,  I would.

The day is coming when the hardcore criminal won't have anyone to corral them or babysit them.

Life is only precious for those that enjoy it.Not precious for those who enjoy It's destruction. Some people can't understand a natural born killer.

There comes a time when you have to accept failure. Jail is a joke. Nobody but law abidding people fear imprisonment.

If they've got good media access in the joint, they'll be waiting for him. Not because of his crime, but because he's a little punk who thinks he's tough,...and he's cute,...in that demented prison kinda way.

The boy will now get an education.

Here is the real killer, not the guns!

What else can be done with a premeditating murderer?  Lock him up, throw away the key.

18 and real cool, just like in the movies and video games. Now he has the rest of his killer cool life to be cool while he plays slave in the prison shower.

I didn't bother to read his name in this article. He is just called another psycho in my book. He is pure evil and classic sociopath who should have been put down like a rabid dog. But now we all hope he just becomes a sex slave who will make the rounds in his cell block. He is already forgotten.Where are this boy's parents? What happened in this child's home that would destroy him in this way, such that he had so little hope but to destroy others? Nothing can be an excuse, but it would be helpful to have some understanding of the environment that gave rise to this terrible act.

He thinks he's tough now....wait until the second night in prison...

He will be eaten alive in prison with that attitude. Bethca he doesn't make 30.

reminds me of that guy who sent those jobs to China

What?  No tears?  No blubbering remorse?Cries for forgiveness?  I feel cheated.

We told him to follow his dreams.  We told him there is no God.  We told him he can do anything he sets his mind to.  We even kicked prayer and any reference to Biblical faith out of his school so he wouldn't be influenced by it.  What went wrong?

He is going to be wearing a new shirt very soon,,,"Bubba's Boy Toy!"

With extreme harsh prison life and the stress that comes with iton a day in and day out basis he'll be lucky if he lives to 65.Hopefully some inmate gets a hold of him first though and uses a shank on him.

Throw him in General population!!!

Ridiculous justice system. If he was charged as an adult then the adult law must be appliedJust a psychopath? Or, he thinks he's a bad #$%$ punk. Either way, some day he'll regret it all.

He will keep the inmates entertained for quite some time.

Just can't let newtown go can you Yahoot

....hey 'Killer', don't drop the soap!

How much money will be spent caring for this guy? Probably costs more than it takes to educate a child in school. School no bible/religion  but prison bible/religion allowed.

I resent the fact that my tax dollars will be keeping this animal alive for the rest of his life!  Enough of this bleeding heart liberal justice!  He should have been executed!

His t-shirt should say, #$%$".  Then execute him.

Another smart #$%$ punk.  Once he gets to prison they are going to make a lady out of him.

NONE of these monsters was an NRA member.

"A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips. "Just EXACTLY what the hell is this snippet doing in this article ?You can't fix crazy.

This is what we get, for dumbing down schools. Teaching kids that it's not there fault.  No responability.  Any weird act is OK.   This kind of killings will go on long after ,people vote liberalism out.    We can only thank the democrat voters for this.   Thats right--This is your monster, you own it

A true psychopath.  Hope he dies in prison quickly to save the taxpayers some money.

Ok a really sick thought just crossed my mind. Once same sex marriages become legal is some big inmate named bubba going to want to marry him.

Mass murder is gay.

The Judge should have ordered him to take the shirt off.

I just can't fathom why  there is  " life in prison  with no chance of parole "...that's like sending a pedophile to counseling sessions ...taxpayer  $$$$  at waste again.    KILL  em !!!!

Guns turn cowards into killers.

This one is a real animal. Several news reports said he gave the finger to families of his victims as he was led out of the courtroom. With a little bit of luck, he won't last long in prison.

His parents must be ashamed.The safest chools and cities ? Its NO accident they are in concealed carry states and that the antigun states have the highest crime!

If this male showed no remorse for the murders you think prison is gonna phase him. I doubt it. Just make him worse by becoming some prisons girlfriend then get mad and take on prisoners and guards. He's ill in the head needs to be put down like all murders.

I hope and pray that the mother who made the statement can find it in her heart to let go of that bitterness... not because the killer deserves it, but because holding onto bitterness like that continues to give him power over her, and it will eat away at her inside.  Letting go is saying "you and your evil have no power over me anymore."  Forgiveness is more beneficial to the one doing the forgiving than it is to the one being forgiven.

I know a lot of people are commenting about his future in the prison system. The truth is he will probably find empathy from fellow inmates once he tells "his side" to them. It's unfortunate, but the truth.

I hope that he's kept in the general population in prison.  He'll quickly discover how tough he isn't.  He looks like a skinny little guy that won't be able to protect himself very well.  I wish him nothing but misery for the rest of his life.

He'll be a little more humble when he meets his new husband.

why is he not in handcuffs ?

they call it a poky for a reason  have fun getting poked    mentally ill is the problem

as a warning to other young punks, he should be publicly hung at the school. this POS deserves a painfull death

He is going to cry like a little girl when gets in prison around the grown killersshould of got the death penalty

Since America does not believe in cruel and unusual punishment, maybe wecan pay other countries to house premediated murders and mass murdersand child murders for us, .. some other countries have prisons that make ourprisons look like a daycare for rich kids, .. let them take care of him until he dies from( natural ) causes then send him home for burial, ..they do not deserve to liveor die on American soil. ..they should not hear our language or taste our foodor even smell our smells, .. they should feel like they are in a coffin for the life.On second thought bury them over there or in the ocean so their family cannot eversee them again.

Hey folks, he is the victim here!  Right liberals?

Where are sweet little TJs parents? Why are a whole generation of children being raised by their grandparents?

With any luck he'll smart off to spike and get his nuts ripped off. Have a nice day.

Three meals a day, warm bed, tv and gym and free health care. This is how we will continue to award murderers

Why should we pay for him. Put one round right in his head and be done with it.

Personally I think the families murder vic's should be the ones to determine the fate of the perps.

Beat his parents and then hang them upside down in the town square.

He goes in as a tiger, after a week he is like a #$%$ cat. Have a rotten life you coward SOB.The big boys will chew him up and spit him out OR make him their byotch.  He probably is the later already.

Hey "Killer"--make sure to lube up the poop shoot for Bubba and Da' Boys because they will be "layin' the pipe" up your sweet cheeks.

While I think death would be a lot better on the tax payer, he will sure wish for death after he becomes someones girlfriend in prison.

Does this mean that a less bright student might be have been more successful at feigning mental illness?Dina Parmertor, give him a heavy duty pair of knee pads. He will think of you and your son every time they protect his knees from rubs and scrapes.

This is an example of one that needs to be taken out of the gene pool.

His tee shirt should have an arrow pointing straight up to his face and the words "Aim Here"

The realities of prison will tone his punk-ash down. It won't be long before Bubba has him singing a different tune.

WHY DO TAX PAYERS HAVE TO KEEP THESE M/FERS???????????????????????????

I wonder if the prison will issue him a t-shirt that read " beeotch " on it? or "fresh meat" or even unclaimed #$%$?

More guns and easier access, that's what we need even though around the world the opposite has worked to reduce gun violence, let us never be swayed by evidence from other countries.At least one court knows what to do with a dirtbag.

Bet his parents are proud.

My T-shirt says "Die Punk-Nobody Will Miss You". Trash in, trash out.

his whole family should be made to pay the victims  family for his deeds, where do these folks live.

So now the taxpayers get yet another burden to shoulder....

@ I PITY YOU FOOL.....ARE YOU SERIOUS...IT'S JUST NOT BLACK MEN BUT WHITE MEN TOO...." DON'T DROP THE SOAP...BE VERY CAREFUL NOT TO DROP THE SOAP

Evil kid. Hopefully the Mexican mafia shot-callers are looking for new young boyfriends.

execute him, stop wasting our money feeding and clothing and housing #$%$ like this !

a   true  skunkhe  might be  dead  in the  prison

he's gonna look real young and purty to some big guy, haha.The kid was probably bullied .

Wow, looks and sounds evil to me.  He doesn't seem to attribute a motive either.  Some people are just demon spawn.

At least this dumbocrat gets what he deserves.

Why aren't the PARENTS charged?  They raised the demon.  It is their end product.

No remorse should be an automatic death sentence carried out within 7 days.  This monster is nothing but a fool, and I hope he's used as a prostitute on both ends by everyone in prison!

He is heading to the big house and general population now, he will not be able to say any profanities with a #$%$ meat sandwich in his mouth.  He is very young to go into the area of prisons he is heading to.

Hope they gave him extra vaseline... He is going to need it...

with an 85 year life expectency, he has another 67 years of life in him...  at cost of $50,000 per year for his incarceration, that comes out to be a total of $3,350,000 dollars that the TAX PAYERS will have to come up with to support him.  and that's only IF he never has a medical problem...  which could add a few MILLION more to his upkeep...   let me make a suggestion that will save the TAX PAYERS MILLIONS....    my alternative; a $0.75 bullet well placed, and that would be the end of it....

Get a rope for this POS and save the taxpayers funds.

He thinks he's so 'tough'....he'll soon find out exactly how 'tough' he is.  Hope it hurts a lot!I have to say I am kind of glad he can't get the death penaly. They just love tough guys like this in prison. I hope he doesn't wind up in the segregated part tho.

Oh, trust me on this one. That little man will become someone's buttbuddy. He won't survive in prison. He will most likely be shanked once he goes to an adult prison. He's toast. To he I say, may your life be as miserable as possible, may you rot on this earth.

His parents must be sooo prou!

Oh yeah, a real tough guy. Just wait till he gets to the big house and becomes the cellblock girlfriend. Bet he won't so tough then.

I assume that the logic here is that those people are "less dead" because the shooter was 17?HIS age should not be relevent.

Yep, that ban on a few rifles and magazines would have stopped this.  What? He used a pistol?  Uh, pretend this guy's crime didn't happen.  Just keep thinking everybody uses rifles that look military to kill with so we can look like we're doing something.

Can anyone explain why this punk will not be put to death for what he did?

Pure Evil.

Our chickens have come home to roost...this whole world spends more time drinking, partying, having sex, and building wealth they cant take to their grave, while our kids turn into monsters right under our noses.

This never happened when parents were allowed to discipline their kids.He better watch out to who he gives obscene gestures to in the big house-doesn't look as tough as he thinks he might be!

Change juvenile sentencing when a convicted lunatic murderer or rapist doesn't respect others or the courtroom. Death sentences should be given to minors. After all the left has no problem killing innocent unborn babies; the right is pro-death sentence. It should be easier to push through than immigration reform, the buzz-kill idea of the century.

Did you see how proud he looked in the videos when be busted out that shirt saying "Killer"?  Doubt that smirk will last long when he gets to jail.Why he did not get the death penalty is beyond me.  Hard to see any redeeming qualities in this one.  If he gets life without parole what really is the difference?

What's in that water in Ohio ??

I don't know which is worse.  The evil he was showing towards the victims families, or the stupidity of that judge for refusing to make him cover up his shirt that said "killer" on it during sentencing.

TJ Lane, Ohio State Prison's newest shower toy.

Is it possible for Yahoo to run one single story about a shooting, without bringing up Newtown?!! Give it a rest, Yahoo!!

Boy they are going to LOVE you in prison. You will cease to be a virgin

say hi  to bubba #$%$!!!

Are parents becoming too busy - earning for their livelihood, to keep an eye on their teens? Isn't this becoming a little too rampant? And while at, whats up with Ohio y'all?He going to make some lucky man a wonderful playmate!

Why bother having your own kids when you can support these maniacs fot the rest of their lives

Why give him life. He took three lives. Shoot him three times.

Bubba says you sure have a pretty mouth, little boy. Let's see how many minutes it takes for you to cry for momma when they shut the cell door on you the first night in the big boys cell block.

Those toothpick arms aren't going to fend off too many would be butt rapers in the slammer.

Let's see how he likes being some guys girlfriend for the rest of his life. This boy is pure evil.

I guess that it didn't occur to the person who wrote this article to explain whether there was any motive for this attack.

What a worthless failure! I hope he gets beaten up and gang raped daily!

Little a%&amp;hole!  Should've been taken out back and hung.

Hey TJ!  Say hello to your new roommate.  He thinks you look cute and loves that smile.  Both of those qualities should be gone within about 6 months.  Have a nice life.The county has a serious mental health problem among youth disguised as a gun problem.

He will be some prison gangs sex toy real soon, good luck tough guy.............

they just HAD to sneak in another sentence that said the words "military-style assault weapons and ammunition clips."  This shooting had nothing to do with either, but let's continue with as much hysteria as we can author.  idiots.

Why did he do it , were his victims at one time victimizing him bullying him? I would like to know . Someone who is NOT mentally ill has a reason and the article says he planned it for a long time. Was he trying armed robbery anyway the article is not discriptive.

How about the media keeps ramming home this message to all of the want to be assasins in the U.S. instead of immortalizing those that died in their rampage?  Perhaps then the children of this nation would get the message that there are consequences for their sissy like actions!

He will look good in a dress.

It's unfortunate that they could not run poison thru his veins and be done with it.  Taxpayers get to house, feed and clothe him for the rest of his miserable life, this monster doesn't deserve to breath the same air as the rest of us.

another undisciplined, spoiled brat.

No remorse disrespect of the dead victims kin and he is spared the death penalty why so now he gets to live and gets life you kill you should be killed and not with a little shot to go to sleep for ever this is just breath with Pants.

The NRA must be proud!and you thought the ohio beard trimmers were the big bad last year.... for a state that prides itself with EVERY religious &amp; cult denomination... why's it becoming the nation's shooting spree capital?

The article  *incorrectly* states "sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips."      -The correct statement should be "Neither incident involved an "assault rifle", but the tragedy was used by Democratic politician's to push their eternal agenda of banning Modern Sporting Rifles and disarming the public, even though they are vastly outnumbered by gun  rights supporters."There Yahoo! News, having an accurate article is a delightful change for you.

The shirt should have said, "STUPID".

Why waste the money? Death penalty much better!

I don't think his tuff enough to Handel what he'll get in there. Why did he take of his shift and show his skinny body. His only change in there is never speak.

Shame he wasn't tried in Texas, they wouldn't care about his pretty face, he would get the needle in about 10 years, which is 9 years too long.

Any bets that he was on the same Meds as the rest of the goofs that went nuts and started shooting people. and have you noticed that the liberal media always wants to remind us of Newtown CT. and shootings and gun control...Never let a tragedy go without taking advantage to advance the agenda you Libtards Talk about the medication that these kids have been on and find out why they go crazy. stop blaming guns..

Awe he's unable to receive the death penalty. Maybe we should change those age discrimination laws regarding the death penalty. I never knew death coudn't kill anybody under the age of 17. It's going to be a No Holds Barred competition in the slammer boy. Hey have you met Ben yet? Last name Dover. You'll be seeing alot of him in there believe me. He may even get to know you well enough to take you on a date and present you to his homies as his girlfriend. They will toss you around like a sack of dry potatoes. Notice I wrote dry. Might I suggest that you start spitting in a cup to take with you on all of your dates. You will have plenty of interested fellas wanting to tap that tight skinny little #$%$ of yours.

SPANKING TIME!

Whatever happen to Mob Lynchings?Pretty boy won't be so tough when he's the one bleeding,...from more places than just his head.

This is one of the drawbacks for not having Capital punishment.

Some dirt bag lawyer from the ACLU will eventually get this whacko out of jail in 10 or so years.

Progressives will get him released in 2 -3 years

If he was not caught he had a huge career with OWS

Feigned mental illness \  Poser

Taking away guns won't solve anything.  No one is willing to do the HARD work of posing solutions to the emotional and/or mental issues of those who want to hurtothers.

Hum where is mom and dad,, single parents etc this is the great democrat s lib kids,

And it wasn't an assault rifle.

I shudder to think that every one of us, decendants from Adam, are born tained by the evil one with a sinful nature.  But for the grace of God go I.I praise God daily for the sacrifice of His son on the cross to take my punishment for my sins, and to create in me a new person.  A person with God's nature rather than Adam's nature.I doubt if this guy will serve anything close to life in Ohio.

Would his choice of gun and clip size not be legal under the proposed new laws?

Any doubt about his guilt?Good! Execute the POS and the first liberal that steps up to stop it.

The moment he began removing his shirt, he should have been stopped and questioned then watched very closely.  Just what did they think he was doing?!  When he began his little speech they should have immediately escorted him from the courtroom, saving the family and friends of the victims from having to hear at least some of his foul words and seeing his obscene gestures.  I wonder why the judge allowed this that much freedom?

Oh look another nice kid...boy parents are doing such a great job raising their kids these days

Wait til he finds out in prison that this game of life has no reset button.

staring at cement walls 22 hours a day for the next 60 years could be fun.

It's a good thing we have all these assault weapons bans and background checks. Now we'll never have to worry about this kind of thing happening again!

3 hots and a cot...with Kentucky jelly for dessert.

He'll be crying for his "mommie" real soon.He forgot to remember there's always someone or somebody inside the BIG HOUSE that can be paid and have nothing to loose.

I hope that young man doesn't lose that digit in an "accident" in prison, while the guards are distracted.

I hope he's still smirking when he becomes someone's girlfriend in the prison shower....

Some people are just born bad!

Let him try his "attitude" in the "Big House", they don't play.

Make sure he has extra strong bed sheets...would hate for one to tear under his weight.

I know several of the Chardon parents who were impacted by this nutbag.  Let's just say I'll be amazed if we're not reading his obituary by this time next year.  And don't think that being in prison will help him - quite the contrary, someone could probably easily be bought in the tank to take care of him...

...I see this kid made his parents proud...wow, what the heck happened to this kid's mind???

Wow, don't you know his parents must be soooooo proud..... (hope not)....  I agree with some of the other posts.... it is way past time for our country to repair it's mental health system(s).... HELLO...... and if it's not a mental health issue, then we also need to address our current thought processes of parenting.... we are failing something and it appears a large percentage of kids are the victims...

Maybe they will let him bring in a lifetime supply of vasaline, hes gonna need it!very sad ,,, wasted youth with no positive direction.....blaming the symptom.... God Help Us and our kids.

Throw him into a pit of rattlesnakes.

Another hard teen thug ... enjoy running from "real" thugs you punk #$%$ b!tch.

Sandusky is willing to stay in prison for life as long as this teen shares his cell .

As soon as he gets to the prison gates he will recieve a new t-shirt that says "Bubbas #$%$"!

I doubt his prison nickname will be "Killer".

An individual not worth commenting on.

He's gonna make some bull a great prison girl friend

Bend over kid &amp; get used to it......

Guns don't scare me, people like this do.  I would think someone like this would be sending up red flags wherever he went.  I also noticed he did his assault with a .22 pistol and 10 rounds.  He will get his due but I feel bad for the victims.  Getting life in prison just doesn't seem like justice in a case like this.Killing innocent and defenseless beings of any kind, deserves more than the sentence he received. His crime should deserve the death penalty, but life without parole is a goodun too.NO remorse should allow a sentence with some time to be spent with victims family members in a holding cell somewhere.

Pitiful how someone this age loses their connection to reality.

He gave a brief profane statement and an obscene gesture. Thanks for the details! Let me guess, he just killed because... he's a monster! He's a true monster! Now he'll be locked up and fed for the rest of his life! Sounds better than what most homeless have! Go justice!

I know it's the Christian thing to do to offer forgiveness but clearly this guy has no remorse for what he did. I feel sorry for his family who must witness their son, their child, turn into a monster, but we all have choices in life and Mr. Lane clearly chose the wrong ones. That being said, why should hard-working tax payers support this guy's life which will be lived out until the end in jail? I know it's cold to bring everything down to a matter of economics but how much money will this guy's room and board cost for the rest of his life? He sounds like a tortured soul anyway so wouldn't it be in EVERYONE'S interest to simply send this life back to the Manufacturer? Clearly it is not our place to play God and determine who lives and who dies, so I'm kind of caught in between letting this young man's life play out behind bars and saying "enough's enough. There's nothing here to save. You lose. Goodbye."  *sigh*  The world shouldn't be this way...  :-(

Take his testicles,  thats all that needs done.   He will calm down.

I take comfort in the fact he will not live long in prison. Actions have consequences.

Ha, a skinny white boy in prison, his balloon knot is going to get killed.

The trash has been set out on the curb, once he get's to prison his one finger wave will earn him a ten knuckle BEAT DOWN!!!

Throw the little punk in general population and someone will kill him before the year is out.

he should have been executed!..period!..next topic!i am glad he gets life he is a idiot

Choot him Liz Choot him

He will think 'KILLER' when he meets his cell mate...

Hope ya like prison sex kid....

Send his #$%$ to Texas, they know how to deal with chit like this.

WHy would he plead guilty? Should've fought it. Couldn't of done any worse.

Im sure Big Papi will show the same disregard towards this POS as he did to the victims families. Don't drop the soap!

Society often times look for excuses when a person such as this does a horrible act.  Mental illness, abuse, upbringing or outside influences such as video games or the internet are often blamed.  These are legitimate at times, BUT, there are times when a person is just mean and evil and I think that applies in this case.

He should have scrawled "enter here" on the back of his underware.

Oh, yeah, you're so tough, T.J.  Good luck with all the posturing in prison, nancy boy.that  BOY will be wearing diapers before he's 30. their going to have fun with him.

Wow.  He is already dead.  You dont commit that kind of a crime, show no remorse, and treat the families of your victims as he did at the sentencing and not be dead inside.

CNN will give his side on why it was ok for him killing those 3 kids killed-----CNN is clueless

Mr. Lane, I see we have a few bugs in your cell. While we set off a bug bomb, were going to put you in the in the next cell with this 245 lb. physcodic man. Don't worry though.

To all you people saying he's NOW going to find out what jail is like: Where in the world do you think he's been for more than a year? At Club Med?

His brief, profane statement:"This hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates the memory. #$%$ all of you."Nice guy.

Gen pop...here is some meat..

Weird.. never heard of this school shooting before now..

I'm sorry for the way I'm posting this but "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HEAR, THIS PUNK TOOK 3 LIVES AND IS ABLE TO KEEP HIS BECAUSE HE WENT AHEAD AND PLEADS GUILTY. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS COUNTRY!!!!!  the parents of the kids he killed can never look their kids in their eyes anymore but have to look down at a grave but this punks parents will be able to look at his when they visit and one more thing the kids he killed did they deserve the death penalty? NO!!!

But it's not HIS fault, it was the guns that did the shooting, so he shouldn't be held accountable for HIS actions. The guns should be going to prison, not him.If you live in an old housing project or old doublewide trailer, a new jail ain't so bad.

Lets see how funny he thinks it is in a year or two years when he is sitting in his cell and all the media is long gone and no one there to give him any attention.  He can be reminded that he will never ever do the simple fun things again like driving a car, playing a video game, buy a new car, buying your first home etc...I have a feeling that he will not think it is as funny as he does now with all the media attention being given to him.

These punk will need a diaper after there through with his whole.

There but for 600 million bucks goes an angry Tagg da Fahagg Romney,can't control his anger but has no rich daddy to cover up his takin' a poke at others.Poor guy,only the rich get away with stuff like violence.

Among the other cost of keeping this POS alive, he will be allowed to be educated at our expense, perhaps he will obtain a law degree and figure out how to get his conviction overturned and write a book. No doubt there will be some sicko females who will find him to be their sole mate and shower him with accolades !!No, just kill him !

Sounds like the youngster is STILL mad. Thankfully Obama has only "proposed" a ban and not gone through with it.

Like to see that smart-Alec's face 20 years from now...

Go die, you useless piece of excrement.

I'd have to pick him over the crying little girl Football rapist.Fake remorse &amp; sympathy is worse than admitting you just don't give a Bristol.He'll be finding Jesus in Prison though.

Where is the NRA when you need them?what did Newtown Conn have to do with this and why was it mentioned?

what was the motive

So we get to support this garbage the rest of its miserable life. It should be killed immediately. Hopefully, the prison it is sent to will lack supervision so the other inmates will kill it and save taxpayers a lot of money.

he did it.  he admitted he did it.  no remorse.  At least he didn't wuss out in the end crying and begging for mercy from the court.  For whatever his reasons were, he got his revenge and that's all that mattered.

How did he get a gun?  Were his parents held liable for not locking up their weapons?

Why dont you get off this so called assault weapon kick which did'nt apply.

Not a word as to why he did it.  I'm thinking that may have been an important part of the case. Great report.

I'm sure he can make all the obscene gestures he wants each and every time some big Bubba makes him his little tasty treat.  That's better than the death penalty.  He thinks he is such a hard core gangsta but all he will ever be is just a piece of hard time tail.

He acts tough now, but once he is officially locked up and the reality of say the next 60-70 years in that place sets in, he will be crying like a baby, especially when he will be chowing down on his cockmeat sandwiches.

Three people dead and one paralyzed. This dirt bag ruined the lives of 4 people, yet he gets to continue breathing.Life in prison is good, but not good enough. Want to deter these other want to shooters, sentence them to a lifetime of torture, lets see how the amount of shooters change (or at least ones that choose to end themselves).Three people dead and one paralyzed. This dirt bag ruined the lives of 4 people, yet he gets to continue breathing.Life in prison is good, but not good enough. Want to deter these other want to shooters, sentence them to a lifetime of torture, lets see how the amount of shooters change (or at least ones that choose to end themselves).

He made profane statements and gestures to the families of the victims. Wow. Well, there goes the theory that there's good in everyone.

At least it doesn't appear to bother him.

Big Bubba is gonna wipe that smirk off his face in a hurry

Wonder what caused kids in America to become these monsters that we're seeing more and more of today.

Skinhead recruit.

The NRA says to teach kids to shoot and arm them to the teeth.

They are going to have to keep him heavily medicated for the rest of his life, he will absolutely kill again if given the chance.

It would be interesting to see if his attitude changes after 5 years in a cell with Bubba.

His next TShirt will wife "Prison B***h" on it.When they do away with the death penalty, ths is what happens.  You get overcrowded prisons and then they let out people who don't need to be let out.  People who have murdered people and most who get out kill again.

If he wants the death penalty , then we should give it to him!!!!!!!!!!

He is just acting like that because why he will spend the rest of his life, he will have to be a killer, and has to project a certain level of strenght and power. And flipping off the judge is a start.

I am sure the boys will welcome him with open zippers. It's likely he won't survive the justice of prison fathers and adult killers. Someone as nuts as him will deliver justice.

i will never understand how somebody young could murder, be proud of it,  and don't mind prison for a lifetime.   the only thing i can think  is he was born without a brain.

"Lane was taken into custody shortly after the attack and confessed to firing 10 rounds from a .22-caliber pistol at the students in the cafeteria."So, liberals, what happened to assault rifles being the "weapon of choice" (as you fools put it) for these shooters?

He should be taken out to a desolate area and inducted into the bullet-to-the-back-of-the-head club.

Does anyone know why he did this ? Was he bullied by these kids ?

ohio they sold their votes,and their american soul,,Now headed to the cesspool status of california.

Put him in solitary confinement and don't let him hear another human voice for the duration.Can anyone explain why this punk will not be put to death for what he did?

Now we know what was under his cool exterior.  He made his fate much worst.

Can you believe the 'judge' allowed that in HIS courtroom?  I once said 'pfft' to a judgee--That cost me 6 months. I guess when your doing 3 life sentence you get to do whatever

Democrats everywhere are dying to hug him because he probably had a bad childhood. He's the real victim here.

I have never heard of this shooting, maybe becuase an assault weapon was NOT used.....oh wait, there was NOT one used in Newtown either .......weird

The article doesn't say what set him off?  Was he bullied like the kids at Columbine?I'm not expert, but seams to me like he was seeking revenge.A big chunk of this story is missing.

Another young life of an aimless teenager with no discipline or respect thrown away.I wonder what his home life was like. I bet money he was from a broken home with no father around.

(borrowing from a preceeding poster)  I hope there is a psychologist somewhere that is looking at all the school, medical and psychological records of these mass killers. We need to have a clue on how to identify the incipient signs in very young children AND the parenting techniques (if you can call failure a "technique") that produce sociopaths.Then we need to prevent failures from growing up.Take that wherever it goes...

After he unbuttoned his shirt and it was clear what was written on the shirt, he should have been removed from the courtroom and placed in a video room or made to take the shirt off. He immediately made it clear that he was not going to behave in a civil manner. The upholding of "rights" of murderers in our PC society is disgusting.

A ten round magazine?  Quick, let's pass more laws limiting gun capacity to only one round. After that, with an Obama-appointed Supreme Court, we can pass total gun confiscation from those non-militia citizens.  Yipee.  Almost there, comrades.Execute the punk!

I am amazed that the Judge allowed this idiot to take his shirt off and to make a public display like this.  Is Ohio that screwed up?

It would be nice if the judge pulled him back in and said "I've changed my mind, you get executed immediately."

he'll be the killa in prison all right...that killa piece o'asz

Big Bubba and Junior will tear him a new one before the month is over.

Sounds like he needs a hug.

and they don't call prison cruel and unusall punishment....should have just terminated the little psychopaths life.

He thinks it is funny, the joke is on him. May the souls of these innocent souls RIP. Thoughts and prayers for the wounded and all the families.

He was smiling in court thinking about all the butt sex he is going to receive.

should be death by firing squadIn my opinion at least, as soon as this kid said the things he said in a court of law in front of the families of the victims, he forfeited any and all rights that he otherwise may have had. He is no longer even a human being, just a soulless thing that deserves to be thrown in a deep dark whole until it starves to death. If anyone deserves hell, it is this animal.

This puke should have been executed,his actions in court show he has no respect for anything and doesn't give a #$%$ about what he did.Fire up old sparkey

Put him in general population and let him smirk once he becomes bubbas beotch.

The sentence is just as long as it is up within a week! Life in prison should be swift and final. law abiding tax payers should not be on the hook for his expenses!

Put him in a cell with a big black buba and let him abuse him.

Another "Superman" that needs to be beaten within an inch of his life - everyday.

pretty much a good specimen and representation of american population. what a furcked-up country.

He used a 22 pistol but if course the story had to mention assault weapons to fit the liberal agenda.

Another fine byproduct of big pharma's drugs toxic effects on the mind. And yet not a word about it in the liberal controlled media or in congress which both reap billions from it.

Kill him.. just as he killed others. Rapists get the death penalty. Identity thieves get 20 years hard labor and solitary, or death.I wonder how many people left the courtroom to go see a violent movie at the local theater?

I am sure this monster will be quite popular with the Bubba's in the prison.  Hopefully he gets gang raped repeatedly without the benefit of lubrication and a reach around.

Out of the gene pool.Hopefully soon to be off the planet as well.

He sounds like a typical Obama worshipper.  Takes no personal responsibility.

there are mentally imbalanced people all around us, better be careful who you #$%$ off when you go about your selfish lives.

I'd get thrown in jail just to show this tough guy how much of a pu&amp;&amp;y he is.  Guess I'd have to get in line though.

Pure evil.

Less than a year and the justice is served.(Should have been death sentence.)But four years ago another #$%$ is still breathing while the trial is delayed.Maj. Nidal HasanHasan, the Army psychiatrist accused of being the lone gunman in the November 5, 2009 massacre, was charged as a criminal defendant in a military court in March 2010. Thirteen were killed and 31 were wounded in the massacre, the worst shooting ever at a U.S. military facility.Eye for an eye.Why is this still dragging on?

This guy is in for a RUDE awakening in prison... Better not drop the soap! Lol.... Sounds like he got what he deserves...

My - this little cutie's gonna be somebody's baitche real soon!There are no 22's in prison to save him. There will be some "bang bang", but this time little TJ will be on the recieving end.

He can't weigh more 140lbs soaking wet in a wool sweater, He's going to make his new cellmate really happy I hope a lot of people are invited to the weeding . ...

Get raped, and die of AIDS, you sick #$%$.

The stupid idiot won't be laughing in a week or two.

TJ Lane grew up with a violent, abusive father; alcoholic mother; addicted to psychiatric medications; pushed over the edge by bullies at school who beat him down every day. Multiple causes produced deadly effects. Now you know the rest of the story the media wont tell you.

I hope they stick him in gen popThe men will use him as a human blow up doll and pass him around like a phat blunt of kush in the proverbial cypher

He's gonna get more cocky in jail... ;)

T.J. will build a legacy in prison. There will be more victims at his hands.

my hart brakes for these kids today .their crying out for help .no one wents to show them.love .all they see and hear is hate .parents that love money or jobs more they have no friends  .this nation worships everything but god thats why its in the shape its in god help us

This BOY will soon be getting hit in the face with more balls than a major league catcher. Hope he has a round mouth. Would be better to just butcher these #$%$ whenever they pop-up, why waste the time and money on a trial ?"A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence"The media uses every opportunity to insert this sentence into a non related story.There is also a national outcry to protect the Second Amendment but that is never stated.Deception designed to alter public opinion?

I went through 12 years in school with NO one getting shot, but back then, we said the pledge of allegence, could read a bible, say a prayer, had the 10 commandments hanging on the wall. Maybe it wasn't a good idea getting rid of them.

10 rounds fired from a .22...no assault rifles, no high capacity clips...gun control legislation wouldn't have stopped this, its only cosmetic since killers will kill with whatever they have.

Ah, some fresh prison meat. They'll have his fart-valve stretched out so far if you yell up it you'll hear an echo.

He thinks he is some sort of bad #$%$? Wait till this tiny terror meets hard lifers.

It is worth noting that this kid was teased relentlessly, and that one of the victims who died had threatened to beat him up, and was dating the shooter's former girlfriend.  Why is it that no one talks about the role WE play in creating these monsters?

Part him out.  Kidneys, skin, liver, skin, corneas, etc.  His brain is obviously rotten and there's no such thing as a brain transplant anyway, but there are plenty of other parts there that could go to more worthy people.

Have "fun" with BIG BUBBA, there, TJ... He's looking forward TO YOU!!!  You two will have "a lifetime" together.....  Fool........

Kid, you just forfeited your freedom and the real life education is about to begin. This is a video game without end and you are about to find out how harsh and cruel the world can be. You got the moment of fame that you wanted and now you can spend the remainder of your days regretting thechoices you made while the rest of the world forgets you ever existed.

Why are there so many young killers today?  What IS the matter with society when young people throw their lives away by taking the lives of other?.  Just yesterday they found a young man, 19, who had planned on killing a lot of people..do they think their name will go down in history or something?  Isn't there any other GOOD way they can get their name in the news wihout them killing innocent people?  And WHO gave that man that T-shirt to wear in court?  Why isn't he wearing a jump suit provided by the jails?  He doesn't deserve nice clothes.  He doesn't deserve to live.  The bible advocates capital punishment.......why don't we?Sounds like "Killer" is about to become a girly man.

His new attire - a tank top cut and sewn to fit like a minidress, will bear the legend: "Mrs. Bubba Washington". That will also be carved into his buttocks too.

how proud his parents are at this moment....a prick til the end....enjoy prison. you deserve it.

Big Bubba and his friends can't wait for this useless piece of trash arrive at their prison!

Just reading this story scares me. He is a true psychopath. He has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. I truly believe if he were ever released he would kill again. May the victims families find peace.

I don't think he'll be so defiant when Bubba puts his arm around him and says "you're my little puppy now".

Life in prison?  Why make this person a burden to the tax payer?  .45 slug would suffice for him.

Tough guy here, a multi-murderer got what he deserves.  No remorse and will learn how to be a whinning, frightened little prison-man doll baby -- for life.  Again:  exactly what he deserves.  (Sorry for the parents knowing that and being helpless to help, except giving solace to the crying, little murderer during phone calls home..."Help me, mommy!  Help me, daddy!")  Too late.

General population in the Ohio department of corrections.  Turn that smile upside down. I suspect his immediate future involves a pack of koolaid and an undersized prison uniform.

I think a lifetime of being the soft, young meat to all those truly hardened criminals is a far more fitting punishment than death.  Let's see him keep up that defiance when he's getting beat and raped every night.He's a big man now....but wait until Bubba becomes his cellmate...He'll be crying like a little girl.

That shirt is going to read Fresh Meat when he gets  to the big house. He'll be crying like a baby before long.

And the rapists get 1 year? Seems a little unbalanced to me

Why do they keep bringing up Sandy Hook and Obamas ban on assault weapons? This kid used a small caliber pistol.prime case of the media trying to dilute the facts.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh DA BEARS

I agree with Randy, hang him and save the taxpayers all the money, he won't change anyway. Thats what they should have done to Mason instead of keeping him alive all this time.

Did I miss the part where it said WHY he did what he did? Not looking for an excuse, just like to know what triggered this so we can look for the signs in others?

So, he gets to be a drain on society now. All you did was sentence the people of this country. If you are not going to kill diseases like this, then they should be sentenced to hard labor. Instead, he gets a free roof, food, education, cable TV, etc, etc. That isn't justice, it's obscene.

I dont object for another inmate to make a name for himself and send T.J. to hell. Do you remember the name of the inmate who sent Dahmer to hell? Me neither.

He wont last in prison. He will be their new toy in jailNeed to start holding the parents responsible for raising these monsters, obviously they did not raise this doucehbag right.

Guess the inmates have a new toy on the block now....something they can look forward to.

Every single time I read about this POS that go and kill people are always mental!! BS! They need to get rid of that Plea #$%$ out of the court room.. It is a cop out.

Kids shooting other kids... there out to be a law! Oh wait..

and this will continue to happen until we treat them like adults.....he knew the laws, he milked it for a year, and then flipped off the families because he thinks he got away with murder...even wore a shirt to mock everyone....gun laws, my #$%$ .....putting fear back into the criminal is what is needed....death sentence, to be carried out in one week....bet he wouldn't be wearing that shirt so proudly....

A just punishment for the little punk would be to lock him in a room with the families of the victims and let them repeatedly beat him into oblivion. Then finish him with his own .22 handgun.

"feigned mental illness..."...."bright student..."....yeah, nothing wrong with his head is there...?...and a real Einstein...It's too bad blown up pictures of the students he killed and wounded can't be taped to the walls of his cell so he can see them the rest of his miserable, worthless life...and I think it is best he got consecutive life terms, etc. so he can be aware every waking minute of what he did...

Dirtbag, dirtbag, dirtbag.  I hope the big boys in prison make his life unpleasant.

I shouldn't have said anything about my bow and arrows, they just now proposed a 10 arrow, quiver capacity law change!

Ohio certainly does seem to be having it's share of issues with teen angst lately...Hopefully this is a wake-up call for parents (and kids) all over.What was this kid's background, dam he's evil.

Hope he gets to be in Bubba's cell. we will see how tough he really is

insane - of course his sanity is not all there - but law says insane means incapable of knowing right from wrong and/or incapable of assisting in their defense.  since he can do both, he is legally sane, even though he is nuttier than a fruit cake

"A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips."SO WHY WAS THIS INCLUDED IN THE ARTICLE??????????

This boy has no soul !  He killed the boys and abused the families... This animal needs to be put to sleep...

They're always tough guys till they get inside.  Fresh meat on the block.

18? Crazy story

And you say Satan is not alive and well

Hope he gets to be in Bubba's cell. we will see how tough he really is

make him Sanduskys cell mate..Rabid dog...put him down!

TJ, meet Bubba. Bend over and he will initiate you to your new home. And he will reintroduce himself on a daily basis.

Tough guy will  find out soon enough.....

You're a cretin. Here's to Prison Justice. They watch the news, too. And they'd like nothing better than to butcher you for what you did and thus gain some notoriety. They already have nothing to lose.

and how do people not want the death penalty for damaged garbage like this????

Why wasn't he executed?

Life? Get the rope!

Instead of 'Killer" on his shirt I would think it would be more appropriate if it said "Prison W-hore" since that is likely what he will be in the near future.

Another Ritalin addled Manchurian canidate be given more media attention then he deserves, this is sure to inspire futre sensless acts of violence. Responsible reporting is just to much to ask

This fool is going to find out how tough he is NOT very soon.  He'll be whimpering like a little girl in the slam when he meets the real tough guys.I hope this little tard eats the end of a shank to his kidney and dies slow while in prison. #$%$ of the earth should be denied air to breathe

They have televisions in prison.  The prison population will know of his *attitude* and help him to adjust it accordingly.  Also, you have to understand that many of the men inside prison have children that go to school.  So they will see his actions as a threat against children like their own.

Totally unrepentant. He's like a throwback to James Cagney in Public Enemy.

He is not big enough to hold off all of those lovers coming his way. And yea, they are killers too...

Hope he enjoys being someone's girlfriend.

Execute the SOB!

hes gonna get raped in the butt and mouth.

Only 18 and to spend his entire life in prison... what a waste of life.It's punks like this one who never get it we live in a society as corrupt and decaying it might be but with laws to be observed, hadn't it be for these laws it would be total anarchy. You decide to break these laws (and like in his case go on a rampage and kill people), you pay for your actions. Good thing this killer won't breathe again as a free man.

He might be defiant now, but he doesn't get to take the .22 caliber pistol to prison.  And looking at him, I'd say he's going to need that and a whole lot more to keep Bubba and the boys from pimping him out. He'll be a beatch and used like one for the rest of his life.  He's got years of abuse, being used and abused, sex with dozens and dozens of men (maybe at one time) and then he'll die from AIDS in prison. So he might feel bold and bad now, but let's check in with him in about two years.  let's see how defiant the little beatch is by then.

White people be crazy anymore.article fails to mention on purpose what was the cause for his planned attack on specific targets and why he still feels vindicated.   typical yahoo

He should not be happy going to prision.  He will probably commit suicide, due to the abuse.

If he thinks that's obscene, he's going to hate shower time in prison. He's not gonna walk straight ever again!

Life in prison works for me--it will be much tougher on him than the death penalty. Personally I think the parents should go with him--kids like that don't just pop up out of nowhere..God only knows what was done to him to make him that angry.

I wonder how he leans politically. It is sad, but most school shooters are left winged gooneybirds.

Why the hell do they keep mentioning Sandy Hook?

Always have to mention Newton. And he also did not use an AR-15....hhhmmmm, banning handguns seems more logical. But, logic doesn't play well with Liberals.I suggest we take him out back and put him out of his misery, just like a rabid dog.

Cut the finger off. Lets get back to barbaric punishment, maybe then we wont have so much crime.

He's a real tough guy right now.  Let's see how tough he is when he becomes "Bubba's Beoch" in prison.  He'll cry like a little baby and beg for his Mommy.

Wow... not only did he kill 3 people and wound 3 people but then he insults them during his sentencing hearing.  I wonder how tough he will be in prison.Shoot him,  I`ll pay for the bullet.

just saw this lil prick smiling as the victims families made their voices heard after sentencing... he will not make it in prison, hope its a lil hell for him!

He should get the same thing he did to those he killed... DEATH......... but a painful one that takes hours....

He hasnt tasted  hard time in a real prison yet,Mr. tough guy is in for a rude awakening . Hasta la visita PUNK

In Texas if you kill someone we just kill you back!  - Ron WhiteIn Texas if we have three independent witnesses who saw you kill someone then your death penalty is expedited.  Now many states are getting rid of the death penalty.......we just put in an express lane!  Ron White

After this he'll have to write all his messages on the BACK of his undershirts!...

Thank God for common sense for once from our senate. Despite all media and liberal efforts to try convincing everyone that we are for these new gun laws. They could not even get the so called assault weopon ban out of committee. Time to get serious about stopping these horrific killings. By a vote of the peoples elected senators we say: The answer is NOT stomping on our constitutional rights!

I want you to think about this. Liberal / progressives insist that this monster not be put to death. Yet an innocent child can be aborted for any or no reason at all. Think about that.

How much of our national debt can we pay down if we just execute these #$%$ instead of paying billions keeping them alive??

This attack was pre-meditated. The MAIN stipulation for a capital offense. This young psycho should be 6 feet under right now.and why do the liberals want to do away with the death penalty?  Oh yeah, to buy more minority votes instead of doing whats actually good for the country.

TREND?  Does there exist a trend among some young male adolesents or adults in our society towards the propensity of violence to commit multiple mayhem and death?  Intervention of troubled families with such youths if necessary with a court orders, social workers and law enforcement to followup troublesome and delinquent offenders with the big question of the possession of firearms in the home?  These are the surrounding issues for which society does not wish to incur cost only after a multiple murder spree? Appears that a chain or succession of aberrant identifiable behaviors precede such events?  It is all at a cost for which the greater society appears not willing to bear the additional expenses of custodial juvenile detention and care of troubled youths?

Killer.."Huh" ....In Prison His New T-Shirt Will Read D-Block "Trick" $20.  Or Carton Cigaretts Buys You Full Access .....

With that attitude he's going to be hell on wheels for the guards and I bet he's dead within the year - tick off one of the hard*** dudes and you don't get a prize, you get a shank.

If only they would have stricter GUN Control Laws...... They could have prevented thi....wait.. he was 17, he wasn't old enough to legally own a gun, he must have stolen it.   That's CORRECT, the LAW that already exists, didn't keep this gun out of the hands of a criminal!

Let us pray this poor lost child can rehabilitate from his stay in the correctional institute, not,hope this punk gets his #$%$ kicked and pumped on a daily basis...............................

Proud, proud parents.

Another Blue-Stater. You dummies will pay over 8 million dollars to keep him housed, fed, and supplied with medical care, cable TV, game room, etc. for the next 60 years.

Why isn't he frying?Pretend he's a Black Youth...that will get him the death penalty.

These terrible shootings are now normal.Its sad to say they never give the reason why the person done what he did they just point out mental or mass killer.But when you look at the politicians it really makes you wonder a twenty two pistol suddenly becomes an asault weapon.Where is the baseball bats,golf clubs,shovels,rolling pins,butcher knifes,sticks and rocks.If were going to ban asault weapons we need to ban them all.

Whats the reasoning behind keeping these pukes alive? I don't get it.

Why do we keep putting murders in jail and feeding them for life with my tax dollars for life.The punishment does not fit THE CRIME.HOW MANY DOES HE HAAVE TO KILL TO DIE

Life sentence is not the answer, but the death sentence would work just fine .Why throw these cold blooded killers in prison for life.What a waste of money, Food, security, housing, and medical. Were not doing the victims famlies any good, give the families closure..Get rid of the dirt bag.

Another fine byproduct of big pharma drugs toxic effects on the mind.

what the 45 year olds of today do not realize is   this is the generation that is going to take care of you when you are 30 years older, do you think that the me generation is going to do a good job? How will they know compassion if someone does not teach them..

So where were  "Killer's" parents? Or did they just decide the PR was just to tough to take? Nothing like chickening out on what your kid did and then misssing the finale now is there?No attempt on the parents to apologize/ no parental denunciation? Zip, Nada, NOTHING? Not present when he loaded up his 22, Not present in court? Not present at his sentencing?Maybe there is a correlation? Oh well it's a little to late now. Sincerely hope he enjoy shis stay,hope it is abbreviated by someone just as  sociopathic as he is saves tax dollars that way.

As was the case with Richard Ramirez (The Night Stalker) no doubt there will be some woman in the courtroom who thinks, "OMG, what a MAN," and later marries him.

The Bros know exactly how to make him pay. Child killers are garbage in the slam, these guys have kids too...

I think that the obscene gesture was somewhat appropriate considering that he's getting ready to have many, MANY obscene "gestures" forced upon him.#$%$

As long as kids under 18 know they will not get the death sentence then this will happen. I believe in public hangings for this type of crime. At least if you are going to let him live shoot him and let him know the pain those kids felt.

Wonder if old dad taught the little tyke to shoot a gun ?  Father and son bonding and shooting.  It's the American way !

Tell me again why Americans make prisoners get butt f'd as part of their sentences?

See if we banned all guns, crazy people, gang bangers and all crime would stop, wouldn't it?

Hey Colorado, did you read this article. He only used 10 rounds, 5 less than your new 15 round magazine law!!!!.  Remember to pistols one in left hand and one in right hand = 30 rounds, guess he could of put 10+ more people down.

Stop playing with this type of criminal.Punish them. Blind them and shatter their eardrums. Create a real prison for them!

Why are Kids Today...More Violent....then they were back in the 60's, 70's &amp; 80's???

He will not live long in prison.

Let's stop and frisk people who look like this nut bag. After all most mass murders look like this POS!This pretty boy will become someone's little #$%$ real quick.

Why in God's name do we keep rewarding these killers with something they denied their victims...life. Put these #$%$ down like the rabid dogs they are, it is no longer about compassion but it is about justice.

Yet another example where Gun Control would have stopped yet another senseless tragedy, but since gun owner have no sense, we will continue to have senseless gun tragedies.Gun Control = The Right Answer

He got what he deserved, another of our youth violent and callous.  I dont know his past but I would guess, it included violent video games. I also bet his family life was a mess.

might as well get used to these kind of punks that the GOP thinks should always be able to get a gun... guess they have to have their own children cut to pieces before they get a brain

He better hope that the prison supplies him with a whole lot of K-Y Jelly.

Americans!! Let us go back into the country we were born out of:  He has killed. Kill him back. Let us go Biblical 'an eye for an eye... .'  Don't let the cowards in charge of our nation (the idiot in the whitless house and the dumbocrats that saddle up to him-fore they don't believe in America or God) let him slide. I'm not looking for cruel and unusual for him--just shoot him.

I love the media..."teen" when he is 18....he is an adult.

It was a "Gun-Free Zone" wasn't it? I thought that was supposed to protect the kids from nuts like this guy. At least that's what the mentally ill anti-2nd-Amendment extremists think.

The entire rest of his life just went to he-- and he is smug. LOL Wait about 10 years and see how smug he is.i am wondering if he was taking prozac along with all the other mass murders recently.  Can anyone find out.  My guess most these guys are on zoloft, or prozac and they probably take some other recreational drug on top of that.  Of course, the media doesn't want to pointout the important facts.

One of the mothers called him a monster. He's no monster. He's a cockroach.

"A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips."Why is this ^ even in the article?  I want to believe that the media is just reporting the news and doesn't have an agenda, then I see this #$%$.  Just report the *&amp;$#@ news!

Frequently children that are extremely intelligent have a hard time fitting in and have a difficult time socializing with others causing all kinds of issues.  It's unfortunate that his parents weren't involved enough to be concerned about whatever was going on with their son and get him help before it came to this, it's obvious that he didn't get this way over night.

Only in the us dumb of a is an idiot like this allowed to open his mouth to rant foul profanity and wear a t shirt that spells out "killer" who are the morons who allowed this in a courthouse??? Another "only in america"   such stupidity is never  allowed to happen anywhere else but here folks

LOVE the consecutive sentences.Lots of times I've seen judges hand out concurrent sentences, and the dirt bag walks serving less than 20 years. Having said that, when there's no doubt in a murder case, the perp should be put down.Hey T.J., I hope you like wet sloppy kisses from Bubba.

This guy should DIE!!! Liberal Fools

I wonder if he owned that gun.  I bet not.  Therefore all this gun control legislation is not going to solve the problem.  It's mental health issues that need to be addressed.  He's obviously sick.  THanks goodness he'll be put away.

oh just kill the #$%$!! quit wasting money on people like this to keep them alive..or wait, better yet just put them into a high security labor force and make them work slave labor for the rest of his life and use the profits from the work to pay for his sorry #$%$!

Yep there's a couple hundred guys lining up to sign on as his Proctologist.Evil any question it exist?

when innocent bystanders are shot and killed, gun advocates just say they were in the wrong place at the wrong time.

As a parent, how could you NOT jump over the railing and strangle the life out of that little turd?

Why keep this person in jail on our tax dollar.This non-human showed no remorse, no responsibility and then lashes out in profanity at the families and the court room!! Death by lethal injection, period!

"ineligible for the death penalty."  what a shame.

Justice Served!

"Raped in prison" will be his epitaph.

A person like that should have been marched out of court and into a death chamber with no stopping. Yrs. from now he could appeal  and have the families go through this all over.

what did Newtown Conn have to do with this and why was it mentioned?

"This story has been corrected to fix headline to show gesture was made before sentence imposed"The version I read still included references to Newtown, a completely unrelated case.  I'm all for gun control, but references to Sandy Hook do nothing to explain this story.I hope Bubba and all his friends give him a wonderful greeting in the shower...and every night for the rest of him life...

When a 300 lb. guy named Shirley gets him by the ears, he'll wish he got death.

The prison should auction off the right to be his cellie for the next year. Then divide up the auction proceeds with the family. Then do it again every year.

Seriously what is up with Ohio?

So... do we really believe that a gun law is really going to stop or prevent this from happening again?  Who does?  Anyone?  Raise your hand...

His next shirt will read,SEX TOY!!!!

Lazy union-jailers in ohio where was the search, any jailer who let this man in and make that statement written on clothes should be termenated immediatley, for the diservce of american and ohio justice system!!!!!!!!!!

funny how his family life isn't discussed... just past shhotings to inflame the gun control nuts..... ok libs, answer me this question... will criminals go get enhanced background checks before they break into your home to steal your guns? and what is the current deal with chicago? gun free city that is the gun murder capital of America

we outsource everything else, i believe acts of this magnitude warrant being heldin a prison worthy of dealing with persons of this ilk. a cell in siberia may be appropriate.i will chip in for his transportation costs.

What happened to this kid to make him so evil? Nobody has brought up that question. No excuse for his actions. A very high price to pay of life imprisonment for such a young man. He will become worse, while living in a prison with like social waste.We need public executions. This would have been an ideal case for it.

The sentence won't stand for those under 18 years of age cannot be sentenced to life without parole so says the SCOTUS ! So it will be changed one day to life with the chance of parole at some point .

With early parole,  hell be out in 15

"T.J. Lane, 18, who wore a white T-shirt with "killer" handwritten on the front during the sentencing"i hope he is brave enough to wear "kid killer" on his prison garbs. there are some very sensitive loving fathers who are both guards and prisoners, who won't appreciate him very much. i hope they torture the Sh1t out of this punk.we really should just fry this stupid POS. just for wearing that shirt!! let alone for killing innocent people.

Liberals love to defend the putrid evil filth that plagues this world. They are why he exists at all.

He best find a sheet and a top bunk to tie it to.

March Madness:Young Fool w No Future!Now your life is in the hands, of Bubba &amp; Half-Dead!

This POS is never going to be hurt by so called bubba or any other inmate in prison system.....he will be in protective custody for his whole life...they don't want another Jeffrey Dahmer lawsuit happening again....so get that idea out of your heads...tax payers are gong to pay dearly to keep him safe....

This is scary - he looks just like those white boys in our neighborhood. They seem nice enough but these white folk are - apparently - upset about something.

People who do this are probably Libras: passive-aggressive rage is the last resort for these non-confrontational types. I wonder where the Sun, Moon and Ascendant fall on these killers' birthcharts?I'd take a hit out on him if killed one of my kids.  They don't even investigate prison murders, so it's easy to get away with it.

My question is: Where are his parents and what do they have to say about this?

Why is this the statement our children are making? Why aren't they choosing to do good?

let the #$%$ raping begin.

don't be so sure he will have it rough in prison.  Not as many assaults as you think.  Ohioans can know there tax dollars are providing him three meals and cable tv every day.  I don't even have cable.

3 life sentences to be served consecutively. I hope that means no possibility of parole on any of those. He wants to make a name for himself obviously and has to act out to keep his name in the spotlight. He won't think its so fun after 10 years in the slammer staring another 50 in the eye. Never let him see the light of day again.

Shame they couldn't put a bullet in his head right then and there !

He'll find out that even men can be double penetrated and triple penetrated.

they should have cut off his finger and shoved it up his a.then they should have ripped his tounge out with a pliers to teach him some manners. after he recuperated from his learning aids they could shoot him. at his age do you realize how much tax money it will take just to feed him.

I hope the little jerk gets his butt pounded in there the rest of his life!$46000.00 a year to keep him in prison,Three meals a day,A warm bed, tv and all the other perks in there ,and he can learn all the laws of the land .Why,and others are dead and families torn apart knowing he is still living.Because he is only 17, THINK 3 life spans without parole .Maybe justice will be done in there.

just a step away from his death once he hits the big house.

Should just bring him to the vets and have him put to sleep

He does not deserve to live, to be supported by taxpayers for what may be a long life in prison. Better to execute him now!

I bet some of those lifers are salivating thinking about new blood coming to their cell block. Bet he learns to play drop the soap real fast. He won't be such a smart&amp;ss then.

I'm suprised he didn't plead not guilty to troll more.

And now his life is a waste

The death penalty is too good for people like this. I hope he lives to be 100, living in pain and misery every day.

After life in prison, he will go to meet his maker in the final judgement !I suspect he will have an attitude change before then.Otherwise he can expect an eternal sentence !

The first time he get's "punked" by the "boys" he will be screaming and crying like a baby, but nobody gonna come "hep" him. He will probably be dead in 5 yearsLife in prison - 3 square meals, a roof over his head, free health care, free college, don't have to worry about retirement, and all basic needs taken care of. What are you people so happy about? This loser may live better than most poor people in the country. If he was gay, he would be living BETTER than alot of people in the US.

what was his motive?I'm just curious....would rather that be in the story than the unrelated sandy hook shooting.

Well, if you think about it... he's set for life now. No need to worry about a finding a job, paying bills, seeking and maintaining relationships; no, all he has to do is just hang out and wait to die... oh, and we're paying for it too.My deepest condolences to the families affected by this tragedy.

so since he used a handgun within the 10 round limit what does that say? all these new laws are #$%$. wont change anything these kids are sick but until 1/4 of the population takes part in these attacks ill never except taking the rights away from the 90 percent America that will never pick up a gun to kill anyone. also bravo on talking about newton in every shooting even if it has no basis in this...oh wait he used an #$%$ault rifle...oh wait nope he didn't so why was newtown mentioned? the media wants you to believe that anyone of us at any point can snap which is simply not true. a very VERY small section of America has done these acts so lets use our heads and not start another 9/11 panic attack. "make us feel safe again take away our rights" if your willing to give them up then do so and move your happy ungreatful #$%$ over to England, the land of hypocrites and people who wouldn't know the first thing about freedom or liberty.

Just another gun-nut gone bad.....

little #$%$ will find out soon enough

he looks scared sh!tless

Why couldnt this have happened in Texas?  This punk would be taken care of the same way he took from those innocent people he murdered, and save the tax payers money.

Why does he get to live?  This is the problem.  We are going to spend way too much money to keep him alive with no chance of ever having a life again.  Pointless   He didn't give the victims a choice did he?  Why does he have rights now?

Big man now.  I'm predicting not so big this time next year.I hope he has alot of ky jelly because his new roomates just love nice young male butts.I also hope he gets the opportunity to experience the really big fat ones as hes made to squeel like a pig, just like in the movie Deliverance.

Ah yes...his first encounter in the big house as a tough guy...."bend over killer, let me fill you full of lead"

Great, give him the fame media.

Man,All that Bravado that he displayed even while he was being sentenced,will probably be pounded out of him when he enters the Prison where his toughness will be put to the real test.

Why didn't the judge order him to cover up? He has no rights to freedom of speech on this one.

I hope this little b*stard never see the light of day in freedom again.  And I hope DAILY his little butt hurts like crazy

I hope that smirk gets ripped off his face...

Sounds like the devil got a hold on this kid.

I don't see a motive mentioned. My first question when I hear stuff like this is "Why?!"

does it say where and how he got the gun?Since they aren't going to kill the kid, I say he should be put in a place where they can watch him 24/7 and find out why he did this.  They need to dig inside this psycho's mind.

His parents must be so proud. What must have happened in his life for him to turn out this way. Matbe he is just evil

This skinny little punk won't be laughing for long. After his 15 minutes are up, there won't be anybody in his life that will put up with any smug 'tude from this scrawny weakling. He won't last long thinking he is a badass after going to prison.

By not holding the parents responsible for letting their spawn get hold of guns, they allow other ignorant, uneducated owners repeat the performance. At least the Newtown shooter took out the supplier of his weapons !! You want guns and yet want none of the responsibilities that come with them.

Deserves the death penalty.Needed a gun to be tough, and aparently still believes he is tough.He will soon find out how tough his skinny lettle self isn't.

I empathize with the mother quoted in this story highly, but I also advise her to try and let go of the memories of this murderer you do.  Don't wish ill upon him in angst, focus on the memories of your lost child which in time will allow you to remember with enlightenment rather then hate in anger.  Don't allow this murderer to ruin any more of your life then he already has.  In time, you will reach a peaceful place of acceptance of the loss of your deeply beloved child.  I wish you the best.

How many laws would need to be passed to make someone like him not kill?

the families victims should be able to watch and listen to this little pis sant's crying and pleading when he's ash raped daily. Enjoy it piece of sheet!

Do reporters have to bring up Newtown EVERY SINGLE TIME guns or any shooting is mentioned? Good lord enough of the biased agenda

his shirt should have said "LOSER"blame the parents.....always....

If a 17-year old feels no remorse for something as heinous as this, there is a high likelihood that he'll never feel remorse for anything.  The law is the law, so, the death penalty doesn't apply (rather unfortunate, but that's just my opinion) - but I sure hope that his jail stay is so unpleasant, that one day, he may actually feel remorse for the victims and their families - not just the fact that he got punished for what he did.  He probably won't, though.  He seems like an extreme sociopath.

need to put 10 bullets in him an call it aday an save taxpayers lots of money

He gonna have underwear that reads OPEN..

His next tittle will be  Bubba's #$%$

Kim Palmer , the authoress of this, seems to be auditioning for ma'am Feinstiens staff,,,not just once , but several times she had to tell us about Newtown and Pres Obama and anti gun legislation ,,,,, I also would like to find out what criteria she was TOLD to use to use the term "mass shootings"

The more I hear about Ohio, the less I like it.

Let's see how tough this arrogant punk is the first time he drops the soap in the showers

Another tough guy. Let's see how you do in prison, sweet cheeks.

Did he give any reason for committing this crime?.. He is young, they will have a good time gang-banging him there!  Serves him right!Why do we keep this #$%$ alive? Save oxygen and the yearly cost of his prison care with killing this piece of work. Take him out and shoot it.

Man...he's just a kid.  How did he get so messed up?

need to bring back the death penalty full force&gt; I know we have it but it is seldom used. If we know they did the crime hang them put the fear of god in these people let them know we will kill you back. Life in jail is easy you get 3 square meals a day and no harsh labor. Either make them work or put them down. We wonder why our prisons are over crowded.

he has nothing to lose. why not!!

Pass all the gun laws you want Obama, doesnt fix or change POS like this kid and others like him. Guns arent the problem, people are.

The only one getting punished here is the taxpayer.  They will have to KEEP him for 70 years!

I hope they put him in the general population and we will see then, how much of a killer he is. What a hateful monster.

He will have one mutilated butt orifice in prison:)

When he goes to prison, he'll have to choose to be either the husband or the wife. LOL!

with that attitude the horror is about to come for this youngster.He will be killing in there, with 6.5 fellow inmates as "roommates".

We need to bring public executions back.

What happening to the youth of this country? It seems like the parents and education have been failing them. Why don't we make the parents of a teenage delinquent accountable for their kids action. In this particular case - death for him and stiff fine or prison for the parents.

wonder how long it will be before he will be Miss TJ Lang

damaged goods

too much gray are for adult/child charges,  you either are a kid or a adult ...at 16 you cant smoke or drink a beer but you can get charged as a adult, at 18 you can join the military and die though but not drink on american soil , crazy america

That little boy is gonna be some sweet meat for one lucky prisoner.

Why do we see the need to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to clothe, feed, care, educate, entertain people in cases like this?

Let the anal gang rapes by men with HIV, hepatitis, herpes, syphilis begin. I'll put five hundred dollars on anyones books in that prison upon confirmation you were gang raped...think I'll have a hard time finding volunteers?

Can't wait until this dude gets to prison and finds out it is his turn in the barrel--WooHooAmoral killers are born without a moral compass!!

Show no mercy.....he didn't.......what a punk....

Kill him now.. Give his organs to someone who values life.

Wait till he gets to prison and gives old Bubba the finger.  Bubba will show him what it means

This little twerp will be at the mercy of some huge mean tattooed freaky bodybuilders who will torture him throughout his life.

The nasty little thing didn't have the guts to put a bullet in his own head (that's what these pathetic monsters are supposed to do,..isn't it?).  Hopefully, its life will be short and we won't have to house and feed it for too long.

Another reason for the death penalty.  He should be hung this week in front of the whole town.  Then burn his body in the streets and wash the ashes down the storm sewer.

I predict lots of alternative lifestyle changes for this flimsy fish.  Lets see what you have to say in 5 years boy when your brown eye is bigger than your mouth

One wonders, if he was a football player would people be defending him and bemoaning how his life has been ruined?

hes gonna be tyrones #$%$ in the pen....Kid you are really f-ked you're just too stupid to know it,forever is a real long time.

well his roomate will be BUBBA!!! but he will never see him cause he will be face down

This trash need to be disposed of. I hope to god he never breeds. Makes me wonder what the hell his parents are like to raise a monster like this.

keep a very firm grip on that soap.

Please keep us updated on his health and vitality in prison!!

Id like to hear it, him getting butt bumped and cry like a little girl. Sick piece of poop gets some sort of life which is more then his victims get. Unpopulate our prisons. Kill the killers. Cut off the sexual deviants privates, cut off the thiefs hands, AN EYE FOR AN EYE.

Some liberal cannot wait to start writing him love letters when he is in prison. Hoping to marry  him.

The media hysteria and reporter's shock-inspiring sensatonalism over these incidents such as this one ..."- Lane was taken into custody shortly after the attack and confessed to firing 10 rounds from a .22-caliber pistol at the students in the cafeteria."...shouldn't lead to this ..."...leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips ...... that's just O'DUMBO !!

this is what the country gets for taking the Bible and Prayer to God of our Lord Jesus Christ out of the school systems of America and courts.....you reap what you sow in life....you deny God ,He will deny you....

We can't execute these murdering pieces of #$%$ why ?  Because they have not learned by 17 years of age that murder is the most cowardly, despicable crime anyone can commit ? Bullfeathers I say - I would have no problem dropping the hammer on this punk and possibly saving future lives and taxpayer dollars - How many years before some liberal judge or parole board lets him loose ?  Because he's "rehabilitated" ? Or because bleeding hearts win again ?DEAD KID WALKING.... he won't last long in prison. unless he gets "special" treatment.  just throw him to the wolves!!

He is 18 can, vote is considered an adult. Death should be the sentence....you can't rehab a murderer.

Lanes gonna be popular in the shower, after hours poker parties, late night dates--- the whole she-bang

March Madness:This Cocky Mother-Fa-Ya!Is going to Meet his Match, behind those Prison Walls. He got to Deal with Lifers just like him, the only thing is they been there 20 yrs, already &amp; is Looking &amp; Wanting some "Fresh Young Meat" &amp; You're it my Friend.Tell Bubba &amp; Half-Dead as they take turns on your Axs!Easy Greasy!

Liberals want to disarm the public but won't touch the trash the media and entertainment industry's fixation on the macabre.

He looks like Obama's son.  Obama is half white after all.

This guy is going to get turned out in prison. They will break him in a matter of 'seconds' and then his reality will be reveal.

he should have been in shackles, gagged, and wearing an orange jumpsuit.  so taxpayers have to support this piece of excrement for he rest of his life.  this is justice?

Death Penalty Poster Punk.

At least the legal system took the nutcase off the street, even tho it was the guns faultA good question:  How did our society create such an damning example of an individual????  I leave you to search your "learned minds" to devise an accurate answer.

Jusr wait until he experiences his first day. Three seconds later he'll be crying like a baby. Then he will become a greek convert.

With his age and youthful face, God help him in prison.

I hope he stock piled Preparation H while he was in jail. He's going to need a ton of it real soon now.

If he couldn't get guns this would not have happened. Simple.

Criminals cost the taxpayer if they are in jail/prison or in the community. $100,000. to try to prevent their crimes, catch them, provide their trail and legal expenses (police, administration, lab testing, even more street lights etc). After found guilty $100,000. per year to keep them in prison. There are so many things more worthy of that money.

Why do the writers of these articles feel compelled to mention Sandy Hook in EVERY article?

Young Meat.....trying to be a BA.....He will get his in prison!!He will wish he lived in Florida where we have "Old Sparky"

How sad that we don't have the ability to eliminate scourge like this quickly, like ripping a bandaid off.

10 bucks says he finds religion, says he's changed, and wants a new trial.  As soon as he can sit down again in prison, which might be never by the looks of him.Let us see if he makes the same gestures, although the dirty talk will be welcomed, when his cell mates Tyron, Donk, and Bubba start to party in his #$%$ and make him drink the goowey children juices, over &amp; over &amp; over for life.

No assault weapon, no story.

How many game points was he awarded?

Where did he get th gun from? A legal gun mysteriously ends up in a kids hand again

Being stoned to death should be legal form of capital punishment. This kid deserves nothing more than rocks thrown at his head.

Banning guns will not stop psychopaths like this. Law-abiding citizens need guns in order to protect themselves from criminals and insane individuals with violent tendencies. If it's not a gun, it's a knife, bow, baseball bat, hammer, fertilizer bomb, etc.... People that want to take another life will find a way, whether there are guns or not. Again, guns serve as a measure of protection for the vast, vast majority of Americans. Very few use them as an offensive measure. I don't know why this is such a difficult fact to understand.

I wonder how many more killers we would have out there if we hung #$%$ like this excrementicious piece of work in an iron cage in front of the court building to die a slow and painful death from exposure and thirst for all to see. Just wondering out loud...

Killer of butt's maybe

"Lane's attack in February 2012 was one of several mass shootings in the United States last year, including a massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut December...A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips."What does any of that have to do with this story, other than to serve as an emotional goad to further the "journalist's" Liberal political views regarding gun control?

Ohio is full of nutty democrat LIBs ---------they never say where the kids get the weapons from

i wonder whose biotich he'll be? let's see how tough he is... if i was a betting man, i say he'll kill himself in less than 6 months

Unfortunately, this is only the tip of the social ill iceberg for our society.  As priorities in the USA have changed over the 50 years we have witnessed a decline in social skills, parenting skills and a rise in violence.It used to be a family dinner or reunion would provide the majority of learning experiences for our youth.  Now it is any number of cable channels or websites, many of which are totally void of any appropriate learning opportunities where youth spend hours each day.The vast majority of families in the US now have both parents working full time jobs to provide the basics for their family.  Where is a kid to learn basic social skills?  Please, it is not the responsibility of the schools to teach in this area.  Schools are a place for kids to try out what they learn, nothing more.If this young fellow learned this behavior from home, maybe his parents should have also been tried and found guilty.  Odds are his parents both work and hoped their son was growing up properly.  They probably did the best they could do, like millions of other parents.This is only the tip of the iceberg.

I guess you people gave me the thumbs down for wantting the rapest charged as adults ,agree with this kid being charged as an adult,oh thats right hes not a star football player

yay...so now our tax dollars get to take care of this shizzhead for 60 years at a price of about 30,000 a year...so, close to two million, and what do we get in the end?...yes, a dead criminal...here is an idea, skip to the end, shoot his face off right now, and save the taxpayers 2 mil...in fact, all these heinous crimes where the criminals are young (less than 40) and the sentencing is life, should just be butchered, and we could save a ton of money...oh and rapists too...whether or not you get life or whatever...if you rape someone and are proven guilty then you get your head cut off (the little one), and are left to bleed out and die...I would bet my life that after the first year of doing these things we would see no rapes (and maybe some respect towards women from these shizzfaced little punks that i see every day), insanely sharp decreases in violent crimes, and a much safer environment for our children.

If the Justice system was more severe and democrats hadn't all but abolished the death penalty these crimes would not happen or these young tough punks who really don't even know about life would be stopped at an early age--but these lame kids and their parents think that adults can't do anything and the laws back them up--until this happens!

Violent actions=violent consequence ..1 appeal, then death.we no longer have time or resource to rehabilitate all the trash on this planet. It would be a tragedy if taxpayers keep this person living long enough  for him to reproduce.we can only hope he gets violently dispatched by slime just like him..

well take this to heart you can ban the so called assault weponsbecause of how they look we have hunting rifles that shoot the same bullets and this kid did it with a 22 we shoot cows dead in the packing house with a 22 so what is the point of the assault ban they use what they have

Why do they have to bring Sandy Hook into this?  Why bring up Obama's "Mean Looking Weapons" ban.  This was a .22 pistol with a 10 shot magazine months befor Sandy Hook. I guess that is why it got so little coverage.  .22 pistols dont help Democrats push their agenda.

How much for a bullet?  Then dump him in the river.His p()()p chute will be the sie of a cannon by the time he hits 30

MURDERER?  Once again?  Mentally defective, lack of parenting, defiance to authority, aggressive open hostility towards others and who gave or allowed this individual possession to a weapon? Where did the chain of custody get lost with a dangerous weapon?  Will the true owner of the weapon step forward?

what the hell does Newtown have to do with poorly written article?  This author is desperate

And tell me.....why did the reporter feel the need to add in the part about Sandy Hook? Are they related in some way? I don't think so...just a feeble attempt to dogpile on the "gun grabbers" the liberal fanatics. The pistol this shooter had, can in no way be confused with an AR type "assault rifle". Rather; it points to the fact that this type of event has nothing whatsoever to do with gun types...it has to do with freaks who thirst for certain power over their peers! You want to ban something, ban tornados, earthquakes, tsunamis!

FREE ZIMMY

The citizenry needs to end "catch and release" on these crazies and criminals.  Profile 'em.

Oh great, we get to feed and house this #$%$ for the next 60-70 years.  How many millions is that gonna cost tax payers, all the while he has better health care than 50% of the usa population.

Seems like it's now time to charge his parents with something. Clearly they did a terrible job raising him...

Why does the media continuously add Sandy Hook to any story about schools or firearms?Anytime they do a story about a building or aircraft, they don't mention 9/11 at the end.I guess it's because they're not trying to outlaw planes but they are trying to outlaw firearms.

Just HAD to throw all that Sandy Hook nonsense into this article, huh?It is clear that politicians need to step in here and ban high schools. We need more legislative action on this now!

Up to now he just been in county jail, he gonna get punked in prison. Fool

Ah... good ole' white youth.

Another billion dollar man, why do we keep these people around forever?

Another idiot with a gun that found video games boring and went for the real thing.

Sad, someone looking for attention in the worst way.  Hope he can survive the attention he will get in prison.

Three life terms plus 37 yrs whats the point of time already served.His actions in court shows lack of respect he needs mental help ASAP while in prison has any one even know why.

Bubba will be waiting for you tough guy.

He will probably kill himself in prison.

Somebody please shoot this piece of cc#$%$.  Shoot a limb off everyday till there is nothing left.  Kill the parents and the dog too.With the extreme harsh prison life and the stress that comes with iton a day in and day out basis he'll be lucky if he lives to 65.Hopefully some inmate gets a hold of him first though and uses a shank on him.

He will pay for eternity

send him to an all gay masochistic prison for boy with tight but ts, maybe that will take the smile off his face or not

T.J.Lanes back door is blocked by Bubbas "administrator."

This little punk will change his expression come shower time in the slammer.

His new T-shirt will read "PILLOWBITER."

And he got all the publicity he could have ever dreamed for. Some things are just better unreported.

Our prison system will place him in solitary for his own safety. He'll have TV and warm food. A bed. No justice at all here.

The Tea Party would embrace him.

Even in an article about something like this,  the right-wingers are bringing up politicalthings........sad, very very sad.  It must be terrible to be so filled with hate, and so lacking of intelligence.Tell Bubba I said hello!

He will be loved (on) for many years.

This young man has no conscience. It's scary that our nation is producing more and more of these people. Gun control laws won't stop a person who has no conscience.

I just don't get it - 6 years ago, he was only 10 - a kid - what the heck happened in 6  years that he became so godless, heartless and a killer?

He will be someones lady very soon!! See how he likes that!

Obviously, this boy is not normal. The question we should ask is: what is wrong in our society to the extent that such a monster human being can be produced? Could it be the lack of discipline in our schools? We are encouraging the middle- and high-schoolers to do anything they like under the guise of freedom and we now wonder why we are seeing more monsters being made out of them.

Wow. Talk about throwing a promising life away. Condolences to the families and students affected. I hope he finds what he's looking for in the pokey. He'll have a long time to look.

hang him.

Is this what we have taught our children. To be cold ruthless killers without remorse.Where did we go wrong. What happened to the old days with just a fist fight,a bloody nose and bruised ego.

Serious question:  With a few exceptions, why are most of these mass shooters men?  I am female, so of course, I can't see this from a male perspective.  (And this isn't a criticism of the male gender.  It is, in fact, something I'm curious about.)good sentence, death penalty would be to easy way out, hope they put him with some big neegas to nurture him, with lots of father milk

Cocky little turd isn't he. lol   How fast is that going to be corrected once he walks in the big house. Faster than you can say KILLER I bet.

A bad man did a bad thing? Oh my...He used a gun? Oh my...Ten rounds? Oh my.... SOMEONE INFORM MS. FEINSTEIN TEN ROUNDS IS TOO MANY.THEN we can make a law banning murder.That should fix things.And The Suckers Never Catch Wise.FORWARD!... over the cliff ...

He will be busted open like a piata in prison.

What is Ohio doing to create such horribly apathetic and moral-less children?!

I hope the hard-core guys behind the wall at the prison to where he is going were watching this.  They will straighten this punk out in about 2 minutes.

Wait until Bubba bends him over.

He won't think he's so tough when he gets to prison. Those other inmates with have a field day. I hope you rot in hell.

Hey killer now you have the rest of your life to think about what you did have fun rotting ignorant #$%$ wipe

lil prick is feeling cocky now.  I hope the constant sound of steel doors clanging drives him insane. ...and always check your mash potato's for....I hope he likes being someones #$%$ for life.

I hope he has a good time tonight being somebody's little girl in prison.  Idiot...

The cop behind him looks like he's about to beat the @$%* out of him!!

I think people should sympathies with this poor misunderstood child--NOT!!!!

Why is he still alive? Are we now so 'morally advanced' we cannot kill a murderous nutter?

Nice to see him acting all "hard" cause he's about to experience some "hard" livin once he meets Bubba &amp; co.

Hopefully he will be getting a Bubba enema on  a daily basis.

Please, God, make sure he is housed with the general prison population!

What the heck is going on in Ohio?

If was a dad of one of the victims I would pay someone in the prison to put him out of his misery.The so called 'killer' is asking for his butt hole to be stuffed!!

I heard Bubba loves Killers

This is what America is raising.... MONSTERS.  Spoiled brat MONSTERS.  Give me give me or else I'll shoot you generation.

The death penalty exists and is appropriate for evil "human beings" like this. It's too bad taxpayers will now have to pay for him for life...hopefully a fellow inmate takes him out (slowly and painfully) to lessen the bill. Prayers to the family of those killed and injured.

Chit for Brains.

that little #$%$ will be crying for his mommy soon enough getting prison sexed

ya know, for the life of me, and my level of intellect, I simply cannot fathom why the youth of today resort to such violent measures to solve problems.  do these kids not think, do they even have the capacity to reason beyond 'I want what I want when I want it', etc.?  I come from an era (I'll be 40 on the 21st) where people knew the consequences of their choices and actions and actually thought... not just acted.  why do kids these days just do what they do... and not care one dang bit about anything, much less themselves?  it seems people have declined in intellect... somehow... or maybe the times have just changed and they just don't have the necessary skills to survive and say the heck with it.  whatever it is, the youth of today in the entire world better start getting it screwed on straight... or humanity will fall off the precipice in the very near future.as far as this kids 'gestures', not to forget to mention his cold, calculated crimes, jeeze, what a punk - and that's some of the #$%$ I'm talking about.guess he'll find out the errors of his ways and choices for the rest of his life.what a waste.and I can almost certainly guarantee - he could care less... like so many others out there.

White people! What the #$%$ are you doing when raising your kids? You are raising psychopaths, non-functioning members of society

animal

Bertha: There is a way to identify these KILLERS before they kill. There are certain acts they commit that can allow US to conclude what they are before they do what they do. The only barrier ( that is created by US) is being prejudice and nave to fact that ALL people can kill. Here's an example: Most like to believe that only BLACK people can act in a heinous way, yet when it comes to a CAUCASIAN individual, that is unfathomable. Here's a case example: Susan Smith stated that a BLACK man carjacked her and killed her children. ( May those angels rest in peace), well WE know now that she lied and was found GUILTY of that heinous crime. What allowed those in power ( of that case) to believe that she was not able to have done the crime initially? I conclude that it was........... drumroll................. a combination of racism/ being nave to fathom that only people of a certain race/ ethnicity has the ability to kill. Here's another example via question? Why do inner city schools have metal detectors while schools in the suburbs don't? Why is it fathomable that shots can be fired in inner- city schools and not in surburban schools? I believe WE do have the ability to get the clues you mention, yet WE have to apply them across the board, consistently.That is so shocking and sad.

he is the kind, who will seek out the biggest and badest guy in jail and be his bride...so the others won't attack him...but good luck..the big and badest will loan him out for a cigarette..

Screw the age category, this little punk should get death and not live long enough to see the next sunrise.

Why let this beast of a human live out his years with all the comforts of home (3 square meals a day, life time medical care, gym membership for life, no taxes to pay.....need I go on?) while the rest of us working stiffs have to pay for the damage he's done to the families and society?Take him out and either shoot the SOB or hang him so all can see what waits for those whom commit such hennas crimes.

Another intelligent whacko.

One of the issues we face as a country is overcrowded prisons.  I can think of one solution that might help.

looks like the judge shot him the middle finger as well...only his bird packed a little more sting!real shame this kid's parents did him such a disservice in raising him...many lives might not have been ruined....heartbreaking all around...Parents: love your kids while you can...time flies so fast...and they're nearly impossible to change once they're set...

Better Sentence.  Let him go free but tell the family members his whereabouts at all times.  Saves money on prison and I'll bet he gets a long lasting impression of pain before being put down like the rodent his is.

For all you death penalty lovers out there, the best thing in the world for this type of person is to live the prison life, day after day, year after year.  It will be far more punishment than death and drive him crazier than a chit hosue rat.  That and being shared with all his new roomies.  Awesom.  I'd like to see a photo of him in about ten years when all his punk fury is gone leaving a shell of a human.  It's hard to be defiant for a whole lifetime.  Awesome penalty!

shirt should say "somebody's b***chWow. They should interview this guy in about a year to see if he's still acting so tough. Bet that if they did he would be crying about how young he was when he did it and that a lifetime sentence is 'unfair'. Instead of 'killer' on his t shirt he'll have 'little b**ch tattoo'ed on his forehead.

Was he born that way??

He had his fifteen minutes of fame.  Now he will go rot in a prison where we shouldn't hear much of him again.  My prayers to the families of the victims.  That's where I'll try to focus.  He doesn't deserve our thoughts.

Life in prison is worse than the death penalty because on death row other inmates cant get to you.................And they are really gonna get ahold of this little guy in general population.

They should have given that #$%$ the chair. Put him in a cell with Bubba.

He laughs at his crime and punishment but wait till his final judgement!  Don't think he will be so brazen then!

His shirt should say "future rape victim."

J.T.: Think your cute, huh?Your 15 minutes of fame are over and now it's time to face the harsh reality of life in prison without parole.You have no idea of the horror you are about to experience in prison - ever heard of a "living hell?"....well...here it comes and you desreve every minuite of it.Try flipping off one of the prisoners and see what happens...see how "cute" you are then...No sympathy whatsoever on this end.

They gonna loooooooove this little twirp in prison. Gang bangs are coming little punk get prepared.

may his (a)sshole be made love to over and over again by a crust encased dirty black (c)ock!Kid has no clue what awaits him.  I found the death penalty and life in prison still doesn't scare people.  I wonder if life in solitary with one small meal a day, a rope and no human contact for the rest of his life will deter prisoners.

Another great product of the Public Schools And The Democrates Giving Money To Teachers Who Are Teaching Our Kids To Be good but to be tollerant and then They Explode And Kill People Because Tollerance For The Wrong Ideas is Wrong And The kids Know It Even If The Teachers Don't. Instead of Passing Stupid Gun Laws That Criminals Won't Follow Anyway We ShouldBe Figuring OutWhy These Kids Are Shooting Other People And Do Something About It. Gun Control Is Not The Answer This Kid Was Mentally ill and Was definately Unfit To Stand Trial. His shirt sayes it all he told exactly what the public already thout of him!!!!!!!! He belongs in a Mental Hospital instead of Prison As He needs Help Badly!!!!!!

Evil incarnate. Die in prison, rot in hell.  Justice served.  My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of three promising young men, executed without provocation.  I hope that in time the loved ones of these victims can find some peace of mind and spirit.  T.J. Lane proves that evil lives.  He is without redemption having lost his soul at a very young age. I know nothing about his upbringing, but I am certain that he has brought untold suffering to his family as well as to his victims.  I find it very hard to wrap my mind around the fact that he has only inhabited this earth for a brief 18 years, yet has caused so much destruction.

So, his attorneys will appeal the sentence, it'll drag on for years...they may find an obscure technicality that his rights were violated, his confession obtained under duress, and the monster will be freed, the media will be there as this monster in lead down the court steps, flanked by his smiling attorneys...and then HBO will make a movie, then the book, the 'paid for articles'...the royalty checks come rolling in.And ....J.T. Lane, and his attorneys will be laughing all the way to the bank.

His shirt should actually read "Fresh Meat" and he should be required to wear it when he checks in to his new digs.  POS.

He should meet up with bubba real soon. Put him in there with all the big killer doing big time and see how much of a killer he really is.

haha "killer", that's cute. it's gonna be even cuter when you're taking it up the butt from 3 giant black dudes. enjoy prison you piece of filth. and enjoy hell after that.

HIS #$%$ WILL  SOON BE FEELING SORE

Ya just Like mo-ron U S of "A" to give a teen life without parole , they themselves are doing life without parole!

It'll be Killer all right when his Butt holes gettin reamed by Bubba and his 7 homies every day and twice at night."I hope you have a cold, rough, unkind, harsh prison life with monsters like yourself," Dina Parmertor said. "I want you to endure years and years of pain, and abuse, which is in my opinion not harsh enough." - I AGREE 100%!

he sure got a pretty mouth

So What now? The taxpayers have to maintain the costs for this indignet SOB for the rest of his life? The Courts of this land  need to revert back to using common sense!I agree with Mr. Hardtimes!!

Wearing a "Killer" T-shirt, he made the obscene gesture to the victims' families just "before" he was sentenced. What kind of mind would do such as that, knowing that the judge was about to sentence him? Only a mind completely devoid of any feelings; neither feelings for others, nor any feelings even for himself. He is as close to Christianity's description of "Satan" as I have ever seen applied to a human. He must be kept locked away from the rest of society until he dies.

Miss Lane has a lot of love coming her way if you know what I mean

I hope he gets raped in prison until he dies from AIDS.

nighty night, keep your b-hole tight

If we had stiffer sentences for crimes committed, these perpetrators "might" think twice !

bubu is just waiting for him, he will be someones #$%$, and he will wish he was dead, carma....

He is flucked upAnother kid who might have turned out ok had he just got a little female action.  If you know what I mean?   The boy needed to get laid.

He'll have fun in the joint... don't drop the soap pretty boy...

As a few people responded below....where are the parents?????

He is one disturbed person!

Why do we keep people like this around? There is a choice, the right choice!

So that should add another 10 years to his life sentence.

By this guy's behavior! You can tell that he has mental issues. To bad that all responsible for letting this happen will never take blame and will only blame "the crazy kid that is in jail".

Again, NO ASSUALT WEAPON USED. This is an attempt at disarming this country. No new laws will stop people like this. Sheep are easier to control and that is what the demonrats want.

Life in prison not producing not working not paying taxes,put him to work until drop dead.

We need to enact  artificial selection, in which humans favor specific traits, in natural selection the environment acts as a sieve through which only certain variations can pass...in other words people like this kid are "damaged". Why keep him around. He adds nothing and only takes from society. We need to "filter" his damaged genome from our gene pool. Human? Maybe not by some measures but I feel it would be more inhuman to let people like him stay in person, have sexual visits and produce another damaged kid. We can be human all we want, nature will still win out and society will pay the price.Ohio change yr laws..he deserves the death penalty thats how u stop senseless muders of innocent people..the familys will go through depression all there lives..God Bless them

He's getting worse than the death penalty, to avoid being too graphics and offending the daisies that think he has some redeeming value, let's just say they can make it easier for him by giving him some lipstick and a jar of K-Y.

Read the bible my friend

What if it turns out he was being bullied? What if the people he killed were physically abusing him?  Schools don't giv a shtt about it. they let it happen til the abused kill themselves or their aggressors. not sayin its the case here but it happens a lot.

I'm sorry, but you take a life, you forfit your own, no excuses!

Hopefully he will be killed soon enough in prison. That is what is wrong with our system. There is no question he did it. Walk him out back and blow his brains out.

obamas plan for gun control would have prevented this..i cant wait till obama and bidens plan kicks in so there will never be gun violence again in the usa..then they can work on important issues like gay marriage and amnesty for illegals and global warming.

of course, this crazoid's behavior will be blamed on guns, not his psychopathic brain.

you all watch to much tv   about what happens in jail

all under the oboma administrationput him down

That's right ban a weapon that wasn't even used.....that's hw you know this is a knee jerk reaction.  Nest time someone is killed in a drunk driving incident they should outlaw ketchup.

That scrawny little (p)rick won't last a month in prison..

100% typical Teabagger terrorist spawn, of GWBush reign of terror/Iraq genocide

Prayers for the victims and their families and yes prayers for this obviously mentally deranged young man as well. He doesn't have a clue where he's heading to. The county jail is nothing at all like prison. He'll be with real killers when he gets where he's going, not just drunk drivers, dead beat dads and women and child abuser types - real cold blooded homosexual raping killers.

Mr. Lane needed counseling and now forgiveness.  He should not be acting that way but may have been withdrawn and wanted to lash out. Mr. Lane might have helped more by parents and other relatives concentrating on self esteem.  Now it seems he will go to prison and possibly suffer death himself in a violent manner.  In the end, six young men are gone forever.  We will not ever know what the synergy from their future efforts might have been.

I would imagine there is a very large inmate with the words written on his T shirt, "That killer is my girl".

I grew up in the 80's in a small town.  Most everybody carried a pocket knife, and had some sort of firearm in their vehicle parked in the school parking lot.  Not once did we have a school shooting, nor a stabbing, just a good old fashion fist fight.  Now fast forward a few years and it seems that all you hear or read about is some mass shooting committed by someone not even old enough to buy beer.  So whats the difference between then and now.  Its not the guns its the mentality of the people.Then when we played sports we played to win, not to a tie.Now everybody is a winner so nobodies feelings get hurt.Then if we got in trouble at school or home we had to answer for our wrongs at the end of a belt or paddle.Now you cannot touch a kid without fear of a lawsuit or having child protection services come haul your kid off and the police haul the parent/parents off to jail(if the parents are around)Then  the teachers graded it was in that awful red offensive color (sarcasm)Now its  a more friendly positive less offensive color purple etc.Then we were taught to respect authority mom, dad, elders, teachers etcNow no morals or respect is being taught.Then we did not have reality shows that glorified being a drunken idiot, being a trash talker, sleep with any and all.Now we have reality shows where the censor has a full time job running the bleeper.I have rambled on and could continue for a while, but the best way to sum up the differences between then and now.  It all can be boiled down to progressive liberal politically correct b.s.As I stated earlier its not the guns that have grown angry over the past few years, its the mentality of todays youth.  And yes I did grow up in a small town, but I do not remember hearing about or reading about some mass shooting anywhere, not to say that there wasn't, but if there was they were way less frequent than they are today.

Finally, a just sentence for this piece of #$%$.  Thank you Judge.  Welcome to hell TJ...you will not be able to kill yourself fast enough to escape the torment you are about to endure.

I wish I could say this little punk is in for a world of trouble once inside, BUT, speaking as someone who's had some experience with the law (I used to ride with a club, now I ride solo) this was nothing more than getting him away from the families he hurt. Yeah, he might get smacked around a bit, traded here and there, put on his knees a few times; but unless he takes his own life, no real harm is coming his way. Why...? He just made a prison gang one more soldier stronger.You're probably rolling your eyes, you don't want to hear this, but it's the cold, hard fact of reality: He's a welcomed addition to..."Aryan Brotherhood" more than likely.Good-bye and good look where you are going.  We will all be happy to never hear about you again!

What and now what the tax payers have to house and feed with free madical and free dental thia animal for live .NO WAY leave a rope in his cell and one day this sicko will wimp out and do us all a big favor

buddy the boys will love this little runt in prison his but will be bigger than a soft ball in 3 weeks

WOW! tough guy.He is in for a lifetime of buttj sext.

He will soon have a size 27 sphincter.  But, is it enough....

As horrible as I feel for the victims, so so sad, I do feel sorry that this young person was so overtaken by evil that he did this.  He is really possessed and I would like to know how he got this way, if indeed he's not mentally ill.  I will pray for him along with the victims and families.

So sad really because I am sure he does not really understand the level of his stupidity because of his immaturity.  I am sure he will spend the rest of his life remembering how in a second he changed his entire life forever.  What a waste.....

Was he bullied or was he the bully?

Hey Feinstein, better include 22's in your ban

Just HAD to bring up "Newtown" again in this story.....Just HAD Too...mediaWow ! 18 and have to spend the rest of your life in jail.  and i thought it was going to be a long day today at work !

Amazing , the US can send drones all ove the world and "eliminate" people that are suspected of being terrorists without a trial, but in the US a person who confesses or is found guilty of murder( in this case mass murder) is sentanced to life not death  #$%$  that is all

This kid has probably never even gotten laid...doesn't have a clue about how good life as an adult is nor does he even know what he wants or what potential he could have in the world in a positive way.  He is soo young!!!  I think he really needs to be explored, examined and studied because he deffinatly has had a lot of influence from his peers..possibly through being bullied or his family's neglegence in rasing him.  Bet video games fall somewhere in his past and are a big influence.  These games are brainwashing yough kids into normalizing violence.  What a waste.

Hang him high

If he wanted to take it in the rear for the rest of his life so badly, just being gay would of been better...

Did he kill 'Cos he was bullied by these jocks?Life imprisonment in exchange for taking away 3 bullies from EVER enjoying a long life, I think it's a good trade-off.If we're not gonna do anything about this 'bully' problems in our schools; boys will be boys as it were, heads will roll, sadly, innocents one as well.

This country doesn't have the balls to enforce the death penalty anymore... sad.

He won't last long in prison.  They will just love his milky soft skin.

Ban military assult rifles to CURB killings?!?! Yeah, that's what curbs killings Obama! Cane used a freaking rock to kill his brother Abel! It's not about what a killer uses! It's about the killers heart and mindset.  Fix those two things and THAT will STOP, NOT CURB, killings!

My guess is it won't be long before he'll wish he'd gotten the death penalty instead.at least he got three of the bullies and taught the other three a lesson

Maybe if they werent bullies they would not be dead.Mom is saying "my boy was good"Your boy was a bully and this is what happened. Maybe if you were a better mother and taught him values and morals he would not be dead today.

just another typical ohioan.  nuke ohio

"You're welcome America!" The NRA

Gosh, it took only one year to convict. Now tell me why the guy in Florida is still walking around free?

Another DEMONrat goes to jail for the rest of its pathetic life  Only 47more percent to get rid of

The Tea Party would embrace him.

Not an "assault weapon"?  Holy cow, I thought every shooting was committed by some dude with an ak47 with 50 round clips.  Oh, Obozo lied to me again, when will I learn.

If they would only release audio or video of this coward on his first night in the PEN. Just so the world would get to know just how tough he is.

This jerk will make him someone's #$%$ real quick.If he's in a gay marriage state, at least mommy and daddy can watch him walk down the aisle, into the shower.

When 'it' is finally sent to the 'Big House' let the Guards just turn their back every time they hear him scream!

Yup, and more guns will somehow solve everything, right NRA crazies?

So sad..he didnt even get a taste of life on his own. Now he will be living in a box for the rest of his life. Let his crazy blood line die with him.

How 'bout letting "Killer" play wide receiver on Big Bubba's team, maximum security, general population. We'll see how tough he is!!"Killer" just might wish he had gotten the death penalty!! LMFAO!

Judge should have ordered two of his fingers surgically removed.  The forefinger with which he pulled the trigger and the middle finger with which he made the rude gesture at the relatives of his victims in the court.

Why did Shawshank Redemption suddenly pop into my head, but without the ending by the sea?

They should just take the guy out back and shoot him right then and there. Lets save everyone a bunch of time and money. Nothing else to see here. Move along.

I actually think that a lifetime of prision beatings and rapes will be better for him than the death penalty.

Why tell people it is ok to go and kill others by saying life in prison? Hang him , cremate him and put him in an unmarked hole, says a lot to any other who would follow this example in the hopes of gaining some fame in their rather miserable lives........This is what happens when  you  come from a conservative home with  access to guns

I bet all you DEMONrats are proud of that piece o#$%$ made-- He flipped off the families of the kids he shot THAT is what you have turned sociey into

The only problem I have with this b-i-t-see-h getting reamed every night by Big Bubba and The Boys is, he might eventually get to like it.

Kids shooting up their fellow Americans.  Germans put their fellow Germans in the gas chambers after they were trained to kill by the police state.  We shoot them here in Amerika.  Though I do expect one of our own men to light up a nuke soon and really make the point that our nation kills without law and that is why our kids are shooting at us!  We trained them to kill!  They are only doing as they have been taught by their betters.  The ones that are slamming the jail door on them.  Anyone ever figure out why the low IQ stundents aren't shooting the place up?  I already know why.  Most people are clueless.  They were clueless when they were being shoveled into the gas chambers too. The strong nations that follow the law will survive.  The weak fascist states will implode on themselves.  The ones that kill without law and built weapons of mass destruction in lieu of peace.  They invoke the name of god all the time as if they are somehow holy.  Use it on their debt instrument.  The one the counterfeiter in chief prints up.  Turns out all those weapons they built using stolen retirement money could only be used on them.  They were never designed to be used.  Self fulfilling ain't it?  Damn near biblical.  The fall of the pagan demigod always is.  In God We Trust!  And in our nuclear bombs!  Yippee Cay Yay!

Big Bubba ought to make It's bit see h ayss call him Killer all night long.....every night !!!

I agree with the majority of the posts here regarding Lane but would also add that his parents should be surgically fixed so that they can no longer breed...

I only hope he faces a daily existence of the most hideous and vile torture ever befallen one man.  I hope he is passed around the #$%$ inmates like candy.  What a sick, repulsive freak.  The death penalty needs to apply to monsters like him.

He acts as if he is a hero!I would definitely say he has a MENTAL ILLNESS!!What a loser,  took the lives of innocent children.Karma is a "monster" and he has it coming his way!!

We have a death penalty == lets USE it !!!

Wait, how did this happen in a gun free school zone?  That's illegal!I don't think the inmates will need any kind of firearm to take care of him. Monsters don;t need guns. Have fun in hell. Try wearing that shirt your first day. So tough.. I can hear you crying from here. Have at him Bubba!

A nice looking 18 year old "killer" like him will get in touch with his feminine side for the next 60 years with all the other "rough" boys in the state penetrationary.

Obamanation, without the adoption like Travon because he is white.

Even though he has to pay the consequences for his actions, he is still a troubled youth and needs help. I hope that the school systems make an all out effort to identify and assist others like him before it's too late to prevent harm to themselves and others.

hey all you libbys lets all spend a few million more on this littleturd after all you people are raising more just like him by the millions!

He will not be raped or other things in prison. The prisoners do not have a code of honor anymore.  They have gangs who attack each other.  Kind of like the young kid's game of "King of the hill"  except the prisoners are in grown men bodies.  The correctional officers (guards) and other staff spend all their time corraling and trying to make sure that no one gets assigned to an opposing gang yard or cell.

When you are gang raped in prison, you will not have that smug-as$ed grin on your face anymore.

This turd should have gotten 2 to the chest and 1 to the head - nothing more, nothing less.

This jerk deserves to receive so much "prison love" that he'll be wiping J I  Z Z off the back of his teeth!

PRICK..he'll get his!!Hope he enjoys his life with his new husband. This one I do not mind paying for him to live the rest of his sorry life in jail. He needs a little more pain though.

He looked like such a #$%$ in the video..... he tries to act tough by laughing as the parents spoke, but i can see in his eyes that he's a #$%$ that wanted to cry.

What a waste for the families of the slain and for the offender.  No remorse, i pray for you and the family of the wrongfully preyed on.

every street thug is a bad a(s)(s) when they have a gun. He can command power and respect when he wields it.Take it away and you'll find a scared little boy who's parents either loved him too much or not enough. He's a scared little boy right now. My advise for him. Put on some weight and hit them too. Skinny littlle white boy like you is like a mosquito flying around.

A shame that a young man can become so angry and un feeling. Total psychopath. Life in prison is the only answer. Most likely he will become some ones B#$@h and end his own life.

This is why, in spite of all the problems we have had, Texas still has the death penalty. And we use it. There are just some people for whom nothing else will do.

if no death for teens, then there should be no "life without parole", because effectively they are the same thing.

Just another mass shooting in the good ol' US of A. What do you expect in a country where guns are distributed in cereal boxes?

He will make somebody a fine wife............Hopefully, somebody will show him how bad he is,a punk in a bunk......

Buh Bye TJ.    May you have a long, long, long life.....Don't you just love that they added the last line about Sandy Hook concerning assault weapons and big magazines, even though they just told us this kid did his damage with a .22 pistol and 10 shots. It's not the guns, it's the person pulling the trigger folks.

He will never be in general pop ever in prison.....state doesn't want any lawsuit coming up if this pos gets hurt by any other inmate...he will be in protective custody for many many years.

And why in God's green earth did the frigging Judge let him wear that despicable shirt?!  How pathetic to rub the families noses in their painful moments on this day.  He should not have been able to take off his button down shirt!If everyone else is supposed to dress appropriately for court then, this punk should have to as well.  I'm surprised that someone didn't jump him in court.

How bout we stop coddling these kids. Stop feeding into the poor me drama and get back to some real parenting. We just continue raising kids with "the world owes me something" attitude and have FAILED to hold them or ourselves responsible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Have him shanked in the shower. Its the least we can do to make his stay unforgetable

Pretty amused with yourself, huh, kid? Oh, by the way...your new "roomie" Bubba is looking forward to wiping that smirk off your face. Wanna guess what he's gonna use to do that?

Was this kid bullied in any way by classmates. In my day bullying was settled with a fistfight. Now, teenagers settle a bullying issue with knives and guns. Just asking.

He will be crying like a baby when those prison bulls bend him over and show him what a tough guy he is....

What an absolute piece of human garbage.

What possesses people to do this is beyond me. He has no idea what awaits him in prison but he soon will find out.Gosh, Ohio teens sure are getting a bad rap this week, aren't they?

The teen looks like he is overcompensating  It is as if he is trying to play tough.  He is likely very scared and has major issues from the past and from his current fear.  Hope he chooses to learn from the consequences.

you know its easy for all of you to point fingers and wish this kid harm when he gets to prison. but the fact is he will have a sad existence until his death whenever that may be.  He got his punishment . now lets pray for him to find it within his heart to see the wrong he has done and try to do something to salvage his soul,  life is precious. i dont know why people continue to point fingers, when we as a nation need to fess up to the facts that people who have access to guns , use them and most of the time, those using them are not the ones who are given backround checks. we need to stop the killing and get all the guns off the streets.

He looks a little scrawny. Poor guy! I hope the prisons provide plenty of lube!

Ok...   killer, meet Bubba, your new prison cell partner for life....

What is he about 130 pounds, prison is not kind to people like him. He will be in for it.

No mention of his family, parents sisters brothers anything like that  I wonder what they're like!

Until we get passed the sensationalism of the liberal media and dig in and find the reasons these people pick up a tool and use it to kill we will never be able to design systems to identify these folks early and prevent their acqusition of the tools neccessary for them to kill efficiently. We may never be able to stop them from killing at all as Able learned from Cain.

T.J. Lane is a sissy.

Why did the judge allow this behavior? We will see how tough this punk is real soon.I will not get into a debate about what his punishment "should" be. I feel like less of a person today just from the fact that my society has allowed this sort of thing to take place in the first place. Talk about a mutually losing proposition...no one wins here. And I have no answers...but the American society isn't doing a very good job for its young people.

We should send this kid to a Mexican Prison or over to Russia, China, or where ever else these type of #$%$ don't last long.  Our prisons are nothing compared to most outside of our borders...   Maybe that would be a way to elminate our "over crowding".  Convicted of killing, raping, child molestation, off you go to one of these places.  We give the county a million dollars and the problem goes away. Still far cheaper than keeping them locked up for 60 years.  If we sent the million with the prisoner on the first day, I'm sure most wouldn't even take up any room in their prisons either... Problem solved, enough said.

na na na na..na na na na ..hey hey hey..good bye

Fry him!!!!!!!!!!!!

Sorry why to waist taxpayers money, this kid took three life, let just hang him, no reason to keep him around

People always say they hope a big black guy makes him his boyfriend,there are a lot of big white boys in there looking for a youg boyfriend too. I think it would be most deserving to him to have a couple of each. They say it only hurts the first time but thats a big lie.

One thing I've never seen any mention of his his family, like his parents or siblings  you suppose they are just the same way he is? or are they in hiding and horrified by what they released onto the planet

Trust me...this guy won't see his 20th birthday. He may think he knows everything now being locked up in a minor league county prison. Wait until he reaches the pros.

I feel bad for him for trying to be tough because he just doesn't know where he is going It's people who are tougher and can't wait for him. Trust me Prison in the United States is not somewhere you wanna go.

I would put him in a 12 by 8 cell, 24/7 without getting out. After 1 or 2 years he'd be begging for the death penalty.his sentence should be a few thousand volts of electricity.

three meals a day, some ones lover, complete dental and medical coverage with no remorse what a good life for a loser. What happened to an eye for an eye. PUT HIM  DOWN and saver the tax payers A million. Please Ohio bring the death penalty.

In this case, I'm glad he didn't get a death sentence. He will become somebody's sex toy for the rest of his life.

was the 18 for his age or his IQ.. take him out and shoot, him he is not worth keeping

Let bubba have him, see how he acts with real tough guys, not these snotty nose babys

Hi next t-shirt will say, "My cellie owns me".

Another A sshole in the clink. Stupid #$%$ he is the one giving up his life. Dumb P rick.

He'll never last. Dead before his 21st birthday, either by his own hand or someone elses. Either way, works for me.

they probably will kill him in prison or $%#@ him to death..

Some people cannot or won't take the constant mental bombardment and abuse, some are just plain crazy!Kill the s.o.b.

Wondering if anything was ever said about what his motive for shooting the kids was?

pure evil.

Time to meet the Booty Bandit! He's gonna do it the easy way or the hard way.

Put him in general population,he wont last a week.

This twerp is going to be meeting Bubba soon.

Other than the fact that a gun was used by a psyhco in both instances, what the heck does the last paragraph have to do with the story?????

Put this idiot in a chair and hit the switch, what a complete waste of clay

just wait til he starts serving his prison term...he won't be smirking and laughing too much for the rest of his life i'll bet....

i wonder what the motivation was?and we taxpayers have to pay to keep this vermin alive .... a double tap with a 22 calibre behind the ear would be so much cheaper and so much more of a deterrent to other vermin. political correctness is so freaking twisted, leave a killer alive but abort an innocent baby....such bs

Just think of all the tax money going to be wasted on this low life to keep him alive.  That money instead could go to pay for one security guard at a school.  Simple solution, just walk him to the back of the courthouse and execute him with a 50 cent bullet.

This kid is going to get traded for a pack of smokes on Dblock. He will be #$%$ raped within 10 minutes of arrival. Stupid kid

He did not use an "assault weapon". He is clearly a sociopath and undoubtedly has had problems in the past. The problem is that in American society nothing can be done until he commits his crime....if any steps had been taken without clear evidence, he could have sued in a second. He could have a psychiatric chart a foot thick...all secret. The gun is not the problem.

Folks, here you have the reason we need to......- Keep abortion legal- Keep the death penalty as a viable option- Impose harsher penalties on gun usage

Not long ago there was some news about a Swiss woman being raped while on a trip to India. There were innumerable comments on how "savage and primitive" Indians are. I wonder how those people would comment this news?! How would they comment this statement "Lane's attack in February 2012 was one of several mass shootings in the United States last year, including a massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut December." How would they comment the fact that US has more schoolchildren killed by other schoolchildren than the rest of the world combined? Is this the expression of a superior civilization?!

18 year old boy sent to prison. Can you plase send him some Preperation H? He's gonna need it.

so because he didn't do this a few months later, everyone has to pay for his food, medical bills, etx for the rest of his life instead of just executing him?! Lame.If they are going to keep him alive, they should remove his arms (or his legs so he gets what he gave to the paralyzed survivor).  Lets see how smug he is then...

Did he live with his uncle who owned the pistol? Did he steal it? Did his uncle leave the pistol &amp; bullets in his sock drawer with NO trigger lock?  Can the parents of the victims sueeither his parents because he was a minor at the time or his uncle for neglegence?  It will not bring the victims back and they may never get anything but at least, it may provide some consolation.  He will not last long in prison unless he is locked up 23 hours a day.  Cons hate child murderers.

If he gets killed in prison tomorrow, it's not soon enough.These people are far too young for this much anger.  Are they born like this or is something triggering these demons?  It is truly terrifying to see our youth sink so very low so often.

He will be crying for his mama soon..............He will be passed around like a bowl of soup

ETC, ETC...I see all the comments related to his life of imprisonment, but NO ONE ASKED HOW HE GOT THE GUN. Was he legally able to purchase it, was it his parents, etc? Thiis is NOT against gun ownership; but I feel that if he obtained it from his parents, that they should be held accounatable for negligence.

Enjoy your new life in prison, PUNK...I wonder how long he will live??? I give him 90 days at most

One extra person taxpayers must provide for as he goes on to live another forty-or-so years.  Of course it should be the choice for those families harmed, but perhaps this murderer should have done to him something similar to what he has done to others.

They should hook him up to old sparky and flip the switch.

Libs will get him released.  Yeh, he will be reformed. Just like NY shooter was paroled after being imprisoned for beating his grandmother to death with a hammer.

I wish this #$%$ will be raped by group of gays in prison and after that be killed.Please do so.

In the words of Freddie Kruger - "Kids, big disappointment!"

Easy to hay how much you hate this kid, and I do also, but something inside you must feel sorry for him.  How much pain did he endure early in life to become such a monster?  That said, I hope he rots in He77.I placed my shotgun outside on the front porch yesterday and also left a few slugs next to it. After going back inside and watching my shotgun for 5 hours through the window it DID NOT KILL ANYONE. Either my shotgun didn't feel like killing yesterday or he was feeling sick. GUNS DON'T KILL PEOPLE...PEOPLE. Now i am off to talk to my spoon about why he is making people fat.

.  He is smiling now, wait 'til reality sets in. Very happy that the usual and boring mentally ill excuse did not work.  He will have a different boy friend each week. No respect for life, so why respect him.

He's a little tiny squirt who will be the prison playtoy.

i hope he likes sucking big black #$%$

Why oh Why is all I can say.  What kind of gratification (besides killing) does he want from all of this ?  Just what is wrong with young people (and people) in general ???  He has no life now.

Why did the judge and the attorneys allow this worthless piece of garbage to sit there wearing this t-shirt?  He should have been hauled out of court, made to take it off or button his shirt up, and only then allowed back in.  The judge showed a profound disrespect for the victims and their families.

He will be raped his first week in prison.

too bad the students didn't march down to the court house and lynch the s o b

Put him in the big house with Bubba...let Bubba have his way and then give him the 'middle finger' salute!! He deserves it!! Daily!!  Might cure his hemorrhoids too!! hee hee

HAD TO throw in the Sandy Hook angle, didn't you? In related, news gang violence NOT addressed by ANY gun control bills, deaths of hundreds of drunk teen drivers, texting while driving by high school students resulting in deaths or injury, and murders committed by other than assault weapons are still being carried out nationwide, daily without being seriously addressed by the news media nor Congress, nor the president.Hope he enjoys his time as the pass around #$%$ on the cell block!

Have fun in prison kid.  No more Christmas Hams, No more Thanksgiving Turkey, no more 4th of July BBQ, no more camping or fishing, never again going to have crab or lobster or chicken wings, or bacon-wrapped filet mignon. Corn on the Cob. Tacos, Pizza....

Hopefully the correction officers will do what that did with Jeffrey Domer, put him in a cell with one inmate doing life who is not happy with him killing those kids, walk away and come back in 15 minutes, that's all it took and Domer was dead. They need to do the same thing for this kid. I hope he is raped repeatedly, beat daily and then tortured to death and may the torture take hours. That is all that a killer with no remorse deserves and for him to treat the family of the dead bad also, #$%$ this kid torture and kill him.

So long bye-bye now.

If he was charged as an adult, he should be treated as an adult, and the death penalty should have applied at that tim regardless.  Thanks a lot, lawmakers.

im sure with his attitude he will not last long in prison, so luckily i guess, we wont have to take care of him for long.

real big tuff guy now till he gets into the prision system an hes going to find out hes a real punk they will tare him apart

SHOCKING...he didn't blame his up-bringing...SOON TO MEET BUBBA.

Boy a young virgin for the old inmates boy is he gonna get a b-tt full. I just hpoe he enjoys it and doesn't scream. Bigger is better.

Execute his #$%$...What happened to that boy that he became so cruel and angry?

Once he finds himself (matures and comes to grip with what he's facing), he will see things differently, but hopelessly.  Prayers for the dead include him.

What has happened to this generation and our country. I swear Satan has taken over. No years in prison, not even life, can erase or ease these poor parents are feeling. May he burn in hell!

Why show this person's face, speak his name, talk about him at all.  This feeds his ego and provides incentive for the next lunatic.  Great example of "media violence".  We continue to sow the seeds of of our own destruction to sell a few of whatever it is Yahoo sells.

Young booty for general population.Enjoy the rest of your life.

Newtown, Conn. has what to do with this article? And @ Kim Palmer, reporter...Go back to school. "ASSAULT" is an action, not a thing. And they're not "clips", they're magazines. Idiot!

Was the NRA present at the sentencing?  Proclaiming that he had rights under the 2nd amendment.

Although tragic, maybe we should listen to what the real problem is.Instead of always looking at the leaves, maybe we need to start looking at the roots!

Whats the point in life without parole?  Now we get to pay for him to live the rest of his life.  The going rate on .22 cal bullets has got to be under 25 cents.  Let him go out the same way he made others leave this world.  Its got to be cheaper than 30 grand a month adjusted for inflation for the next 60 years or so.  Give me the gun and I'll do it if these liberal #$%$ lack the stomach for it.

I cannot wait for this POS to get what he deserves from Bubba and Abdul in prison.....don't bend over for any soap, TJ....oh yea, TJ, you also get to spend eternity in the Lake of Fire, while Satan notches yet another dark soul on his tail........Use a gun during the commission of a crime, go to jail....FOREVER.

Wait !!!!!!! you mean a mass killing went on and it was done without an ASSAULT RIFLE??????  How can this be?  (insert sarcasm)Once again people, IT ISN'T the WEAPON it is the PERSON.....P E R I O D !!!!!!!!!

Funny that in this whole article there was no mention of why he said he killed them. Very odd. Cover up happening here. Maybe those dead guys were evil and beat the sht out of him all the time. If so they got what they deserved. Why is there no mention of why? It's the first thing I was looking for but could find only a bunch of clerical nonsense. Media cove rup, as usual.

Where was this young thing 20 years ago when I was finishing an 18 year sentence?

Double tap

I just remain speechless at people who make decisions like that for their lives. I guess he got what he wants, he thinks "killer" is something cool and tough. I think you'll find out in prison he's not all that tough!

Correct me if I am wrong please. As a retired Marine My Wacko Sen. Diane Feinstine wants to ban my guns. As a law abiding person who has only had a speeding ticket as worst offense in my life. John Kerry another Obama wacko recently endorced the U N ban on guns. But they make laws to protect a 17 year old after he commits a mass murder. Typical Liberal garbage protect the guilty and punish the innocent! Time to find a place where politcians have brains in their heads!

BTW....in Hollywood ..Clips and "Mags", Magazines may be interchangeable....but in a firearm...only a magazine will provide ammunition to the firearms receiver. A clip is what holds ammunition to be placed in a magazine. Sometimes referred to as a "stripper clip". Ammunition from a clip can be loaded into magazines easier.

Glad the sentence was harsh and that he was tried as an adult.  If this would have been a juvenile crime he would be back out on the streets in a few years.  He needs some serious help.  What a sad day and Chardon is such a beautiful community.

No assault weapons.  No high cap mags.     Too young for background checks. What u law could've stopped this?I still have hope that we will one day be able to figure out a way to help save our mentally ill people before their mental illness drowns them out and they kill themselves and/or others. All these killers who have their lives just starting, we need to figure out how to help them if they are not strong enough to fight the mental battles themselves.

His family are all demorats, he did NOT use a rifle.  He is not an NRA member.  His pocession of the pistol was illegal under current law.......How could Diane and Barry's control have stopped this?

Tried as an adult why not executed as one, destroyed how many families and lives , and now becomes the responsibility of the taxpayer, next he'll be suing the prison system because he got a second hand newspaper to read about himself. We need to stop coddling our criminals

Needs to be facing the death penalty of course the libs will want to turn him loose in 2-3 years so he can kill again then they will blame the object he uses instead of him

I bet this guy voted for Obama.

I miss the days of public executions. This kid getting hit with some major voltage would make a great pay-per-view.

Maybe they Judge can send send Lindsey Lohan to the school, she can give a motivational speach and help those kids understand just WHY their pals were MURDERED, MAIMED and PARALYZED, yet this little SNOT gets to keep breathing. What is WRONG w/the Judicial system?

Put him in gen pop and hand out sharp shanks to beforehand. The court of criminals will easily take care of him OR release him and have the cops turn a blind eye to what the public does to him...either way, our taxes wouldn't be burdened for long caring for him.

sorry I cant give this pos a pass in any way. faked mental illness , which is a epidemic theses days for all pos like this (Jodie arirs) etc etc etc, I personally don't want my tax paying dollars to support this monster. want to stop murders, then go back to the eye for and eye thing. after due process and found guilty , you take a life you loose your life no exception or delay. and I guarantee you at his age 30 years from now the progressive lib bleeding hearts will not car about the victim's and their family's loss and their life long pain and heart break , if the justice system keeps doing politics from the bench he will be released back in society and just from his actions he will kill again FACT

What did the stupid parents expect? An apology?Why would anyone want to ban assault rifles when there are people like this in the world?

The big picture is , What caused the shooting .

Look, parents, there is no need for gun control, as especially the country is flooded with handguns.Burial policies are a good idea, though.Isn't that why you had kids, to bury them??

Aww he is just a typical owebumble voter-- Holder will pardon him

Take him out and hang him.

What is wrong with you people in Ohio?

He was raised by liberals.

When are people going to realize that there is no such thing as "life without parole"?  This creep can escape, be pardoned or get out of jail some other way.  In the meantime, he can freely murder other prisoners or prison guards and face absolutely no additional punishment.

He will live out his days as a receptacle

Just do us all a favor and give him the chair more wasted tax dollars to house and babysit this worthless piece of what normally gets taken out with the trash id rather our tax dollars go to the families of the murdered and the child who is paralyzed and has to deal with the rest of his life as being disabled what bout his dreams and life hes suffering more than the killer in prisonWhy was he allowed to wear that shirt????

Someone shoot his parents.

Hope he gets passed around in prison.

I am sure someone has already etched out "killer" and changed it to "available".

If they are locking him up he has the right to give the judge the middle finger !

#$%$ is wrong with a lot of our youth's today?Oh I forgot they didn't get enough #$%$ whipping's at home.

now he will need a t which says, "come on, i'm tight."

He was sexually molested by the bullies that he shot. What would you have done to them, invite them over to the house for tea and crumpets!

Events like these make me think some people should be executed on the spot, like directly after the trial, but he'll definitely get what he deserved

all you hear about is  Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, and now they want (govT) wants to take our guns away. HAY HOW ABOUT THE CHILDREN IN CHICAGO ILL look it up over 400 killed and nothing done about that. Obama should be impeached and taken out of office.wish i had 5 min alone with this guy in a cell he would not come out

He is now back door bait!

Not every person is capable of murder - But every gun is.  Shall we get rid of people or guns?

He'll be rented out for packs of cigs and his b u t t will be stretched so wide a minvan will be able to make a k-turn inside it.

more celebration of the all mighty american gun culture...a sick society were the citizens possess too many weapons and the huge business and lobby that supports it...share in these killings...there's blood on your hands.

What charges do the owner of the gun face for letting him get a hold of the gun in the first place. Responsible gun ownership starts with limiting the access of your guns. I have lots of them and I'm tired of dumb people making my rights go away because of their complacency.

Okay we get it Sandy dookie was a tragedy, must you mention it every fu3kinggun article, fu3k sakes this sh1t right here was is desensitizing people to killings.I do not care if you give me thumbs down I am sick and tired of reading about it

Bubba is comin and its not going to be pretty Don`t worry he will have his own hell everyday talk to him in a year and see what his comment is bye bye #$%$

Another NRA poster boy

Pro-gun nuts fail to realize that had this guy had access to more powerful guns, the body count would have been much higher, and chances are, we'd have heard a lot more about this guy.  I don't know about you, but I don't remember reading about this, until today.  Only 3 killed...still sad, but at least it wasn't 26.This is the point with gun control.  Our side is willing to work on this, make a compromise.  Keep your guns, but nobody needs a gun that can fire off multiple shots per second with large magazines for less need for frequent reloading.  If we can work together, we'd still have shootings, nobody is dumb enough to believe that shootings will just magically disappear, but if we work together, we can indeed make it so that these headlines make the news and not stories like Aurora, and Newtown.  Again, still sad, but a big step in the right direction.Reasonable gun control accompanied with psychological baseline studies for students, could very well, put a big dent in this terrible problem we face in ou society.Keep your children away from the kids of Tea Baggers, they are angry and dangerous people. Born of hate, raised to hate more.

Trespassers shall be violated

This is what you DEMONRATS spawn &amp; call children

I hope he becomes the cell block b#tC% .............. and his life sentence is long and painful

He wants to die.  This is why he is doing this he wants people to hate him because he feels that he doesn't deserve any kindness and he wants to suffer.  And he will get what he wants.

Why wasn't he wearing the traditional orange jumpsuit ?

Perfect sazrguem,ent for the death penality.  I don't want my tax dollars supporting his sorry exsistance.  I'd rather it be sent to some Arab Muslim.

he should get the death penalty.  he is satan.

lawl, you think this #$%$ gives a s@#! what you say to him? he's going away for life. that's better than the death penalty.

Laugh it up punk. You're about to see how much of a bad #$%$ you are not.  And no one is going to care how much you cry, not even Karma.  PS.... the judge should have made him put that blue shirt back on and then throw in some hard labor for flipping off the family.life in prison is to good for him should be lights out

mouth F this fool, i'm sure a few encounter with prison #$%$ ought to wipe the smirk off of his face

These DEVILS have consistently given new meaning to the word EVIL!

No remorse, no mercy.  He should be put down like the rabbid dog that he is.  The death penelty is more than warranted in this case.

The arrogant SOB will be crying like a baby soon.  To bad that he is not on Texas -- after a short crying period he could plead for his life then die.

Wow, what a rotten monster.  His parents must be so proud (not).

Enjoy life in your cell....lets see how much he is smiling in 30 years...bass turd

Honestly I don't know how the police, judge, family, and everyone else in the room could hold back from ripping this kids head off. Our system is not working so why do we continue to follow a system that's broke. These monsters are getting worse and our system is doing nothing to stop it. Sure this kid is going to jail for the rest of his life but it doesn't change the fact that those kids are dead. We need to do something so that this sort of thing stops happening. The only way I can see to do this is to make the punishment for this type of act so heinous that others will think twice before doing it. Torture these people on national TV and I bet there won't be to many afterwards.

it's going to cost the tax payers $50,000 a year to keep this #$%$ wipe in prison. It would cost $1.25 for a shiny new .44 mag bullet..it's time to use common sense and start saving money now..

A .22 caliber "pistol" was used in this attack.  Mr. President, what was it again that you were saying about banning "assault rifles?"and at the end of the story Y#$%$)hoo needs to suck Obama off but putting in his arms grab just as a jab... YAHOO YOU SUCK DONKEY B@LLS

if youre gonna do somthing do it all the way

I hope he gets raped by giant black men at least twice a week for the rest of his life

ADHD with ODB or OCD, too.  1000's just one step from what this kid did.

It's a sad testimony to the reality that we've created. Many kids nowadays have no hopes, dreams, or aspirations other than becoming infamous...aka instant gratification.

To me, this sounds like the bravado of a scared little boy.  How pitiful for him.

Justice?? Where??? He was raised by Spock parents, please and thank you. It's ok, mommy and daddy will protect you. Sandle wearing, tree hugging idiots created this mess. Liberalsare the rotten apples of life.

Mother and Father should be proud

the guards need to do there job that should never of happened

When an AR-15 is used in a crime, it is mentioned over and over again.This shooting was carried out with a .22 handgun, and that fact does not come up even once.Sadly, prison in America  is not so bad these days.. he deserved worse

You want to stop this BS?  Start holding the parents accountable and get rid of the Child Services Department and their bs about how we cannot lay a hand on a bad kid.  When I was growing up we never had these issues.  My parents would have beaten my #$%$.  So once again AMERICA who is really to blame?

Kid is a sociopath.  No stupid new gun law would have stopped him.

We pay to much for these creeps in prison TO MUCH!

May God have mercy on your soul.

I don't remember hearing anything about this shooting. Sure it was a year ago but if he had used a semi-auto hunting rifle, or even had it in his car, this would have still been news. Just goes to show where the politics stand on guns.

He won't live long. And he certainly doesn't deserve to live at all!!

What's the point of life in prison without parole? Can't be fixed? Go back to dust!

Ah sweet tender meat for the guys!!

had ONE teacher been armed or a janitor,, that little #$%$ punk would not need a trial.. or we wouldnt be paying for his food and entertainment for the rest of his miserable life. but we only defend out money with guns,, and the president. as for our kids in school. we protect them with threats of violence. but this kid gave up,, so now society will pay for worthless #$%$With his bad attitude and disrespectful nature im sure he will die in prison.......not from old age either

With that baby face, soon he'll be wearing an orange shirt with the words #$%$/ #$%$/ on it. He'll be real proud...

He can kiss his fanny goodbye = it will be OWNED by the SHE-BULL of the joint.

Can we say "Demon possessed?"

Its the parents desire that he suffers in prison, news flash! prisons are like day camps now with cable and all the amenities. We need to start imposing the death penalty on all murderers. If we can get rid of the weak hearted that infect our justice system maybe we could get real justice imposed for the victims. A couple changes would cut crime overnight..., you get caught with a gun 10 years, you use a gun in a crime..life without parole, you take a life...yours is forfeit! As it stands criminals are well aware of the catch and release now going on.

He not only wore a shirt that said KILLER on it (in Sharpie!), but he then went a step further by saying this: The hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory. #$%$ all of you.

Bubba and friends will take this young man more than a few pegs.  I wonder how he will enjoy being the "girlfriend" for about 3-4 dozen cons that are REALLY tough?

and we get to pay millions and millions to house the animal...  I have plenty of ammo and would be happy to be on the firing squad.  i will bring my own ammo and firearm along...

The article lacks the words of the "profane" statement  which would have enhanced our reading pleasure.  T J Lane is a sick individual who got what he deserves.  The cursing of victims' families and the subsequent flipping off of the bereaved was a classy touch.

I pray for the american teens, that spiritual revival will sweep again so JESUS may be the center of their souls.To anyone reading this in Marion Ohio State pen - please welcome this child killing smirking boytoy with open arms - PLEASE make his stay a daily fun fest of beatings, rape, abuse, and just plain Hell-On-Earth - he really deserves it.

Ooooh....fresh young boy meat in prison, please wait your turn.

This guy is just trying to get attention from the media and you guys are doing it even Yahoo

Unfortunately, this is a tragedy in all aspects. Many have and will continue to suffer because of his choices. This punk should be so lucky in one year's time to be checking into in the morgue too.

Confinement only is not enough. He should do hard labor seven days a week and be given only enough food to be able to stay alive. Just like the #$%$ did in concentration camps. Then show the world what happens to such people. But we cant since he still has some of his freedoms to enjoy.

This article has nothing to do with Newtown so why do you keep bringing it up?? The media in general is about as useful as a bag full of hammers...tell me the actual news. Why do you have to sensationalize everything. If I need entertainment, I wont be reading yahoo news! That's for damn sure!

Great, now we can all bankroll his meals, recreation, lodging and LIFE for the rest of ours.  Who is really serving a life sentence to whom?  Just put him down.

not lets see he is 17 if he lives to 80 that's is 63 years now that's is 22,998 days @  $50.00 per day that's is $1,149,750.00. US tax payers would vote to use a 22 one shot at about a quarter lot of difference I think

Did he ever say why he did it? Are there any clues or theories as to why?

Send him to the prison in India for a gang rape treatment. It's on over there.this is news?

He is going to have an awaking experience when he is introduced to the boys at the big house, I am sure BUBBA will wecome him over and over.

I am 51 now and I am not sure what is wrong with the youth of today.  I never remember any mass killing by students when I was young.  My dad always had guns and us 3 kids (two boys and I) never touched them.  We would of been in big trouble is you did!!!  I also know that all of my friends dad's had guns too and they were never locked up, but they where never touched, or played with.Is it lack of parenting now a days?

No disrespect to the familiys who lost children but wow, i wonder how his parents are taking this. They must feel sick, isolated and devastated...Their son will soon be killed by real killers in prison. he wont last but three months....

(sarcasm alert) He fired 10 rounds from a .22 caliber pistol?  That means we need 5-round magazines.  It's simple math, people!

He is a pretty boy so he has no chance when he gets to his new home in prison!

little bastar*

Little punk thinks he is bad doesn't he?? Yea sweet little thing like that will be popular in the big house! I hope he gets general population

Once he gets to prison he'll get a NEW T-shirt that reads, "All Deliveries Made Through Rear".

his dance card will be full everynightThey like smooth, young skin where he is going!!

Wait till he gets his #$%$ reamed by 'bubba' every day and is his boy toy.

Good article that stood by itself... UNTIL THE WRITER HAD TO DRAG THE LAST PARAGRAPH ABOUT SANDY HOOK INTO IT!

These maniacs eventully get used to prision as it becomes part of their life.  Shoot him

Watch after a few weeks in prison he will be someone femalethen we`ll see how unremoiseful  he really is.

Not being insensitive, but we know about Sandy Hook. No need to mention it anymore unless it's the focus of an article.

He deserves the death penalty, but lethal injection is too #$%$ for him. He needs to die a long, slow, and overly painful death. Point-blank-period!!! And the victims family should be able to participate in the overly painful part!

everybodies #$%$ for a long long time

They should have let the kid he paralyzed jam his thumbs into his eyes as his sentence was read to him...

Dead Man Walkin!!!Lacking empathy IS a mental illness. This guy got what he deserved but lets make no bones about the fact that people without mental illness experience remorse. You can't just ignore truth because it would look sympathetic. Mental health checkups should be a part of any health exam so we can weed these psychos out of the general population.

Now the world can see you for what you really are, TJ. A worthless coward with no future. Let all would-be perpetrators of senseless and disgusting acts of wanton violence see what kind of a life this kid will lead.

hell is what you get when you take from parents, the right to whip their children

Just wait until he gets to be another mans b*tch, I wonder how much of killer he'll be then.

...then again I would imagin his new "friends" will help him in doing so with their own "fluids."Sweet Dreams - T.J. Lane, I wish you all of the best.

Bend over and pucker up fresh meat!

He should start working on his #$%$ shirt, cause that's what he's gonna become to someone in prison. It's so sad for the poor families of the victims whose lives were taken so callously and without remorse.

love how everyone is saying he will be a #$%$ or a bride. maybe for the first few years but since he has life in prison hes going to be valuable. ppl are going to want him in there group. 20 years from now i can guarantee he wont be a #$%$. hes going to have #$%$ and be calling some prison shots. especial when he gets more violent in prison.and what gang he gets recruited into

So you shot a bunch of unarmed kids in a school? You must be a real hard #$%$.

why is he still alive?!You know are going to report seriously on a serious story like this, perhaps now is the time in your journalistic career to not be so PG, if the whole story is about his obscene gesture and language, give some indication of what was said and done without going blue.

I feel sorry for the families but these blue state nut jobs need to stop this type of behavior.good griefGod Bless AmericaTrap

And some morons think it was the gun. Only someone as senseless as this (a product of our modern society) would do such a thing. When we blame inanimate object for the action of us horrible humans you get a society of children raised without limits.

If i was the judge i would of gave hime the dealth penalty.

Put sand in the vaseline!!!

Why are we paying for his life in prison? He obviously did it. He obviously doesn't care. Impose the death penalty and be done with it. What a joke.

Thank God he was in Ohio. In California they would have set him free because he was nuts. The state would have paid.  Him benefits. There would have been protest in San Franois for him going to trial in the first place. 100 plus new gun laws would have been made. They would have said he did it because he was gay and could not get married. And that his mother wanted to have him abortedWhen she was pregnant with him but could not get the stat to pay for it.

Taxpayers get screwed again!  They will feed, clothe and provide free medical care to this worthless piece of garbage while he plays the part of a #$%$ in prison.

No wonder he did what he did ,he just showed his true self. He really has a lot of resentment in his heart and the only way he will get it resolved is to accept Jesus Christ.

Too bad his mother wasn't on birth control.they shouldve been easy on him he only killed 3

In a short while, the only thing that will be killing is this guy's sphincter

how the hell did he get that shirt into the court anyway?

Who raised this #$%$..

Streets are full of kids like this, today. Gang-bangers, and wannabes. They listen to rap about how bad their favorite rappers are and not to be messed with, and they want to be that. Ludicrous brags: "How bout I, pull it out and kapaow, I'll heat em up out his mouth with it...I'm a stone cold killa," etc. Lots of popular rap has messages like this.  It's listened to all the time by lots of kids and young adults today.  [Oh, and don't forget "death metal."]  Remember how you let the songs that move you become part of you, and you part of them?... Well, this is part of what kids are putting into themselves these days, and putting themselves into it.And some or many kids are carrying knives or guns, even in the burbs and uptown. Ever see a football picture from an uptown school where all the boys are flashing gang signs? ---- Parents, be aware.

Free room and board for life. Now that's the life. And to think you all will be paying for this guys food, lodging, TV, medical for life.  What a way to beat the system.

please dont waste my tax dollars on this evil child..just put him down like a rabid animal..

He should have been mauled on the spot for the stunt he pulled in court.  Now our courtrooms tolerate that disrespect?

put that f%# in general population!

anyone have a clue why these  kids are so f 'ed up?  Its scary and a shame and just down right depressingI truly hope they pass around that picture of him with "killer" on his shirt to his fellow inmates.  And, I hope this coward gets the jailhouse justice he deserves...  Don't drop the soap.

Going in, o, after the first night, O. A 1 dollar bullet could save taxpayers $$$$. End of story. No remorse, no hope. Another clueless piece of (fill in the blank).

Why would he be allowed to wear that shirt into court?

I hope his "life" term does not last his first night in lock up.

Why not the death penalty ?

This guy is a mean bad #$%$!!!   What ever prison he goes too the prisoners had better watch out and keep their distance!!!!!  He will RULE THEIR TERRITORY!!!!!

Where's JUDGE ROY BEAN?

Hahahahah... what a tool.

Hopefully his fellow inmates impose my favorite kind of justice - swift, painful, economic prison justice. No need to keep this guy alive for the rest of his "life".

As a retired Corrections officer, it does my heart good to know what's in store for this pale, scrawny, wannabe tough guy. He'll be used as currency.Boy, he going to learn what killers lives are really like.

This kid is ridiculous. He may act all tough in a court room but all that will change the moment he gets beat beat up and raped. I wish endless decades of torture on this idiot.

More birth control is needed

So, what drugs was he on?  Legal, prescribed drugs that is.

I really wonder why did he committed the rampage? Is he bullied in his school? Or he's the bully?Maybe parents should remind your kid not to be a bully and not to mess around with others. Or they might endanger themselves, who knows. It's wise to be a low key person these days.

Please note these murders received very little press cause Obama was in 24/7 campaign mode and was technically back then pro-gun. Now with four more years the koksucker shows his true colors.

I can't wait until he is raped in prison and then i bet his statement that the hand that shot those boys is the one he uses to masturbate in their memory won't be so funny.  This article doesn't tell you but that is what was said to the family.  He should of been sentenced to death.

This kid will last 5 years tops in prison.  They'll "play" with him for the first 5 years, then he gets shanked.  Book it!

dirt bag sissy he has got something coming called karma or bubba

what should be written on cutie pie's shirt is somebody's b*t*h!!But if he didn't have access to assault weapons then these killings could have been prevented...

The judge should have ordered his shirt back on

Think of what awaits him in prison for the rest of his life. He doesn't know it....yet.

All in favor of frying this idiot this weekend, say I,   thanks!!!!!!!

A mentally very sick individual.

What a waist of a perfectly good white boy.

was there any church attended by this fellow? I doubt if he had been baptized. The devil is alive and well. Look around. and if you see the devil ,MOCK HIM , he hates that.

No conscience.  I pity people who do not have one or cannot develop one.  That is not to say they shouldn't receive just punishment, however.  My sorrow first is for those who died and their families who are changed in this life forever.

hey toughguy, you will be crying for momma in a week. Have a fun life

He'll be needing to wear Depends real soon... and for a long time......Why life in prison without parole??? There is no chance of rehabilitation, which is the main purpose of imprisonment.  Gas this fool!!  He will experience a world filled with butt rape in his very near future!

Typical

"I hope you have a cold, rough, unkind, harsh prison life with monsters like yourself," Dina Parmertor said. "I want you to endure years and years of pain, and abuse, which is in my opinion not harsh enough."Sounds like high school for him. You should ask the question, what would make someone do something like this? Just about everyone has bullied someone in their day, so I am not blaming the victims in this case. Nor am I justifying the shooters actions.He was set to graduate early and still felt a need to kill those kids. His life was miserable before the shooting. Based on his lack of remorse and yelling at the families, it tells me he can't let go what happened in high school. His life would have continued to be harsh even after high school.Just putting this kid down like a rabid dog, like some posters suggest, solves nothing. It doesn't bring the other kids back. It doesn't raise the suffering of the shooting, in fact it lessons it. His problems will be over. It wont bring comfort to the families of the victim, even though they think it will.Bullying is part of our animal selves. It's our desire to be the alpha dog. In the animal kingdom, it works, but in the human world, the little dog that gets put in his place sometimes grabs a gun.

This kid is a joke.  He needs to be exterminated.  I have no sympathy for him at all.

have fun killer my u get what you deserve

You got to hand it to him - at least he didn't fake remorse and lie about how how terrible he feels.  That gets on my nerves more than honesty even if it's horrific honesty.

You can tell the "agenda" this writer and has regarding guns....she just cant help but bring up Sandy Hook every chance she gets....stick to the story, its awful enough on its own....

He should be publicly hung for all to see and then some of these idiots might think twice before  comitting acts like these! And when they get him into prison and there will be people there who will make him scream !

I in all honesty hope this kid chokes to death on all the cum that's pumped in his mouth from the line of all the sweaty thugs that made him their b(i)tch.

I am glad he wasn't elligible for the death penalty. I am sure he will be begging for it after a few years.Kids his age thinks its a joke. The POS will get whats coming to him in prison and become someones wife.....

Should be death by firing squad.

The family of the victims showed great restraint in that courtroom. More than I could have. The defendant should be executed.

1 more crazy Libturd put down !

He should have gotten death. There is no justice here.

Wait a second.  Was this in Ohio or Newtown, Connecticut? Mine as well list a bunch more shootings.

I don,t think he is going to injoy prision life very much

I wouldn't be giving an obscene gesture in prison.

He is not worth the public funds to maintain him in prison for the rest of his life.  I resent the cost of it.  He was giving away .22 cal ammo.  He should get a couple back.

Why the hell don't people like him get the death penalty? instead the victims families will be paying taxes to foot the 50 k or so a year it takes to house this demented piece of #$%$ for life. A .45 bullet is less than a dollar.OMG! look at this "boy" and I mean boy as in child because those animals in prison will eat him alive!

Life in prison??? What is that going to cost us?? Cable TV's, weight rooms, three square meals a day and an allowance. What a friggin country.

Why should society have to provide room and board for inmates if they are given life sentences, The heinous molesters, rapist and murderers, such acts deserve death, a quick rope and its done. Its a financial drain on resources and tax payers money wasted to keep these people alive for decades at a time. Those same resources should be at least provided to the homeless, sick and poor. STOP WASTING MONEY &amp; KILL THEM.

yet another reason we need the death penalty.  Here is an unrepentant killer of the worst degree and the taxpayers have to pay for him the rest of his life, not to mention the guards he may kill, poison or make bombs or worse.  They is no sane reason why this "thing" needs to live.  Let him go to his reward or spend in solitary = now that would be one think but we can't do it because its cruel and unusual.  so our justice system broken at the expense of those who are law abiding.  I wonder what headlines will appear when he kills again?

as young as he is there is no rehabilitation for him...so why not the death row scene?? there is something really going arhye with all these killings..is it drugs meanness or poor parenting or a combination of all?? it is really getting scary

i will provide the 25 cents necessary to put a bullet in his head.  now, we are going to spend a million tax payer dollars over the course of the next 40+ years to keep him in jail.

He should be tied to a post and burned alive!

why didnt this tool get the Death Penalty??

We need to outlaw teenagers in this country.

I will give him this, at least he is denying what a POS he is then....He'll have a better use for that finger when he gets to prison.

This child will soon find out in prison that death is not always the worst alternative.

Ban all shirts that say "killer"

Here come old flat top, he come groovin' up slowly, he got ju ju eyeball, he one holy roller - he got - hair - down - to - his - knees &gt;&gt;got to be a joker he just do what he please...

life without parole is too nice. he needs to get the death penalty. he KILLED 3 people for God's sake!

I wouldn't cry if he got shanked in prison.

Typical!

how long is america gonna have to house this turd... forever, all the while he gets frequent doc visits gettin his rearend stiched up. how much is that gonna cost tax payers.

Don't drop the soap in the shower kid.

Wonder how many hundreds of hours of shooter video games this prick has played?Can someone just take him OUT of the gene pool for good?POS doesn't deserve three hots and a cot on taxpayer money.

Another example of a weak legal system, life... should be executed...

He should have been given the death penalty. Now, tax payers must support him in prison for the rest of his life. He is an evil breed of vermin.

kill him!!!!!!!!!!!

This guy ruined his entire life. Likely candidate for suicide.

Hope that was fun, enjoy the rest of your long life as a nobody.

What is the point of the last paragraph?  Why even mention what happened at Sandy Hook Elementary?

I agree he should suffer for years for what he did. Ask yourself this "why so many school shooting now" could it be something more than nut cases doing this. Someone  wants gun taken away from Americans, could they influence other to help by doing these terrible things. Or maybe all the video games these kids play could be partly to blame as they teach killing and violence.

He'll be someone's #$%$ in no time. Won't be smilin' too much then,

Let his new "Buddys" in prison take care of him. I don't think the taxpayers will end up spending more than $50k on him..They should cut both of his middle fingers off so he couldn't flip anyone else off again.  Lets see how unremorseful he is after a short time in prison as some big black guy's #$%$!

how the hell does this happen?? all crazy and random

Why was he allowed to wear a t-shirt saying "killer" to his court hearings? What ever happened to prison clothes? Or are we afraid to take away his freedom of expression?

One more person the tax payers have to pay for for life.

Organ donor while still alive.

He is evil, it's that simple. I also don't understand why he gets to live even in jail, he does not deserve it, he certainly did not show mercy to his victims even now he still taunts  the victim's families..

This kid was unfit for trial.  Convictions should be overturned.

little T.J. won't be so tuff once in the general prison population with the gangs and all-out thugs. I bet he'll cry like a beeoch.

Im sorry, Evil is what it is. Someone is going to make the excuse we need better laws or we should have listen to this young man, sorry no excuse just hang the clown.Someone comming back from the war zone I would have a better understanding and would not take the same positions.

I say put him in a cell with Sandusky!"Lane's attack in February 2012 was one of several mass shootings in the United States last year, including a massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut December.""A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips."What do either of these paragraphs have anything to do with this article?

Evil guns.  Damn guns made him do it.

@bertha: one can only do so much with the information from other cases. The variables are too great in each case to have a "book" on how to know a killer before he kills.

What a putrid excuse for a human being!

I wonder what lane said in his statement.

Tiffany, the neighborhood I grew up in was pretty rough, being bullied was a daily thing, although I know there were and still are worse places to grow up, but I think I turned out pretty normal, I'm not evil, devilish, and not hateful, even though my strong sense of right and wrong may seem like it sometimes, I'm not mentally ill, just a little crazy at times, but I have never, ever thought about killing someone or myself, so for you to say that a killer is as normal as me, I take offense to.  They maybe as normal as you, in which case they police should probably keep an eye on you.  I have been through alot in my life, no more than anybody else, but more than some, and it's not what you go through, it's how you handle it that makes a difference.  I think there is alot of difference between the person that thinks about the consiquinces of their actions, and the person that responds to their rage and emotions, which this guy did and should be dealt with accordingly, he shows no remorse and does not regret his actions, so I don't think he could ever be rehabilitated, and the punishment should fit the crime, execute him

Ijust wonder if he was on behavioral Meds while growing up. those drugs that parents give to children has to be part of this problem

I never got the "Bubba" mindset from commenters when someone despicable gets sentenced. Just who is "Bubba" anyway? Maybe he's just as despicable as the inmate you want him to molest. Why should Bubba get a "prison perk"? It's bad enough these inmates still run gangs from prison, order killings on the outside, and tie up the court system filing lawsuits against the State for not serving crunchy peanut butter (yes, that did happen). What would I like to have as a punishment for this guy? Watch the movie "Papillion", either working in the malaria infested swamps or doing solitary in complete silence where talking is forbidden and if you do you get your already low rations cut and after a couple days your eating a stew made from water and as many cockroaches you can gather up from the floor.

Too  bad no death penalty, wasting all that money to keep him  in prison for life.

Too bad he didn't massacre La Pierre and a bunch of gun freaks...Somehow, I feel that we have FAILED society.......Be right back, it's my turn to play CALL OF DUTY 4 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What a #$%$ freak. Hope he gets butt raped and beaten in prison.

Life in prison is more of a deterent to murder than the Death Penalty.  Notice how many people who commit murder kill themselves because they are afraid of serving decades in lockup.  Abolish the Death Penalty!  Make Murderers Pay!

Put him in a cell an throw away the key. Free education,medial,clothes, shoes,roof, haet\ac,an dates. What a life.

Conservatives are very content to vile a low life instead of acting to prevent a recurrence.  Punishing the offender is the only thing that matters to them.

So, every school shooting from now until the end of time, they ill talk about this Newton, CT scrub? What, Columbine wasnt enough for the media, now they have a new golden boy? I think the media is just as much a part of these stories as the shootings themselves. They glorify these sort of things and make money on the backs of dead children. It is no longer reporting.

"Because he was 17 at the time of the shooting, he is ineligible for the death penalty. He faces a maximum of life without parole."  I thought death would be the max over life in prison?

Kill him in the same manner! That would stop most if not all of that stupid #$%$! Death by firing squad, simple! We are in real need of new laws!

Well,  if he  keeps the attitude, his  life  sentence will be a short  one,  people in a super-max  tend  to  be  slightly  less  patient,  he  better  learn to  swallow  when  he  is  told.

Why does it seem every story leads back to Sandy Hook?I thought there were laws against cruel and unusual punishment in America?  When the judge seems to think that his sentence will include, years of harsh abuse, that sentence is not acceptable in America!Say what you want about the killer, the judge has violated the law.These activist judges must be stopped!

Those still screaming in the faces of the victim's families , friend's &amp; spiritual supporters such as myself &amp; tens of millions of others are certainly not in ownership of the solution. They are a lot worse than the affiant whom murdered 3 students in Chardom, Ohio !  With 92 percent of Americans strongly supporting the common sense reforms that would have been passed only if they joined us in the petition to our government for a redress of this grievance promising to vote out all incumbents in 2014 not in support of GIT R DONE ASAP HOT !  On the back or u r envelopes &amp; in e-mails write : the above petition , enclose a signed &amp; dated letter with your address &amp; phone number too then on the front bottom left corner of u r envelopes draw this angry face but stand it up.   }:-(  Spouses &amp; householld members 18 &amp; up must send seperate letters &amp; e-mails so your votes will count too.

Say "Hello" to your upcoming life of jail gang rape, you looser!!1FREE THE STEUBENVILLE TWO!!!

he laugh's at the victims now..but BUBBA will make him cry later!

Mr. Badass' t-shirt isn't going to prevent him from becoming someone's #$%$ in prison. I hope his parents send him plenty of Vaseline, he's going to need it.

I know a few of you lefties will disagree but...I Sincerely hope that he is brutally raped daily with various random objects and beat senseless unmercifully for what will hopefully be 70 + years. That alone will not nearly be enough punishment for this animal.Many Libs will argue that he had a rough childhood or that some other contributing factor caused this poor boy to do such a heinous act...They will write him letters to comfort him... all the while forgetting who the true victims were.They will protest against the Death Penalty because it is too inhumane... forgetting how "Humane" he was to his victims and their families...These, America, are the types of people who voted your President into office. This same President embraces these same ideologies.Now do you see why America is slowly deteriorating?Watch the amount of Thumbs down and my point will be proven.

Makes me ashamed to be a resident of the state of Ohio.

It a show, bet he crys when he gets threre.. and gets his #$%$ beaten not so tough without your gun are you punk.

And how does the last sentence relate to the rest of the article?  Journalism really is dead.

A teenager in Fed prison... not too hard to figure out that this sewer trash may find it a little less pleasant than he expected when he meets his older peers. I'm guessing they'll teach him a few new lessons about the meaning of cruelty.  I say GOOD, a simple execution would have been too easy for him.Tee-shirt should have read, "BOY TOY".

The state allows abbortions of the innocent yet to be born, but wont impose the death penalty on a 17 year old who purposely killed 3 people. Seems kind of screwed up to me.

We should provide free cigarettes to folks serving  life terms.

Huh...he doesn't look like a muslim...

Death is something he will pray for after the BOY'S in C - Block are finished with him.

I'm a death penalty advocate but in this case I think life is a suitable punishment.  A lethal injection would be too easy...prefer to think of him as spending a long life of suffering at the hands of his fellow, caged, degenerate animals!

Three degrees, 21+ years clinical practice (individual/emergency/family/et al) in therapeutic psychology I have learned one truism: As rare as it may be there are, tragically, some people who are born evil. The sooner we remove them from society the better.

they should make #$%$ cheny and george bush wear a shirt like that for starting that war over oil for the rest of there lives

Reminds me of that one girl that got her sentence doubled a little while ago when she was acting ditzy in the court and flipped off the judge. These kids don't realize that acting rebellious is only making a bad situation worse.

Oh boy, fresh meat! Said Bubba to his cell mate!!!NRA hero!!!

Thank you god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! President Barack Obama, great call.

Yep, this makes sense, life in prison... Here's your tax dollars at work, keeping killers, rapists &amp; child molestors behind bars. I read in my local paper that it costs $24K a year to house one inmate. We give them meals, laundry, cable, better health care than our seniors on Medicare get... Yep, gettin what he deserves, right?! Ridiculous...

do people understand that being caged up with access to only their own sexual gender for 20 plus years is a deterrent

It's all fun and games until his fellow prisoners get a hold of him.

He'll be peeing sitting down by the second day in prison.  He will soon be someone's B****.

His cellmate's shirt will say BUBBA on it.

Must be Ctard's kid.  He's not going to be much of a "killer" in prison.  He strikes me as one of those kids that will end up dressing like a girl and servicing prisoners.

Wow where has the moral fiber in our youth gone??. Now another teen will endure the rath he has brought to himself. Once those doors slam shut &amp; all life ceases as you know it, the reality of your savagery will haunt you forever. Pray they put you in solitary as you wouldnt last 5 seconds in general population tuff guy.

They do need to put him in general population he will know what we do to killersIf the sentence was death by hanging, and people got hung within 15 minutes after the trial.  This coward would be shedding tears.  If there is undeniable proof that someone committed murder the only sentence should be immediate death IMO.

I do to cause he don't have mommy and daddy to save him now.he is all alone. I bet he wishes he never did that now

This kids parents should go to jail too!! In CHina if your family commits a serious crime. You go to jail and your parents have to pay for your food while in Prison. Seems fair to me. while waiting for the death penalty. CHina has a far more advanced system with this !!

Give this kid a few years in solitary confinement and he will wish he got the death penalty.  Inmates who have been to solitary will tell you there is nothing worse you can do to them than take away human contact.  It breaks there minds quickly.

Put money on someones Book that will take care of him

He'll love the Saturday night showers.

Prison RAPE is not a joke. Yes, you are feeling outraged, and obviously vengeful. But RAPE is NEVER a joke. Men in prison for selling marijuana -- no comparison to murder -- are raped. Men who are convicted of embezzling money may also get raped in prison. This villain is twisted with hatred and contempt for human life, to be sure. But what defense or explanation do YOU offer for the obscene case of UGLY MOUTH  exhibited by so many of you, crying for revenge and RAPE? Your IQ is showing (as well as your heart)...

One bullet, save some money.

How does attempt to ban assault weapons have anything to do with this article.  This monster of a young mammal used a .22 caliber pistol.  Seems that there might be a bend to this article that is not appropriate.

What did they do to him, to push him over the edge like this. Very angry kid, do very sad.The death penalty should be mandatory in all 50 states- without all the endless appeals to higher courts that serve no purpose other than to increase the fat cat lawyers' income and cost our states revenue. If these monsters who commit cold-blooded murder were executed speedily, millions of dollars would be saved, and I believe the swift executions would serve as a deterrent to criminals who might just think twice before pulling their triggers if they knew they'd be executed, instead of given life on the public dole.It would ease overcrowding in our prisons and save billions of dollars for our states in a short period of time. It costs upwards of $25,000 per year per inmate to support these rabid animals who've shown nothing but contempt for the young lives they've taken! How long will our government take to see the sense of this proposal?

I worked at a prison, he'll be placed safely away from everyone unfortunately.  Would be cheaper to walk him outside and hang him from a tree limb.

Take him out behind the Courthouse and spend .25 cents on one more round In the same gun he used

He's used to being around and interacting with high school kids.  He'll lose his attitude soon enough when he gets to prison and starts interacting with hard-core inmates.

What did this incident have to do with Newtown? It seems like any story related to gun violence has a reference to Newtown and proposed gun control legislation- even in a story about a sentencing for a crime that happened about a year before Newtown. Did I miss something?

DEATH PENALTY.

Kill him

What a #$%$ to take the shirt off and look down at the ground.  Come on tough guy and hold your head up if you're proud.

they need to bring back firing squads, injection is way too humane for this fool he needs to feel so real pain before his death

Before commenting... take time to read up on the history of this kid...will someone take an Ohio water sample please....rape and murder out of Ohio by children just doesnt sit well with the rest of us....and can someone talk to the parents of kids in America today and remind them they have children to take care of once in a while!

This young man is mentally ill. He is guilty and should serve his time, but there is something wrong with him to be that uncaring and disregarding of everyone, something is missing. I always wonder about the effects of violent video games on kids and young adults.  I work in correctional facilities with convicted felons on a daily basis. I see more violent crimes committed by younger and younger people.  The crimes are more violent and callus than say even 10 years ago. I know a young man who could be this young man, he played video games hourly on a daily basis growing and has violent tenancies and has had since he was about 11.  He was very bright but now lives in a darkened room away from the world because he hates the world.  I think the frustration of not winning and having to re-try many times to get to the next level, plus the violence is what triggers this is some people.

Good thing all those liberals didn't take away our guns - this is why we have the second amendment -- to shoot up schools, apparently.  School's out forever.

You liberals need to get over yourselves and we need to reinstate the death penalty asap. need to kill all these losers so that future losers see what they have in store. no more appeals and prison time for 20 years while waiting on death row. If the person is caught red handed death right when the trial is over.

Randy the rest of us have to pay for what he did, and the same with all these loonies, and it will not stop with those stupid gun laws they are trying to pass.

He obviously wasn't "feigning" mental illness.  Anyone who carefully plans and follows through with a shooting in their high school cafeteria IS mentally ill.  Those who commit crimes of passion aren't necessarily mentally ill, but those who plan massacres like this are, by definition.  I'm not saying I disagree with his sentence.  I want whatever will keep the public safe.  But it is sad that no one noticed that he was mentally ill and needed treatment years ago.  I'm not sad for him, but for his victims.

I hope he lives to a ripe old age and gets to enjoy every second of his 3 life stay in prison.

only white people.........

This is a very sick and disturbed individual.

Where are the conservative dumb bums defending the 2nd amendment?I love this country its like a action movie there is always a killing

Finally, I can sense some justice here, because this is a fact: this twink is going to get his butt tore up so bad in prison.. every single day for the rest of his life.  I only wish the same thing could have happened to those two Steubenville rapists.

Never heard this story till now.  So does this mean including .22 in a gun ban?

it,s beginging to be total overkill(no pun intended) to have every story about a shooting or a trial from a shooting to bring up the newtown shooting. its almost the writers and editors of all these stories want the readers to think there is some connection

and what were his (shooter's) parents reactions during this sentencing hearing?..  just have to shake your head...  what a waste..  rather, what a waste that he is ineligible for the death penalty

skinny dudes dont do well with the big bobs

Part him out. 17 year old body parts

Anyone ever think he was bullied into becoming a killer by those boys. Maybe they broke him and he just had it. Why doesn't anyone ever look at these killers as bullied children that could not cope with the bullying. Just saying..

now he gets truly free health care.  whereas the rest of us are going to get unfree free health care.

EVERY single story about anyone using a gun while committing a violent act has to have a mention of Sandy Hook.  Come on Yahoo, really ??  Your extreme bias, and lack of perspective becomes more glaring with each new article.No remorse, then they shouldn't have any remorse for executing the #$%$.  Sympathize with him if you like, but remember where you can find sympathy in the dictionary.  If you don't deal with them before they kill they should be dealt with harshly after they kill, severe penalties are meant to be a deterent, and should be applied with extreme prejudice.

Good riddance #$%$. Odd how he used a small caliber and low capacity gun though. Thought #$%$ like this always used assault rifles with 30 round clips...oh wait, that's what the media wants us to think.

Rot away........

Don't be surprised if he gets killed in prison.

Have fun being the jailhouse b*tch youngblood, hope your parents manage to smuggle some KY jelly from time to time...and try not to like it...too much.

He got off easy.  Not to mention, life sentences w/o parole are sometimes commuted.

Why? Why? Why? Why would a bright physically healthy boy, with his whole life ahead of him, be angry and arrogant enough to do something so evil and show no remorse a year later,??!!!!!!?? He can't be sane.... Or can he,???!!

Who cares if he was 17 when he did it. Give him the death sentence and stop using tax payers money to house these pieces of #$%$*

ThankGod is over,all americans should support background check,to curb the gun violent in the country...cathycommy.

Just had to throw in the SANDY HOOK shooting  ,in case anybody had forgotten .a##hole writers and editorsMaybe he was just "standing his ground" in the face of four bullies?

"President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips"AND A SO CALLED HIGH CAPACITY ASSAULT WEAPON WASN'T EVEN USED!! ANTI-GUN OBAMA!!!!!!!!! A PRESIDENT SHOULD NOT USE SOMETHING THAT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH A TRADGEDY FOR HIS OWN PERSONL AGENDA!!

Don't worry Democrats...I'm sure a liberal judge will let him out within 5 years.

Typical american kid....most likely the mother and father are Republicans/Tea Party, loves to watch Fox News, a member of NRA, grandparents are members of KKK, loves to play violent video games and are racist.....

I would love to see an interview with him after about six months of hard time. I bet that stupid az smurk would be gone.

You never heard of this when parents and teachers had the right to give spankings,now they just shove pills down the young developing kids.It's too late to go back to the good old days now,we lack the backbone to do the right thing.

Typical gun nut.

They should have shot him in the parking lot, we need to stop hugging these crazies if you kill a bunch of kids like a rabid dog you need to be put down.What about the other shooters no one is talking about? We're not getting the whole story. Criminals have more rights than the people that follow the laws.

Use him for target practice and start at the toes, and work up..but don't kill him..let him suffer with wounds left untreated....make him a poster child for the NRA

Give his parents the death penalty!This is the result of METHthe USA Government and the JJ33wwwss that profit from the METH and COCAINE,are the real criminals responsible for all this Terrible suffering!Repent to GOD usa!End the METH and COCAINE,that is destroying our Country!

Reuters you LIBERAL rag!!! What does an assault weapon ban have to do with a shooting that took place with a hand gun? NOTHING just pushing the OBAMA agenda!

NRA say something ...

While this criminal will no doubt get what he has coming to him, the surprise will be the guilty judgment of those who have condemned him in their hearts.  On THE day of judgment all who have not forgiven will be found wanting before the Lord.

A bullet would be cheaper than a life sentence here.

"This hand I used to shoot your kids is the same hand I use to masterbate with to their memory." Then he flips them off.Wow... I can not believe he would say that. This kid has got to be completely insane. No normal, rational human being would say that no remorse what so ever.

Some things that are not well known about Sandy Hook Connecticut are the laws that were in place and broken that day. Before considering passing some law....maybe it would be good to know what already exists.Aside from murder, attempted Murder, the most obvious laws that were broken. Why is no one saying anything about the laws in Connecticut at the time of the alleged Adam Lanza shootings. Also a note..the firearm that was alleged to be the solitary murder weapon, The AR 15 is specifically listed in the State's Penal Code as illegal as well. How will these same laws help anyone any where?  Sec. 53-202b. Sale or transfer of assault weapon prohibited. Class C felony.Sec. 53-202c. Possession of assault weapon prohibited. Class D felony.Sec. 53-202j. Commission of a class A, B or C felony with an assault weapon: Eight-year nonsuspendable sentence.Sec. 53-202k. Commission of a class A, B or C felony with a firearm: Five-year nonsuspendable sentence.Sec. 53a-217b. Possession of a weapon on school grounds: Class D felonyPlease think before giving up rights.....of any kind.

Where's the crys for banning .22's??

What is wrong with these people. How can't you have remorse for killing a persons loved ones. Then to taunt with wraring of the shirt. That smirk will soon turn fear. His nights with pain. His prayers fir God to just end his life. Yes I said "God ". Rven a rvil person will seek the protection from the horrible that await him. There is worse evil than he. He will soon find out. They also are awaiting his entrance to inflict vontinual pain. These, acts will be a daily occurance in his everday life. Not like his crime of killing aand its over.  Nope they await him. They have plans for him im sure.

A true demon... This is what a White-Ngg@r looks like; the same kind that perpetrated the Atlantic slave trade! Completely void of a soul... unadulterated Vampirism exemplified by yours truly, the incarnation of EVIL!He won't be such a smart#$%$ when he gets to prison.

Most killers or as normal as any human not mentally ill. Just evil, devilish, hateful, or just bullied to the point of no return.

Alot of children need theyre #$%$es beat like back when I was growing up. I bet that would alieviate alot of these outburst going on today. They need to learn respect for other people @ an early age. When I was a kid theyre wasnt any adderol or any medication for "troubled children" you got your #$%$ beat AND put on punishment.

98% blame on the Liberal news media for the 24/7, here's how it's done be famous, news to the teenagers

This comment is bocked? What's the purpose of showing THAT

One thing I do agree about:  the owner of the gun should have some sort of legal action against him.Just as they are supposed to go after parents that provide liquor at parties, they should also go after gun owners whose weapon is not secured and used in a crime.

He isn't gonna be such tough guy for long in jail.  He'll be owned pretty quick.

Less than 100 comments, with none racist? How can that be, on a crime article? Oh, hold on a sec, let me scroll up.........no wonder, the guy is white. My bad, carry on.

He'll end up being someones girlfriend in prison

Fine, Now leave OUR guns alone, libs.And, leave him in jail -- no sympathy release, because he gets religion in ten years or so.Lane won't be grinning so smugly when his new prison pals carve "killer" into his forehead with a dull jagged shiv.

Blame the shooters and not those who bullied him. What a #$%$ up society.

Before us is a man so evil that he must fear all that is good in the world for it will stomp at his head like the serpent.   Here is a man, who will find the good, even in the worst of people, and be attacked by it.   Here is a man who thinks he will be remembered.   Here is a man who thinks he will be respected.   Here is a man who will be tortured and haunted for the very few days he has left in his life before he is dead and completely forgotten.

all these shooters are full of demons. Jesus said " in my name you will cast out demons."   the  apostolic pentecostal churches understand  Gods word and baptize in Jesus name so we can have the power to do the same in his name.  All power and authority is in his name. acts 2 38  39.  Receiving  gods spirit is for us today as it was on the day of Pentecost when the first cectury  apostles received Gods spirit.   these churches are your local phonebook, No joke. it will save your life.  !!!!!!!!!

Boy, those Aryan Brotherhood gangs will be going Nuts deep on this young white piece of tender white meat.., wonder will he be as bold like he was in court......!

Another young man lost to the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang for life............

Something is terribly wrong with our Young Teenage men these last few years....there doesn't seem to be any unity among these fellows..brothers, male cousins, best friends, school mates, team mates, community leaders and fathers and son's., they are not being taught social responsibilities by their Fathers....

When will the gun madness stop?!  No one seems to care about the victims of these horrific crimes while the perpetrators, the NRA and true gun nuts have the idea that nothing should be done to cutb access to firearms and ammunition.  And, mealy mouth politicians are afraid of losing their  government jobs (the ones that we the people, with our tax dollars, pay their salaries).

Don't be stupid... it's quite rare to see such an overt sociopath.

Why would they let him wear that t shirt in court?Don't be stupid... The fact that most of the people on yahoo think its OK for people to be raped/killed in prison is more sickening than this crime.

NRA poster boy.

Big arms you have their boy and One fine white ,,,,,I'll be on after dark ( Jail mate )

Boy-oh-boy is he a darling, and he's got the prettiest little mouth.Very foolish behavior for a skinny young doll that is headed off to a life in prison.

I don`t agree he feigned mentall illness. He may have feigned to have a mental illness he did not have but this is by no means a healthy brain at work.

Well, an attitude and he's heading for the real prison, not jail.I give him less than three years before some old convict beats him to death.

He's your average good white boy Amerikan killer, he's what Amerika is all about

May be then he'll get himself #$%$ in his pant.

Funny how the reporter had to throw newtown and the "assault weapons ban" in there but not mention the kind of gun he used. Now your going to have a bunch of idiots thinking he used a ar15 or something of the sort. He used a Ruger MK III which is a .22 caliber target handgun that only holds 10 rounds and wouldn't fall under any "assault weapons ban".

Tragic for both side.  They all so young .  So sad it happen .  Just think , anyone of the kids could be your kid.hi

Given the fact that virtually every mass shooter in recent history has been on some form of SSRI drug, expect the corporate press, much of which is funded by Big Pharma advertising, to want to keep the fact quiet.  By hiding the clear link to anti-psychotic drugs, the establishment can continue to blame guns and the second amendment for the tragic shooting. However, if and when an SSRI connection is made, the gun control argument will be severely diluted. - Paul Joseph WatsonLanza's uncle reported that Adam was taking the horrific antipsychotic "medication" Fanapt. The hack media and the politicians will talk guns, video games, parenting, movies, sun spots; anything to protect big pharma. If we don't stand up to them thousands will continue to die.These recent shootings are yet another tragic examples of the failed, grotesque insistence on helpless victim zones where any crazed gunman can be assured of a large number of disarmed, undefended, helpless victims, all crammed into one place, where he can kill many children before an armed defender arrives from elsewhere.  It is disturbing and sick that the federal government so hates the right of the American people to bear arms, and so hates their natural right to self defense, that the government insists on making them helpless, disarmed victims for anyone who cares to kill them.   And in this case, all of the teachers and staff were willfully disarmed by the Federal Government, by force of law and threat of prison, to ensure that they would be disarmed and incapable of saving the lives of the children entrusted to their care.That makes the Federal Government complicit in the deaths of these children, and in fact an accessory to their mass murder, by forcibly disarming (with the very real threat of prison) all the teachers, all the staff, and any parent who may have been on school property.  That stupid law guaranteed the shooters would meet no immediate armed resistance, which is exactly what is needed to stop such an attack.In such a shooting (as in every criminal attack), seconds count, and the people best positioned to stop the attack are the people on the scene - the intended victims and/or their care-takers.  In this case, that would mean the teachers and staff of the school, and also the parents, who should have the ability to save the lives of their own children as they take them to and from school.By the way - Chicago - highest gun crime rate ... strictest gun control. Washington D. C. second highest gun crime rate... up until recently, strictest gun control behind Chicago. Los Angeles, New York... all, strict gun control. All highest gun violence. Mexico - the populace may not carry a weapon - 40,000 dead last year in GUN violence. Canada - no weapons. Gun violence rising fast. Homeowners go to jail (As my brother's neighbor just did) for defending one's self with a weapon. Norway - strict gun control. Last year's largest mass murder. Getting the picture yet?Senator Feinstein needs to READ the last 10-year ban results - IT PROVED WORTHLESS!But no, then the libs and gun-control elites won't have the ammo they need to disarm us Americans... which is their goal. Sounds like the 'Fast and the Furious' Scandal for Americans:  first with adults in theaters, malls and places of worship, but that did not work as well as letting innocent children die in this so-called gun free zones.By the way, isn't selling guns to Mexican drug-lords illegal too?  As far I am concern, again - these recent killings and shootings reck of a 'Fast and the Furious' gun operation on U.S. citizens.

Newton shouldn't even be mentioned, it was an government op. You have to be #$%$ to believe the lies. So many of you sheep will be offended by this, let me ask you why medical personnel were held back at Newton? That would be the first time ever. Watch the Newton conspiracy video and look up operation northwoods. Wake up sheeple

Too bad this worthless, remorseless POS is ineligible for the death penalty.

I love that little sly smirk this punk (TJ Lane) has on his face... I want to see if he can muster that same expression 5 days from now, after he has had every #$%$ in that prison shoved up his #$%$...While we consider many of the people locked up in prison to be the #$%$ of the earth... people in prison consider people like TJ LANE to be the #$%$ of the earth... Prison justice will take care of his vile sorry existence... he will spend the next 70 years getting train-raped and beaten to within an inch of his #$%$ life!Sometimes there is a little bit of justice in the world...

This boy is possessed by a demon!  As WS in the days of Noah so shall it be in the end times!

So why wasn't this publicized like the other shootings? That's right. He used a .22 CALIBER PISTOL!!!!! Another example of "selectice journalism."

Hate to disappoint everyone, but the odds are nothing is going to happen to him except he will soon find out he is nothing special and no one is going to care. Bubba is just a myth.

Looks like the punk 's brother that killed all those kids at the  Newtown, Connecticut, massacre. I'll bet the boys in prison are just rubbing their hand together and dreaming about getting their hands on this punk when he hits the prison. He won't make it 24 hours in general population before he loses his cherry. I hope it is 12 inches long 3 inches diameter wound up on Viagra. Bend over little boy. See if you can kill this....LOL OH YAAAAAAAA

That kid should not get the decency of having 3 square meals nd medical care in prison he shud be executed immediately something entertaining like a public hanging nd just maybe the next would be shooter will think twiceOhio, figures.

Put him down just like the rabid animal he is.

What #$%$ me off about news outlets is they take an article we want to read and have to make it about a totally unrelated piece of news. Sandy Hook has absolutely nothing to do with what this article is about. Leave it out of the article. There is no need to sensationalize a tragedy for filler to a smaller news article. Frankly I'm disgusted in the author of this article.

@Joe excellent idea!  I'm for that 110%!

@Lane, the cowardly jerkfuckdickhead ... you might as well go ahead and bend over, and then Super Glue your hands to the outsides of your ankles --- this is a position you will QUICKLY become accustomed to after your new bubba BBF's introduce themselves to you, up close and personal, while you get used to your new cell at an Ohio state prison ... you WILL suffer ... now YOU will be on the receiving "end" (so to speak) of the violence, but YOU deserve it!!!

Waterboard him everyday for "therapy".

He should have been removed from the courtroom when he used that vulgar shirt, and forced to were an orange jump suit. I would bet his defiance changes after he is released into the general population of the prison he's going to.

Oh yeah... real tough kid now. Way to get those bullies. Wait until he meets the other bullies and we'll see how he deals with them.

what an idiot  , did he have parents

My heart and prayers for the loss of their loved ones. This kind of unrepentant coward should never be allowed to come out of prison even if he pretends to be good and well behaved in prison later. There is just too much cruelty in him. I hope the tormented families will not let this evil person rule in their lives, but live well to honor their loved ones.You know, something is wrong with the US Society and its values. We all should acknowledge this all begins at home.

People liste it looks like nobody gave him any attention so thanks to Yahoo and all of the other media's now he is famous capital punishmen capital punishment time

I wonder if he had ever been drugs for ADHD, the media always seems to try to hide this fact with many of the child aged killers.

Glad he wasn't eligible for the death penalty, now he may have 45 to 50 years to think about it.But, just looking at him, he won't last anywhere near that long.

Great now he's gonna get a PhD in prison. Just great!!!

Don't be stupid... you sort of have to give it up for someone who stands behind his convictions.

Don't be stupid...  Now normally, I'd wish a painful death on a person like this. But this kid is SO young. He could easily live for 60 years in prison. Can you even fathom that amount of time? He has to spend the rest of his long life thinking every single day about what he could be doing if he wasn't in that cage. The accomplishments that he could have achieved, the women he could have been with, the family he could have raised. Things that he could have had, but will never have. He will spend a literal lifetime in tedious routine and shiatty food for year... after year.... After year. He'll never drive a car, drink a beer, smoke pot around a campfire with friends, lay on a beach, or touch a woman, ever again.   That is if no one shanks him after 3 weeks.

@Don't be stupid..... you are fecking stupid !

I want to plant a tree in a urban area.. then come back in 10 years and burn it down.

Since he's white were going to talk about gun control. If he was black, well, no one cares. Democrats do, but only around election time.I bet the prisoners will help him find a good place for that finger.

He should have written " I am a #$%$ " on his shirt. Because he is going to be someones for a long time.

Can someone please tell me why we waste money processing this idiot in our court system?  Is it not obvious the justice system just needs to step out back and pop him in the head and off to a pine box...  I mean really people-

He is worth at least 5 packs of cigs in the big house!

Get'em Andre!!

They should keep him in that shirt when he rolls into prison. I wonder how well he'll be received?

Wowww T-Shirts really have an influence on people :)

truly, the system is broken.if it weren't, this person would have been routed into a different system years ago, away from the gen pop.if it weren't, there wouldn't have been premature funerals.if it weren't, he'd have never made it into custody after he did commit this crime.if it weren't, he'd never have lived to see a court date.if it  weren't, he wouldn't be facing living on the money i can ill afford to give, for his lifelong support.if it weren't,  i wouldn't be writing this.

He should of joined the army.He could kill innocent people for Israhell and wall street and not have gotten charged.

Hope the inmates give him a real nice warm reception, day in and out for all of his pathetic non deserved life.  Don't let him out himself. let the beatings, gang rapes go on for many decades.When a dog flies off the handle and mauls a kid, we put them to sleep after a 10 day quarantine.I don't think this dude deserves much better.

I say lock his #$%$ in  a room with the parents and give them guns and lets see how he feels when he knows he's about to die

He'll get his.

He'll be popular in the prison showers until they kill the little punk.

"ineligible for the death penalty" - Nice justice system we have....

Lane will know the difference very quickly about the school play yard and prison yard. Enjoy every minute with all the mentally distrubed animals like you!

What a punk. I hope his first twenty years in prison are pure hell and then the next thirty is all misery. He'll be someones girlfriend real soon!

I think that the judge should order to have him tied to a post and let all the family members and friends shoot him with the gun he used, till he's dead !!!!!!!  That should be the new "AMERICAN WAY" of dealing with this on-going #$%$, of idiots killing people with no just cause !!!!!  Show it on tv and make an example !!!!!!  I bet that would slow this #$%$ down !!!

Good bye T.J. You are going were you need to be for the rest of your life. Wait until you find out how tough prison life is. You are in for a sorry surprise.

And it #$%$ me off that he is allowed to hang his head.  "Hold your head high idiot if you think this is something to be proud of ",  your 15 minutes of fameOf course, he's pleading insanity! Nice game?

What is the hidden message in this? think hard.

Good riddance you perverted SOB. His parents should get 10 years for lousy parenting.

Death row, 24-hour lockdown and lots of legal challenges and appeals throughout the years is not the answer here.  It is expensive enough to keep this twerp for three life sentences.  So, let him be where he is accessed by everyone else in the slammer.  I feel immensely sorry for all the families, including his own.

Hang him high by the neck with the pink panties Bubba has bought for him to wear

Our prisons are in dire need of an overhall and RE-FOCUS to that incarceration is truly a punishment and not an alternative lifestyle with "rights" that is presently is. So much hate in the world, see it here on the boards ... sadly some #$%$ also take it out into the world and walk into schools and kill innocents, not only schools but society. It's as if some deadly chemical has been released, which some react to. Perhaps some kind of germ warfare ... so much we don't know, it's scary.

Now we get to pay for him the next 60 years and making our system even more broke. Kill him and save us the dollars. I am sure any of the family members would do it for free.

I bet "Bubba", "Skillet" and the boys down at Lucasville are licking their chops.  He'll have to do 30 days at Corrections Reception Center to in-process as an inmate, but after that he will "fresh meat"!  And add to the fact that he is a skinny little Caucasian, oh, his b*%&amp;# will be PRIME BEEF...RAW PRIME BEEF!! lol!!

Something's got to be wrong in the head with this kid.  How on earth do yong people get to be so violent?  Any statement from the killer's family?

Looks like this kid is going places...I hope he goes to SOCF (Lucasville). he'll get what he deserves.

He gave himself the death penalty.  Bet he's dead within a month.

His tshirt in prison will read "young fresh #$%$"

There will be kharma.

Sentencing these young people to life in prison is a crime in itself! These young folks are a product of a society gone VERY wrong!They should be given the medical help they deserve and the politicians we elect to protect our citizens (especially the young, old and unstable ones) should be held accountable for failing to do their jobs and punished accordingly!

Some people just don't deserve to live.  And the media shouldn't publish his name.  Just address him as Punk #$%$ B1otch

Once an #$%$ always an #$%$?

@ Princeton, Hey idiot this is the way it is written -       

I wonder what he will scrawl on his t-shirt after Bubba gives him his first enema??

Bet I can name the Sunday school he attended.dont see much sympathy coming his way for the years of hell he is going to be spending locked up in jail, nor should there be any for this POS

No child grows up and says,i am going to be a murderer. there is more to this than what you see.

Now keep those pants down below your as- we don't want big billy bob or long leroy to miss you! Put this turd in a cell lock it and give him nothing but food to keep him alive and make him sit there by himself for 70 years!

what the hell is wrong with these teenage boys in Ohio???  is it the water? Inter-breeding?#$%$???

This kind of stuff doesn't usually happen for no reason at that age. I wonder if those students picked on him mercilessly for being smart and for being able to graduate early. Does this justify killing the kids, probably not. But there are always two sides to every coin. I wish I could hear his side.

Judge Judy would kick his #$%$

We will feed and cloth this POS and give him medical for the rest of his life but we can't provide food, clothing and medical to the law abiding citizens in this country, what the hell gives here?

What a douche, he is about as deserving of the attention the media is giving him as a piece of feces on a kennel floor.

Why are they not executing this #$%$? He admitted he murdered these people in cold blood. It sounds like the same lunacy going on in Maryland. They effectively ban private ownership of firearms, and simultaneously ban capital punishment. Public execution is a deterrent to this kind of behavior, regardless of what the useless politicians say.

whats up with these ohio teens, parents just leave the kids once they hit teen years?so... what did he say??

Instead of spending tax dollars to keep his #$%$ alive give it to kids with cancer!

I bio logical waist is a biological waste

He thinks he is a tough cookie now, watch how they take his cookie and break it into pieces. He is going to wish he was dead...

All these comments i agree with, now i have a 9year old that is headed down this same path and for 7years i have been calling the cops and asking every agency for help before he kills and all i get is he is to young. He has already tried to stab me and a classmate at school along with threats of bringing a gun to school and shooting everyone. Police are called almost daily and they say they cannot do anything he is to young wait until he is 12. I feel that someone will be dead befor then. CPS will not even do anything. I have been told by officers that if i lock him out of my house to keep my other children safe they will arrest me for abandonment of a child and then i loose my other kids. So to all of you out there what am i supposed to do.

Wait til he meets a real "killer" in the prison shower.

Shows how mentally he is messed up..his world will come into reality once hes in prison with harden criminals, we in chardon have huge voids that will never be filled, my thoughts and prayers to those families that lost thier loved ones and to families with the injured ones..

I haven't followed this case very closely. Just wondering what prompted him to do this? Was he bullied, or just pure evil?

That kid needs a priest, not a psychiatrist.

First, they will knock out his teeth,  so he can't bite.  Then he will get to wear his new shirt,  with #$%$ written on it,  for the rest of his days.  His diet will cosist mostly of blood and semen.  Maybe if they filmed the horror that he is about to endure,  it could change the minds of these kids.  Who knows...What he doesn't realize is that many more killer "BUBBAS" is watching the news and seeing him, lickin their lips...

If he is old enough to kill and not show remorse, he is sufficiently old enough to be executed!  Since he knows he wont get the death penalty, he is clear in showing that he could care less about the impact of his actions.  A true and just system would ensure that he pays with his life for taking the lives of others.

He can come visit me for 5 minutes. Than you can take him to prison. Such a horrific idiot.I pray for the victums familyMike USN

He's going to make a big burly guy's new girl friend. He's going to get butt raped by large inmates and get his salad tossed on a constant basis.Just saying, that's what happens to youngins on the penitentiary.

They need to find an island like England did and leave them their. Im talking about an island less then a square mile in the middle of the Pacific, or better yet give him to the taliban.

This guy should become an organ donor and do some good for society.

If I was the judge, his t-shirt would have been coming off in MY court room.

It becomes incredibly evident that guns aren't the problem when you see such sick and hideous examples of sub-human life sired by the last several generations...

bring chapstick &amp; vasoline, ur gonna need both!!!

That #$%$ will be hanging at the end of bed sheet as soon he finds out what life means!!SO SAD!Sadistic killers are not entitled to any remourse....When ur full of the kind of hatred thats on another level than just being plain old very very very mad.....ur sick....ur brain is not intune with the positive energy that circulates through of living creatures &amp; things....I think he should have got 3 life sentences , hope he never sighs the sun again...but I guess Justice was served...

Good riddance but more important than his life sentence is the eternal sentence that is likely waiting for him.  Hopefully you grow up and learn from your mistakes so you can have salvation after you die.  We look at things in terms of what happens on earth but forget it doesn't end with death.

he deserves a slow,painful torturious death for what he did. and for the way he acted in court. he is a poor excuse for a human being and a waste of skin and bone

A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips.Ok Liberal news ....you told us that the kid in the story used a .22 ...so tell us please what weapon was used at Sandy Hook......oh thats right it WASN'T the AR 15 ..........bias news at its best!!

He took the time to get a marker and scrawl the word Killer on it, flip off the court, after killing two kids and permanently injuring another and all he will get is LIFE IN PRISON????

I have never understood how society can lock a person up for life. If a court deems he is not fit to return to society, execute him now and be done with it. The justice system should be for improving society. There is no benefit in having someone in jail for their whole life, a burden to the tapayers, never to be rehabilitated or contribute to society again, and always a risk of escape or harming someone in prison. We should establish a clear set of guidelines for applying the death penalty fairly, stop lawyers from dragging out endless appeals, and carry out executions in a timely manner.

This S.O.B. further hurt the families of the boys he shot and killed. I truly hope he enjoys the rest of his life behind bars. For those of you who have not yet seen what he said go to youtube and type in Humanity destroyed in 10 seconds by TJ Lane in court [middle finger abusive incident]. I feel for those families noone should have to go through what they did and then hear this come out of the mouth of the shooter ugh

More white people are taking up gun crime and drug abuse. It used to be the crimes of very poor and desperate people. I think it is only going to get worse.

This is so unfair on the victims families and those that survived,really they should take Lane to the back of the courtroom and open fire

Hell awaits him. What a horrible act he committed.How about some Eye for an Eye justice!

He'll have decades to reflect on what an #$%$ he is.

Pray for our young people, many of them, including yours, are in trouble; I know, I taught them

May all his days be harsh, and all his nights painful.

and the real shame is they will let him out in about 10yrs for good behaver and prison crowding... this is why no one is scared of doing time any more its just like your parents sending a13 yr old to the corner for 13mins and then telling them now be a good boy. get it througnh your head people their is no such thing as a humane punishment. we need to follow through with what we say. like i tell new parents "if you are not going to punish them like you say your are then dont threaten them with it".

If you are old enough to kill....you are old enough to be killed.  Eliminate that POS.

He'll be crying in a few days.

what a douche

Yeah, the oscene gesture is the big think here. Who cares? The kid's a murderer.

Why don't they just hang this guy? He acts like he is proud of his actions, we need to set an example to these kind of people.Ok, so what did he say?

When you consider that Charles Manson thought he was "all that" and then got passed around from one "Bubba" to the next it kind of goes to show that these punks just don't realize what's in store for them.  So while he might think he's "tough" now his tune will change in no time.  He deserves everything in store for him.

He'll die in prison!!! Hopefully, someone shanks him!!

Should have the death penalty!!

cant blame him it's better to burn out than fade away, he will pay heavily for this till death, so he should be entitled to his orgasmic moments of hate to put into his memory chest,you will never understand a sick mind, and his need to fuel it.

He certainly didn't learn that behavior in church. He's obviously emulating "supa-bad" thinking chicks dig the bad-boys. Not! Hardened convicts do.

He won't last long.  I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't take himself out.

T.J.is the DEVIL incarnate!

Now, if we euthanize dogs that attack children even though they are just animals and DO have a "primal" side and do NOT know right from wrong WHY do we NOT do the same for humans (if u want to call them that)?

His judement has come in this life.  The next, will be far worse!If this dumba@# thinks he's bad, his first night in prison will soon show him what bad really means. This guy is a heartless coward with no balls wait untill big Jim comes looking for him, that I would love to see!

If he had been a football player, CNN and Fox would lament his shattered dreams of joining the NFL.

imagine thata school massacre with a .22this witch hunt over "assult" style weapons is NOTHING BUT TRASHIT IS JUST A ""TOOL""" THEY ARE TRYING TO USE TO DISARM AMERICANS!LINE UP LIKE CATTLE SO THEY CAN MICROCHIP US NEXT!!?

His parents must be proud.

A true waste of DNA, his new shirt will say 'receptacle'.

True justice hanging high from tall tree-doesnt even cost a cent any old rope will be fine

If anyone deserves the death penalty this dumb!@# definitely does. Air it on TV so everyone else with a gun who thinks there a hard #$%$ can see what will happen to them. We normal people would appreciate it.

Hopefully he'll get a 300 lb. #$%$ roommate named Bubba to keep him warm  on all those long cold nights to come

this young man is gonna love his new "sleeping" quarters or lack of it.

People, people, people. Cant you read any kind of story without interjecting your own agendas of the media into it? 95 percent of what you know or learned in your life came from what you have read in a book, magazine or seen on tv or the internet. That information, my friends, was gathered by someone else and put together for your benefit. If you think you can go out and do a better job, get off your $%@# and be my guest.Some people are unaware that life in prison is actually cheaper than the death penalty. Its not exactly like we have a system where someone is sentenced to death, and theyre given the lethal injection on the next day or in the next week. A majority of inmates sit on death row for years and years. So until we change our system, in the end, life in prison is still cheaper than death row.

The world is going straight to HELL, All these young kids are going insane.

Perfect candidate for the death penalty.

He should write,"prison beotch",on his t-shirt now!

Trust me prison will be a joke he will be in protective custody so nobody can hurt him, with 3 meals a day, plus commissary,visits and his own cell with his own tv. Thanks to we the taxpayers. He played the system and won, we can only wish he catches some airborne virus is prison.

Kip Kinkle, who shoot up a school in Oregon, is now starting to hate the life that he created for himself.  Funny how age makes a person rethink their decisions.

possibly a long time bullied child

Fresh Fish going to a Prison near you.

Choot em.

Charge the parents for having him.Charge the parents for having him.

Life sentence for 18 yrs old? Do math! One inmate for state/federal prison costs at least $ 150/day. 30 years = $1,642,000. Mostly, he will still life longer than 18+30. Be ready to donate him more than $1,642,000 if he still alive longer than 48 yrs old.

...Little sh1t......your @ s s will blow up very soon....

Mmmmm Mmmmm Mmmmm......he's going to look real sweet to all them boys in prison!!!!

His rear is about to expand

This psychopath got what he deserved!

My only fear is that 5-10 years from now, some liberal moron will decide he's "rehabilitated" and want to release him.

This kis is a psychopath, which means the parts of his brain where you feel empathy, sympathy,etc. doesn't work. It can't be fixed either. I'm glad he can never get out.

Let's see how long his attitude lasts in prison. I give him 24 hrs before he's sobbing like a baby.

They're going to love that sweet piece of meat in prison...he'll be washing someone's underwear with in his first couple of weeks.His next shirt will say 'b!tch' on it

How come the judge did not stop him half way through his profane laced statement?  Haven't the families suffered enough without listening to this POS rant?  Who let him wear that tee shirt?  Unbelievable!!

Why keep him alive?

he better get a new shirt that says #$%$." he will be raped and beaten over and over again in prison. he will soon wish he was dead.

I hope he remembers how to use that finger when he finally gets to the big house. It will be one painful experience.

He will make some new friends in the big house, I am sure he will be very popular

I just hope they release the CCTV footage of the fatal beating he is going to get in prison.

Heres the deal,Lets not pay with our tax.All is love ones can pay for his food and stuff in jail and when they find it pointless to keep going with that.Then he is on his own in jail to find food.Its only fair.

This story is just sad all around.

Tall tree limb, short rope, insert head.Any questions?What about his parents? It's only been revealed this week just how neurotic the psychotic Sandy Hook shooter's mom was and how long he had been obsessed with other serial killers and violent video games. Let's find out about these too, because continuing to harass 10s of millions of law abiding gun-owners when the real problem in all the recent mass shootings has been our poor mental-health reporting and recording system, is UNFAIR - fairness being the word du jour.

What the hell is wrong with this kid? He had his whole life ahead of him and now he's gonna spend it all behind bars for senslessly murdering his classmates? I feel so sorry for his parents. I feel sorrier for the parents of the kids he killed and wounded, but I cannot imagine the pain of being this monster's mother.

He wouldn't make a pimple on a real man's #$%$

Mk Ultra. I wonder if the military gave him psychotropic drugs just like Holmes and Lanza to push the UN agenda 21 garbage. You need to wake up America!!!

Amazing he got into court with that shirt on! Been all the same if he would have a gun - I would thinkthose on 'watch' need to step it up just a tad...

Great! Now he gets to live off our tax dollars for 60 years.

so did anyone ask his parents how they raised a serial killer?

Well when he gets to lucasville he can be a bunk buddie to big ralph,Who is also a killer, 6.6 268 lbs of boy poppin fun,, then when ralph tells him too he can ware panties that have the days written on them,Perhaps that will give him a new outlook,on attire,

Someone is going to be changing that "....ER" to a ".....ED" in prison I'm sure.

T.J is going to be some skin-heads bit-hyes banning guns and lowering the amount of ammunition will definetly stop this from happening bc all these people go legally buy their guns...

What is going on in Ohio, are they just dumb or inbreed

Why is the chance of time in prison not enough of a detour for people today?  I keep my nose clean not only because I'm a decent person but the idea of prison would scare the #$%$ out of me.

This country needs to reinstate the death penalty regardless of age in these instances. Juvenile or not, they need to be executed for their crimes and made examples of instead of being a burden to the taxpayers in an already overburdened penal system. Time to revisit the issue and maybe cull the herd of incorrigibles that have no chance of rehabilitation.

Kim Palmer just couldn't wait to get through that tedious article so she could write that last paragraph, disgusting.

Too bad they couldn't bust a cap in this head and end this foul-mouthed, stone cold killer's antics once and for all. Better yet, put him in a room alone with the victims' families for an hour or so, then if he is still alive, bust a cap in his head.

What amazws me about IDIOTS like you jaywilson is you don't even know me to make that statement. You seem to be out of perspective on LIFE and maybe you agree with this NUT CASE? Perhaps you belong with him in jail with your thinking! You don't seem to offer much to enhancing others lives.

He can smile and flip the bird all he wants.  In prison, this "man" won't last a mintue.  I do hope he is given a more just sentence once in the big house.  What an absolute waste of skin -- nice job to his parents.  Way to raise an idiot and coward.  He thinks he is cool now, just wait ...

What did the 3 boys he shot do to him to prompt it?  Why is this never, ever asked?  Why when it's self defense it becomes "mental disease?"  What exactly is going on, and why aren't people asking the right questions?

Its cocky people like this that should go from courtroom to town square to be excuted.Bubba, the sex-starved African prison ape, is gonna stuff that kid so bad, he'll feel like he's being rammed by a telephone pole, while his face is being bashed into welded metal bars.  Let's see who he flips-off after that. Best part is....he has to take it for life... punk

If we would execute these clowns within a week a their guilty verdict and not twenty years after the fact, the death penalty would work as the deterrent it is supposed to be.

They're gonna take him apart in the joint.

As usual, a big thanks goes out to the media for giving this loser a face.On a related note... its a good thing the governement is working on passing an "assult weapons" ban and limiting high capacity magazines.  That would have kept this nut job from executing his plan.  Oh wait... he used a .22 pistol and fired only 10 shots.  Maybe we should ban all guns.  That will be the path of congress if they get their "assult weapons" ban passed and realize that people will just use a different weapon.

anyone that would do what he did,  must have a few screws loose! he destroyed the victims lives and their family's and  his own .     he will have plenty of time to think about what he did .

Spare the rod, spoil the child......we are paying the price for the "time out" punishment he got going up.....screw Dr. Spock.....he messed up a whole generation.....

I just have this feeling,,, that smrik, will change when he hears that last metal door close,,, also the young/ hansome, dude,,, had better take a big jar of vaseline, in with him,,, an hope the prison lets him keep it,,, LOL

Some people are just born evil and I think this is proof. He doesn't deserve life, electric chair sounds better.

Thats ok Killer, you will be someone's girlfriend real soon and you will be earning cigerettes for your new boyfriend the old fasioned way. Should be fun!

Soon, his butt will have it's own echo.T.J.'s new cellmate, Bubba, will stick his member, er digit, where the sun doesn't shine soon enough.

eye for a eye tooth for tooth

if i had been one of the parents they would have had to keep him inside constantly, cause if he came outside it would be his last time.

He will be someons boy toy , Hopefully he gets endless beatings

this is a perfect reason for the death penalty , why do they need to house this piece of garbage,  he will have the living snot beat out of him when he enters prison, thats for sure

The "Judges" name is David L. Fuhry - He allowed this maggot to taunt and berate the grieving families of the victims he slaughtered without raising a finger to stop it. I hope all voters in this district remember judge DAVID L. FUHRY come election time - what a sad pathetic day for Geauga county Ohio and the poor families of the young victims.

Easy availability of Guns will continue to lead to more deaths of innocents.   Only a minority of people own guns..so why should the majority suffer.  Ban Guns Now !!!Nowhere in the world guns are rampant like in the USA...and no where in the world there are this many gun deaths.

I hope the trial for that screwball Holmes is just as swift after killing those people in the Colorado theater.

I would have beat the living #$%$ out of him in the court room for doing that #$%$ after being sentenced... I would have served the aggravated assault time for rearranging his face with the court room table no problem.  The parents should have secretly hired some dude who just stormed the stand and destroyed that kid mid-session.

State sponsored murder is still murder. Life in prison is the right choice.I would have beat the living #$%$ out of him in the court room for doing that #$%$ after being sentenced... I would have served the aggravated assault time for rearranging his face with the court room table no problem.  The parents should have secretly hired some dude who just stormed the stand and destroyed that kid mid-session.

State sponsored murder is still murder. Life in prison is the right choice.

Great sentence for him.

Its sad when someone so young can be so disassociated to human compassion. It seems like that is becoming the "norm" for this generation.

The only good thing out of this is that inmates don't take well to child killers, even if he's a child himself. He's going to have very bad times ahead of him, either with the general prison population or in solitary confinement. Either way, he'll be in hell where he deserves to be.

"It appears that T.J. Lane had violence in his life from the beginning. Geauga County court records show the father of the teen who authorities say shot five students at Chardon High School on Monday had been arrested many times for violent crimes against women in his life, including Lane's mother. More than once, police or courts warned him to stay away from the boy and his mother."  Rachel DissellI hate to say it but I feel sorry for the boy.  Although his behavior is inexcusable it could be argued that his father is the worse of two evils.

My goodness Ohio is sure churning out some real winners!

The pathetic justice system... he will get 3 meals a day, full medical, dental and vision care for the rest of his life on taxpayer's dollars.  Not a bad trade for 3 lives ... NOT!!!   Someone should hang him with his 'killer' t-shirt.

Probably picked up the gun at a gun show, no questions asked. Like walking into CVS and buying milk. No big deal.

The sad thing is that no matter what happens to him in prison; it won't remove the pain he cause the families or return life to those who are gone!  These tragedies are happening too often in our society!  When it is the inner city, we often think "that's an urban problem" but now it is probably more likely to happen away from the city (mass killings); especially when we eventually can't find a motive...the wages of sin is death

he will make some very large "bubba" a very happy husband indeed! brtter hope you can control you gag reflex!lol

He should have killed himself cause now this killer is going to want to kill himself being behind bars for his whole life missing everything the world has to offer.

Hope he never escapes.  Sounds like he's proud of what he's done.

Mr Lane, for your crime you get a life of relaxation in one of our finest, state of the art, criminal institions.  You will get 3 free meals a day, free room and board, and free utilities including heat and air conditioning.  Planned daily activities will include, but not limited to, basketball, cards, excersice, reading and TV.  Enjoy your rehabilitation.

So -- all opposed to the death penalty believe this sub-level vermin can be saved?  And we should spend tax dollars feeding &amp; protecting him in prison?  He's evil -- no value to society.

Odds are that he'll get shanked in the shower within a year unless he's isolated and no longer be a burden to tax payers. His bad#$%$ ideation won't impress anyone in a max facility.

Wow yahoo, was the comment about Obama and the gun ban necessary? I guess its your job to manipulate why he's trying to take away our rights. All about scare tactics.

How extraordinarily stupid, for a white boy.  I mean: I would expect this of a gangs-duh, but not so much from even a 'tarded hillbilly.

Just wait until he meets baba in prisonNo problems at all. He is still alive - thats all that matters. He'll get his...over and over and over and over again.

Who was in charge of the courtroom?  Since when can a convicted felon simply standup, strip off his dress shirt and sit there with KILLER written on his t-shirt.  Talk about victimizing the families again.  The judge should have taken control of the situation and had the deputies "help" Lane get dressed.

Have fun taking in the #$%$

We  waiting for that tight #$%$ , wont be long Bubba

Another pathetic life form living on the tax payer's coin for the next 60-100 years.  Hopefully he will meet another of the same with nothing to loose, looking for a little prison cred, that will initiate a "terrible accident" causing this POS to assume room tempature.  Maybe as an organ doner, some tiny good can still be achieved from his sorry axe.

Instead of spending tax payer money this kid should pick from a sack little pieces of paper containing the following writing:1 - We drop you off in the middle of north korea with a backpack containing food for 3 days and a pocket knife.2 - We drop you off in the middle of Angola, with no shoes.3- We drop you off in Syria, with a backpack full of peanut butter.4- We hand you over to the taliban in afghanistan with a backpack full of videos in which he is seen insulting their religion...

I agree, put him down, just like some people put down innocent animals and their only crime is not having a home.  He isn't a mental case, not that that's an excuse. On the contrary, it takes quite a lot of intelligence to plan and execute a killings.

In prison he will be known as #$%$ Lane....you may want to stock up on preparation H...Boy!!

I've noticed a growing trend lately. Every time a white gunman goes on a killing spree, he is deemed mentally ill. If a person of "color" does the same thing then every racial slur is hurled at him and he is deemed fully sane for his actions. If a -----"black man" murders, he's a thug or gang banger"hispanic man" murders, he's an illegal immigrant"middle eastern" murders, he's a terrorist"white man" murders, he's just mentally ill and doesn't know any better. Good grief! The "mentally ill card" now trumps the "race card." I'm of the persuasion that all of these killers or murderers, regardless of race, are fully sane. All of these murderers were meticulous in their planning in order to maximize fatalities.

This child has had no one to really love him, this just dosen't happen to kids this young, he just wanted some attention but  he went about it the wrong way... lord help us all#$%$

I love how this article is about a totally different incident yet this article mentions sandy hook and proposed legislation for "assault weapons" and extended mags, when this incident didn't involve either.  Just truly exemplary journalism yahoo.. Excuse me while I go throw up.

whatever he gets in prison   GOOD!!

Tyrone be waiting for your black heartedazz in the shower punk no worries you will be tossingSalads soon. ROT IN HELL !

Good riddance to this #$%$ and may he rot in jail among the prison population so that he can be raped, tortured and fed food with feces on a daily basis.

This is your butt "o". This is your butt in prison "O"

here's some songs for you..."here come the bride", " like a virgin", "what doesn't kill you make you stronger"!!!!!

we are all aware of the Newton school shooting. you don't have to reference it in every article. please and thanks.

T.J Lane, your #$%$ is about to change forever.....and I don't feel sorry for what is about to happen to you one bit....

I say send him to the middle of the saharrah  desert with only wine to drink.Convicts LOVE child killers, figuratively and literally. Good luck (not) in Prison.

This kid is a #$%$.

More emotional fuel for the fire... these guys brought their A-game!

liberals, here's a tough question for you, who is the victim in this case, this obnoxious little monkey or the people he shot

I disagree with those who think he should just be put to sleep i think he should be placed in general population in the worst prison there is for a least a couple of years then put down to save my tax dollars

Want to know the #$%$ part of all this.  The Taxpayers will be paying for him to live, to sleep, to eat for the rest of his life while one has to suffer without his legs and 3 others to never see the light of day again.

We don't really need tougher gun laws, but we certainly need higher IQ's.

This dude killed more ppl than most the gangsters up in the joint did lol

His existence needs to be cleansed from this world.

bubba cant wait for the new kid , he gonna make him his #$%$obviously... something terribly wrong with this kid... and as a society, we are collectively responsible for it. It is easy to cry foul and wish that he rots in prison, the difficult thing is to try to understand why this happened

Can't accuse him of being a hypocrite. But in prison, Aryan  Brotherhood may not even want him.

Give him a good month after processing into prison he will try a suicide stunt. I would love to know who his cell mate is going to be. Hopefully he has strong jawbones...LMFAO!!!!

Prison for life... and still it feels like not enough.

Another lunatic subhuman thug. I say hang him from a redwood tree with barb wire...public execution.

There's a lot of hate in those eyes. Pics of his Grandparents are sad. Yet another brainiac gone looney. Terribly terribly tragic and sad. I think he's scared to death, as he should be. Welcome to the Twilight Zone TJ....death would have been merciful...he deserves exactly what he's getting.

I would like to know why he shot the students..

why did he do it ???????

we will soon see just how tough he really is , so will he .

THANK YOU THANK YOU VERY MUCH--U FUKN MEDIAMORONS GAVE HIM WHAT HE WANTED=======HIS 15 MINUTES OF "IN FAME Y"by right his #$%$ should be getting ready for old sparky of the firing squad

The brief profane statement was: (holding up his right hand) "This is the hand that pulled the trigger that killed your boys, and the one I use to masturbate with when I think of doing it".  This guy will be going to hell sooner than he thinks.

im DISTURBED by the sight &amp; conduct of this evil #$%$ from the pit of hell. The likes of lane are product of warped america's justice system! (Though Partially)(Apology for this 'overspeak'). He should have been sent on a faster lane to hell with 'necklace' around his stiff neck soaked with 'spirit'and torched for ease of passage out of this planet. When all forms of deterrence fail try JUNGLE JUSTICE. It works like magic.this is no joke please!

I just wonder what was going through their mind during the shooting? What drove him to do this? A high school student who was to graduate early. I fail to understand how their was a mental illness that was the cause.

I understand the sentence. Of course he is mentally ill. I have great feelings of sorrow for the families who suffered and will always suffer. And one day I hope, like we all hope for, that he finds peace in a heaven; where he will no longer hurt or hurt others.

His shirt will soon say "(someone's) Beotch"

How in the Hell was he able to get that t-shirt in the court room like that?!? &amp; why in the Hell was he allowed to reveal it?!?

Lifetime cigarettes and chocolate for the inmate who rips his nuts off and flushes them down the toilet

he is a little punk that wants to be a bad #$%$. let's see how bad he is when he is used as a floor mat.

You gonna eat your cornbread?Our govt will pay to kill babies in the womb but this jerk we will support for about 60 years.

He wasn't sick, he was armed and dangerous. It doesn't matter how he got his guns - the fact remains, he got them and he used them to kill. Unless America wants more of this sort of thing, and more will happen, we need to strictly control all aspect of gun possession.

REPUBLlKKKAN KIDS AINT SHEEIIIITTTT

Look, this puke will go immediately into protective segregation. He will not spend any time in the genera population...He is a prison target and would be 'tuned up' or killed by the the other inmates.

I thought the Courts ruled that kids couldn't be sentenced to life without parole? not that he doesn't deserve it

Where is this country going? It's sad to see Americas greatness spiraling out of control through all this violence.  Our politicians fight over power and the people are reacting angrily.

so we have to pay taxes to keep this kid alive? I hope he gets his once he gets behind the bars in a maximun security prison! His shirt will read" cry baby " instead !

poor boy, i feel that he didn't have any good guidence to teach him any better!he still a boy,...

He'll be hangin' by that shirt soon enough. He needs to have #$%$" tattooed on his forehead, though I'm positive that is soon coming.  His teeth will be missing as well.  This little #$%$ #$%$ has NO F'n IDEA WHAT IS COMING HIS WAY.  NONE WHATSOEVER.  GOOD RIDDANCE TRASH #$%$...FLUSH!!!

I have a feeling he will find a way out.... suicide, or, maybe even talk an inmate into doing him in.....but, he won't be around long. Hey! a real tax savings!You all sound like wordier versions of his T-shirt!  You're sick!  So is he, but really, you all are part of the problem of violence in the US.

Somebody might want to test the water in Ohio.

This saddens me. So much hate and misunderstanding in this world. Giving my son every hug and smile I can.

Good for him!  Show them U do not care in any way shape of form! This is the way we should be acting when we do something like this! I say that is the way right their! TY, Way to go!

Who cares. He shot/killed some white kids so. TJ I'll put money on your books

Just shoot him or put him in the electric chair !!!

Lane's butt is going to end up being passed around the cell block like a pack of cigarettes.

At least he admits to who he is and takes full responsibility of his actions. I wonder what his motivations were?

I think the electric chair is still at the Lucasville Penn-use it

wonder how long before he "finds" jesus and gives a phony apology and looks for parole.  Hope he "finds" Bubba waiting for him instead and spends the rest of his miserable life on his knees as the newest candy/freshest meat in the cell block.who's gonna own this kid?

All your comments I understand the bitterness, but the only thing he'll become is another white supremist following more hate for others. Put the animal in a cage by himself .

Thank god he's off the streets, he may be laughing  now but eventually the reality of spending the next 70 years of his life in prison will set in

Meanwhile Michael Vick story is still more important!

Why don't they report the reason the kid freaked out and started shooting.... The kid in the wheel chair knows why I'm sure.... When are people gonna learn to stop treating others like dirt.... sooner or later there will be repercussions.  I really doubt the kid for no reason decided to go to school and shoot several quiet, kind, innocent boys for just for the hell of it.   Everyone of them knew exactly why he did what he did.   He should not have done it for sure, he needs to pay for his crime yes, but we need to stop this #$%$ where it starts.

should of got a quick death sentance  90 days thats what will change thingsnot the gun laws you bunch of political idiots

Dam ! what's up with all this white kids going psycho..

i'm not sure i condone the dealth penalty, but this kid makes it very hard!! he ia a wack job!! good luck in prision, some dude will remind him real fast,  what his t-shirt really means!!

The signs of the times ,we are seeing and hearing of this too, too much, when is it going to end ?

he should have written "insert here" on the back of his shirt with an arrow pointing down.  That's what princess is  gonna get in prison.Have you ever been bullied?? Feel powerless over your tormentors? Picked on abused......he solved his problem the wrong way....BUT  there is so much free sex walking around a prison....he will be OK.just stand up for yourself..youll be respected.... the MF who bullied me in school, I stabbed in the leg with a pencil sharpened to a point.....he never effed with me again.

Kill the little sob

no remorse?.... this creature should be tortured for the remainder of it's life. The life itself should be very short. But No, thanks to all of YOU bleeding hearts he will get to live a long life on the taxpayer's dime. Stupid , very stupid people.

A punk in every bunk.

wait til he meets his new roommate, #$%$ Killer"...

little guy knows that he will endure one rape a day for the rest of his life lmaohe is trying to be a tough guy but the second he gets to prison the blacks and mexicans are going to gang rape his poor virgin #$%$. I hope they rape him to death.

There are better ways to come out of the closet little babies,one is not by ego.

We have allowed our justice system to be preverted by the opponents of the death penalty.  We keep all killers around for nearly 20 years with an extensive process rather than separate the cases based on common sense.  It's simply not a question of guilt or innocense in many capital cases.  Yet we treat all cases the same.  Thus inflating the cost of execution which gives rise to the argument that's it's just as costly to execute as to keep in jail.   Where is Judge Roy Bean when we need him.

Our tax dollars at work. Firing squad would be approprite for that one.

Until we fix our flawed criminal system and start getting rid of these monsters instead of giving them life sentences, this #$%$ is going to keep happening!Damned walking pile of feces. I hope he gets his #$%$ beat repeatedly in prison.

sad state of affair's for ohio and their school system with this tragic killing and 2 student's found guilty of rape.

"Sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips"There is no such thing as "Gun Violence"! The term is absurd. An inanimate object is incapable of it. We have a "People Violence" problem and that's what needs to be addressed. Our Nation is digressing into a place where people have no respect for others and are willing to do whatever they want to satisfy their desires. What have we become &amp; where are we headed?

what was his motive?I'm just curious....would rather that be in the story than the unrelated sandy hook shooting

If he thinks he is tough now wait until he hits prison it will be a whole new story

why is he goin to breathe

this guy is cold blooded, he should of gotten a job at the CIA as a pro-killer if he didnt murder people.

Grrr.   This is reality TV.  They literally use actors to make "news" stories and influence.  The American people are being villainized, and soon the war on terror will be brought here.

Lets hope he drops the soap in the shower

He will be somebody"s "wife" soon.Just another smart#$%$ looking to be someone

When I was a kid and we had a problem with a student , we took it behind the gym after school and went toe to toe ! Nobody shot anyone and we had rifles hanging in the windows of our trucks !

Kid's gonna have a sore butt hole.

He'll get his due in prison, I am sure there will be a few fellow inmates but the rest will take care of this trash.....To bad the general public will be paying for his incarceration...How about the code of Hamurabi??

I hope he lives and very long and pain filled life in prison filled with lots of inmate "LOVE" and then he can ROT IN HELL when he dies... IMO

anyone ever thought that this guy might want to be 'fresh meat.'?

Well, at least he pleaded guilty and saved us all some time and money.  But i agree with Hardtimes...."he was charged as an adult, he should be sentenced as an adult."

it said he made obscene gestures towards the families of the victims ,i'm really surprised one of them didn't jump over there and beat the #$%$ out of him ,I would have if I could have gotten that far.

What did they do to him?!?!  Has anyone even asked WHY a child would feel justified in acting this way? I can buy off on the psycho thing alot of times, but I think these are the actions of someone who felt victimized.  NOT justification, but attention needs to be paid to bullies too because IF his victims were bullying, they are partially responsible for what happened.  Until people get their errant selves and kids under control, victims will continue to do these things.And for those who think it's ok to ignore prison assaults, you're as undignified, unsophisticated and uncivilized as the ones doing the assaults!  Our prisons are American institutions, and if we condone what goes on there, that defines us as a nation.

Wondered what set him off?He may endure abuse in many ways but while that punk sits in there he gets meals and time to do nothing but be a burden on the rest of tax payers!  We pay for his clothing his meals his electricity the weight room and even the books he reads.Execute the POS!  I bet had that been his sentence, a death sentence he would not be so cocky. A life for a life in his case he took more than three. If you think the people who witnessed or were injured are not going to have their lives affected he is wrong. Start taking out the trash!

He didn't get what he deserved. Now the tax payers have to pay for this filth day in day out.  Hopefully, he meets Big Bubba soon and then gets passed around daily.  Frankly, he deserved the death penalty do tax payers are not burdend caring for his sorry #$%$  Can never figure why the good tax paying public should be burdened caring for this kind of #$%$.  For me that is just plain wasting much needed tax dollars.  Use it for something good.  Not taking care of puke #$%$ like this kid.  Bring back Old Sparky (like in the movie the Green Mile - now that works for me).  Nothing but ACLU idiots running the justice system.

It's unfortunate he is such a waste of a human life-- and by the way he's acting it is most certain he will try to kill himself before he becomes killed once in prison...

Man...what's the deal with Ohio? Killers, rapist...wth!!!

Hope he gets raped by Bubba in the pen.........and, in the end, he is still getting off easy

He will meet his Maker, soon enough, when he goes to jail.  They're going to show him what he should have gotten, in prison.

Ten shots from a .22 caliber?Nothing in any assault weapons ban would have prevented this!This monster doesn't deserve to live for one more second.

The solution to statistically insignificant one-off massacres by BigPharma guinea pigs is: disarm all law-abiding white men.  Trust me.

I am sick and tired of the media pushing their anti gun srntiment, Sandy Hook had no bearing on Lames act, Alos he used a handgun.  I do think he got off too lightly, this is an Evil young man.

"Lane was taken into custody shortly after the attack and confessed to firing 10 rounds from a .22-caliber pistol at the students in the cafeteria."Gee  aren't .22's exempt from Feinsteins bill?lube it....you will be consider cute

And he's white!!

He should be hanged from the Gallows whith is neck ending up in a  45 degree angle

Howcum Dianne Feinstein didn't jump on this one for her gun vendetta? Not enough victims?? The more loss of life,the better she likes it. Of course the guns didn't discharge themselves but according to Dianne they did because she never makes mention of the perps. Now we know the definition of dementia which is Dianne's stock in trade.

A white boy,ehh..No surprise there..It's in their nature to commit mass murder.

Every generations get the teenagers they deserve.  This is the type of person that will continue to be produce, the further we get away from God, the less we teach our kids about Jesus, and the more we leave the Church pews emptied!!

no remorse, no respect for the families who lost their child also no remorse are respect for his parents!!!!!!! sad!!!!!

This little runt is going to have fun in prison!  He will be crying like a little girI the first night.  I hope he gets to experience what a real killer is as he becomes the #$%$ for the inmates.

Oh he thinks he's so tough now......................he's mister cool, he made a statement, he is mister big................yea.....now it's prison time and just you wait little boy till your someone's toy day after day and night after night...........then you'll beg for your mother to save you and then you'll realize that your not the mrister big you thought you where................lololololo

Its interesting how this was so absent in the news. Also how no one seemed to say that he was a poor guy suffering from mental issues or bullying. It goes to show you that some people are just plain evil and that you need to just put them down for the sake of society. Why he is still alive one year later makes no sense to me. Plus why did the author of this article have to throw in that last paragraph about the Netown shootings? Did they think we had forgoten so soon?Was Lane's gesture made before or after the comment Ms. Dina Parmertor made to him?  What motivated Lane to shoot those students?  Were these students honest, respectful, kind people who act with integrity?  Or were they like the Steubenville student in the video on Youtube?

hmmmmmmm, no 5.56 AR here

So tragic for the people's family who were hurt by this and so tragic for  the family of this kid and his state of mind overall.So ask yourself how did this kid become like this ?Easy answer over and over   exposure to media type violence as so-called entertainment.After viewing or listening to this  destruction, this energy becomes inculcated into a person's soul and spirit. I am quite sure all the religous types can figure this out by seeing his overall self destructive behavior.

what a sick society we have

Someone's lawyer screwed up big time if he was allowed to wear that shirt in a courtroom.

About time that justice is served in this case! He should die for what he did, yes, but now that he will never see the light of day outside the prison is even better!

Sounds like Bubba needs a new cell mate.  He loves that young white meat and his current cellmate's sphincter is roughly the circumference of a bowling ball and no longer effective. TJ Lane, I hope you drop the soap in the shower very soon.

He's trying to set himself up with street cred for the new yard he will on...some said in the comments he should have written new bride, actually it should say "Princess Bride". It will happen soon enough.

Enjoy your booty time... 'Killer'

"Killer, " scrawled with a cheap pen or marker. Freak.Guns turn dikks like this into ay-holes.

cant wait to hear the story of how he died

Makes you wonder what the hell happen to him to make him this way.

young white kids in prision are the answered prayers of the rest of the inmates.  they are instantly labeled as "girls".

How is it articles like this get so many thumbs down on comments that degrade the piece of #$%$ murderer??? If anything even remotely happened to these thumb down people they'd be the first ones crying. So suck it downers... this punk ain't getting what he deserves!!

I hope he enjoyed sitting in the courtroom...it will be very painful to sit down in the near future

Wow fresh meat with an attitude in prison for life. Ya he will be bubbas girlfriend real soon.

once again we have white trash; either raping/killing their own families or shooting children! deport them back to poland. damn polacks...

Life in prison is definitely more punitive than the death sentence.  He has to live what will seem to be an eternity in hell.

"Plenty-a room for you down at the booty house"... - Alonzo HarrisHe will find out in a real hurry how tough he is, those other prisoners will eat this punk and spit himout. He'll mouth off once to another killer and he will find out what its like to be killed!  Wise punk!

Why wasn't he in handcuffs???

Evil takes many different shapes and forms!

irresponsible parents with guns took those lives along with their sons life.

If he had killed some school bullies then I am completely fine with that and he should not have any rumours.only If!If these killings were about something else then he is an idiot...

That smiling ;smirking face;is going to work real good were he is going remember those first few opening scence;s in shawshank  boy are you in for a treat

I hope he lives to be 120 and suffers every day

death it is all over , life he will see them wall coming in on him in time as if breathing, he will ajust to prison life mankind adapts to what ever it needs, his kind keep prisons going and prisons supports small towns all over america and they make jobs for millons in many different ways so in the long run he helps , sad of course the ones he killed but life goes on

He sent three young people to HELL.  He will eventually join them for being a murdered and unrepentant sinner.

look this #$%$ is terrible and everything but you people need to wake and stop thinking that hes gonna get his justice in prison you people need to come back to reality this isn't the movies everyone always thinks or hopes that when some heinous crime happens that that person will get his justice by going to prison.and the fact is most of these people who commit these crimes will thrive in prison because they aren't wimpy cowards they are sociopaths just like the rest of them in prison ,you know the guy who shoots up the local McDonald or whatever doesn't just crumble and cower in the corner when in prison.they will fight back they will for the most part not be victims.unless they really were just cowards who snapped and than in prison fall apart.but that is rare.So im sorry people but your hope for karma for these fools just isnt reality and the rape isnt common either so sorry there only punishment is being in jail;"I want you to endure years and years of pain, and abuse, which is in my opinion not harsh enough."  Oh... he will.  I hope a correctional officer will stand by and do nothing but Giggling like a school girl as he is violated.

say hello to anal rape, white boy

sorry this wasnt considered a death penalty case;if anyone deserves it this guy does!hopefully he will find  better justice the prison way!

Love the picture...the policeman behind this brat looks like he very badly wants to take off his belt and do what should have been done years ago.

What is wrong with this justice system nowdays?  Terms to be served consecuatively, exactly how long is a life term?  Is this here just incase somehow the guy lives to be 400 years old?  Seriously?  Can't we just say prison untill departure from this world?  Life doesn't really make sence to me anymore, seeing as how one gentlemen who killed a convience store worker was serving life and got out in 7 years....I am about to give up and find another country to live in, one that the legal system actually makes intelligent statements instead of just saying "3 life sentences served back to back" So are you gonna find him if he is re-incarnated as a baby and throw him in jail again? Idiots, that is who is running the show right now...

So what profane jestures were made,    and what kind of profane speech did he give,    I hate incomplete news stories,,,,     guess yahoo do sent care, time to switch from yahoo...........

mental illness

yep your killer but in jail you will be somone b***h LMAO...

He will be someones bioch in jail!!!!

Good for the Judge that kid got what he diservedSo sad a parent(s) have to lose a child to a child.  You love them, care for them, protect them for what?  To send them to school where they die at the hands of a crazed person?  May God have mercy on his soul as he rots in prison because I'm pretty sure no one else will.....or should.

Gun control will not stop this, There needs to be more mental health screening. Course you can't make them take their meds. It might help some though.

Why pay for the incarceration of this kid?  Kool-aid?

Put that animal DOWN like the rabid beast he is... WHY, just why should taxpayers (including the families of the vics) have to bare the burden.

The other prisoners are going to have fun with this one!

BETTER YET.... Death with no chance of parole.

GOD BLESS ALL INVOLVED

What a cute little boy. T.J.'s tailpipe is going to look like an open jar of peanut butter after his first year in the joint.

This is a case where "cruel and unusual punishment" would be appropriate. His parents should also be sentenced to life.

In one regard, it is amazing to hear that there are people who exist who are like this.  On the other hand, it is no surprise at all.  First of all, you must wonder what kind of upbringing this character had.  Yes..it appears once again that deranged, twisted, and stray fools live among us.I agree this boy should be locked away for life, but people wishing for him to be raped is sick. Those people are just as bad as those boys in Steubenville.

"A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips"............even though none of these were used in the Newton shooting and it was a great time for propaganda for the anti gun people!!

He will probably be sent to the Southern Ohio Correctional in Lucasville, OH--Ohio's maximum security prison and site of the infamous 11 day deadly prison riot in 1993. It is a real rough place to live and he will be treated accordingly.

i wonder what the kids did to him to provoke this, sometimes i sit in school with obnoxious losers prob like the victims and i wonder how many people have them at the top of there columbine list.. its not strange its not crazy im sure this kid was mentally pushed to think about murdering these kids every day of there life. =] parents should pay more attention to there kids and whats going on at school.

Lifetime cigarettes and chocolate for the inmate who rips his nits off and flushes them down the toilet

Lot of NRA wackos out trolling today.

His sick boney #$%$ is going to get so abused in jail he's gonna wish he got the death penalty

I need me some CRACKER for my salami......oh wait, there comes CRACKER BOY !!! yummmmyyyy........you wanna be a killa boy??? you are nothing but a soup cracker boy...!!! now open up and say AAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!! gulp gulp gulp

I wonder why he was filled with so much hate at such a young age.Also, this is the second big case to resolve in Ohio in three days... (the rape case Stuvenville) what's happening in America's 'heartland?"

why not give the fathers of those injured and killed 15 minutes with this moron in a closed 10x10 room.What about the pills this kid was on? No one thinks to look at the pharmaceuticals..? Is everyone #$%$?

everyone thinks he's a piece of #$%$; but most likely the people that were attacked were harassing, insulting and bullying him.  goes round, comes square.  wake the #$%$ up #$%$ americans.

Well he's 18 now. String him up and get it over with. While we're at it lets do in the rest of the killers while we're at it and we can put all the money we save toward our national debt. They can pay their debt to society that way. Either that or they can do hard labor for the rest of their miserable lives so that their being is prison is actually turning a profit. We could lower our debt that way too, and if they refuse to work there's always option A.

What is going on in the little state of Ohio.  First two kids rape a teenage girl and the whole town backs them, then a kid goes on a shooting rampage?  Wow, and I thought CA was bad.

i must say, death just isnt good enough these days (and i say this to all countries and their laws). we have to show everyone else that there are far worse fates than death. i propose we take away their basic human rights and be publicly physically, mentally, and emotionally tortured

if i got life in prison for something i would kill as many inmates as possible

seems like a nice kid

Once again you see mental illness with no reguard to curing this cause of many rampages.  The answer is in getting proper help for the mentally ill. All of you people do not realize that you very well could be the person with mental illness.  It can come at the drop of a hat.  One single chemical change in your brain and you are in need of help.  Do not take your sanity for granted.  Help is needed badly.

I'm not overly religious, but I do pray for and wish love &amp; peace for the family and friends who fall victim to these attention-starved little creatons. I know it's possible to have a chemical imbalance. However, I had a #$%$ childhood but I could still draw a line between good and bad. The fact that this punk writes "killer" on his shirt and shows no remorse begs for harsher punishment for those needing a spotlight.

and we dont need the death penalty, why?So much babble about the psychiatric treatment of these people, and finding ways to treat them or recognize early warning signs... Isn't banning a style of weapon that they don't use the most effective way to stop this violence? Shut up and "get yourself a shotgun..."

Sad indeed

I am sure he will be someones  sweety pie once he is in prison. There are prisoners that will make him look like a boy scout in comparison. Good luck punk, you will need it!!!

His Grannie should have gunned him down before he had the chance to hurt others. Like the recent case in Michigan.

Here you go jail boys, fresh meat. Enjoy.

Clearly this kid had issues... Was he the one that was Bullied??

to bad he did,t shoot him self .

just another nutjob with a gun

and this is how we raise our kids to treat those in authority; taunt the family of the dead and flying the middle finger.

Too bad we have to feed him for the next 70 years.  Oh, well maybe "Bubba" will stick a shiv where it'll do the most good...Hopefully someone shanks him after he experiences repeated acts of sodomy. Why should the people of Ohio have to pay to keep him alive?

I'm sure the prison justice system will take care of this trash...

Kid didn't lay down for the court. Said what he felt I give him credit for being a man.Doesn't mean I understand what he accomplished by killing these other kids.

Just put him in the chair, we can look past this one.

Pity that he didn't kill more.Judging by the remarks made by some of the parents, I'd say their kids were a real #$%$.End discrimination. Kill everyone.

didnt the s-t-u-p-i-d people of Ohio vote for obama

another ohio story

he should die. he took life let him die very slow. see how  he can take that.

I hope he is placed in General Population and his #$%$ becomes a popular toy amongst the other inmates, and that his mouth stays filled so he can't call out or complain. I want this POS to suffer such humiliation and degradation that he will pray for death but be denied for the next 60 years.

Still no replacement for the tried and true tie him to a car and drag him method.We all need to DONATE more to the church. Only through donations and prayer can we combat the devil. There are clearly not enough people donating to their parishes, hence the devil is running a muck around our neighborhoods!!! God could use the extra money. FIND THE LORD!!! DONATE!!!

America, where someone can shoot up a school with a thing and the next day nobody talks about banning that thing.

Im sure his inmate buddies will turn this fresh flesh into a girl

this person's face is the face of evil.  it is not of this world.  our hate for him is only a commendation, a reinforcement that he has done his evil will.  best let him go his way to jail forever and suffer the consequences, while the rest of us become ever vigilant and aware of the evil in our midst. God protect us as the Lord's Prayer says.  say it every day and every night.

Seriously what did the elementary   shooting have to do with this one honestly tired of hearing every gun story mention it even if it isn't related it was horrible so stop bringing it up every five minutes I bet the victims are tired of being the center of attention and being reminded of it every day. If a person gets third degree burns all over their bodies you don't keep telling then that they got burned and fire accidents are horrible if anyone knows they do.

And that my folks is why we have overcrowding in our jail system...to many killers taking up room, food, money and oh yeah oxygen...

yesn he will find out whin he gose down the road

COOL MO DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!

No remorse!!! WELL when he goes to the big house HE'll be someone's B****!

Weak punishment for a heinous crime with little remorse. Why is he allowed to live? Let's revisit those laws...Wiat until he gets a cell mate of someone the size of Ray Lewis and see how he behaves then. LOL

Wondering if CNN will wring their hands in despair over this poor kid whose life is ruined. At some point he will wish he were dead...

I'm a liberal on pretty much everything.But i think if death was immediately given to people that kill for nothing,child molesters and rapist.People would think twice about doing it.Like if you going on a shooting rampage and you're caught.You should die the next day.What's the purpose of a trial or hearing.He did it!

After a few years in prison, the shirt is going to read "I Love Big Killers"

Another Ohio teen... smh..

Good to know he wont be out, a no remorseful ignorant little bad #$%$ wannabe like that is an extreme danger to anyone for NO reason. He'll be crying in his cell in less than 24 hours!!

May every vato and holmes in your new cement world torture you every day. You will be a trophy to them for sure.

Well it looks like the prison system just found itself a new #$%$ toy!

How was this POS allowed to wear the shirt with "Killer" scribbled on it, to be able to taunt the families of those he murdered and wounded?  Why wasn't he in jailhouse garb ~ isn't anyone paying attention? I hope he rots in prison - he won't be such a tough guy in there.

Why didn't a guard or officer, rip that shirt off of him, then slap the taste out of his mouth?We need a GULAG  for these kind of prisoners..i think life is too easy in the prosons for them.

Unrelated to this POS and the article above, I'm curious about this whole "sentenced as an adult" thing.  If a kid gets arrested for underage drinking can they be "sentenced as an adult" in which case they wouldn't be breaking the law 'cos they'd be an adult, right?I don't understand how the law can chose to determine what age you are.  It doesn't make sense.

he made obscene gestures because he does not have nothing to loose anymore..complete disregard to the human race. Isolation and be kept away from human society even in jail is what he deserves.

He see how bad he is once he bunks up with his new roommates. He will most likely be raped for years to come. Smells like fresh fish to me.

ok why the system can't put him in deathrow? is it not enough that he killed 3 and wounded 3 other?

I will pay for the bullet....but that is too easy for him....he needs to relive what a looser he is...night after night.....God knows he took everything away from his victims, life, dreams, everything.

One down, many more to go!

What does the Sandy Hook shooting have to do with this one?  No military assault rifle with large ammo clips was used...More Obama lathering I guess

this kid will be getting it bad in prison

I am not a religious nut but i think this is the result of a whole generation raised with no religion or spankings lolhe is white...they will make a movie about him in a few years.

His shirt should say "douche"

Let's see how tough he is when Big Bubba gets a hold of him

Soon he can be somebody's #$%$

ok got your little show in there...now onto prison and a life of seeing what REAL killers look like.

They should perform a post birth abortion on him.

How does a person jail get a sharpie to write on his tshirt????

oooooooooooo man the brothers are going to #$%$ him all day long

Boy aint got a prayer in prison .eighteen years old and looking to spend the rest of your life in prison ,imagine that. Chances are it will be a short life,bye punk.

There are some big, really bad men watching this guy on the news waiting for him to arrive.  Someone is going to grab his scrawny behind and say grab my belt loop, you're about to earn me some cigarettes. Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life.There are some big, really bad men watching this guy on the news waiting for him to arrive.  Someone is going to grab his scrawny behind and say grab my belt loop, you're about to earn me some cigarettes. Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life.

I keep saying that school shooters do this for attention and fame. They wouldn't shoot random students, if it wasn't for the fame. They would just commit suicide, if it it wasn't for the fame. The media is helping to make new terrorists, by giving them the attention they crave. He is getting what he wanted, all along.

The NRA wants to use him in a promotional campaign.

"I hope you have a cold, rough, unkind, harsh prison life with monsters like yourself," Dina Parmertor said. "I want you to endure years and years of pain, and abuse, which is in my opinion not harsh enough.I`m sure that he has already endured all that in the first 18 years of his life and that is what lead us to this type of situation in the first place, i pray for you and your family Dina, and all of those affected by these type of shootings

There is no place on Earth suitable for this little pig!

were hi is going , hi find out quick , that hi is not so famus and a hiro, so stupid ,

Mental illness is obviously on the increase for a long time as things go faster, are more connected,and we keep concentrating on laws instead of prevention. He does look like what the poster boy for gun rights would look like though. He's white , juvenile, is full of anger and fear. Reminds me of many of the republican party then and now!   Time for us to set a GOOD example to the rest of the world and grow up. The trend will continue unless we change some of our views on where to spend our public money and accept that an assault rifle or 30 round clip is not going to help with the prevention. Gun rights will not be taken away and there could be a benefit to ALL with some common sense restrictions.

My guess is that when he is sent to his permanent prison, his cellie will introduce him to "Ben Dover punk." Then his prison education will begin, every night, night after night, year after year. The good news: He'll never give birth so his gene pool stops with him. However, when he farts, it will go whooooosh, instead of brraaaapp!.

At least he shot only liberals!!!!

Why didn't he play the race card???? INSANITY!!! What the HellIt is really disturbing to see how people on this board attack this teenager though there is another more dangerous accomplice of this young killer: The gun lobby. After all this could happen because the US has a gun culture and everybody can purchase guns easily.

the deputy behind him should have pistol whipped that boy like no other

His new shirt is gonna say "Taker"...

of course yahoo cant bring up anything related to shooting with out bring up sandy hook

I feel sad for his parents breeding him into this world for him to do this crime, what a waste of life.

wait ten years and see what his attitude is then . knowing it's nothing but #$%$ and no chance to to get out . His tune will change , you watch ........

@Hardtimes, did you read the article? He was sentenced as an adult

one of the officers needs to have an "accidental " discharge of a weapon and save us taxpayers alot of money and eradicating  us of this blemish... nice going, mom and dad!!

What goes around comes around,,,,,let Gweedo get a hold of him in the Big House and show him how the Big Boys play!!!

imagine all the obscene gestures that will be directed towards him!How many more out there like this murderer ? America Breeds them.....

the gun nuts are mentally ill. why would it be unconstitutional for the government to ban you from owning assault weapons when the government can ban you from owning tanks ?

a true (a)sshole who libs will now make excuses for........

He'll get his own death sentence.............in prison.

he should of raped someone instead, he would have only gotten a year in prison, like the two ohio kids!

Appalling! Making gestures at the family! I am sick to my stomach. Why did they allow him to wear a t shirt that said killer on it!!!!!????

study him, and the way his brain works then execute him...I don't want to pay for his sheltered life in prison, where he doesn't have to work or do anything but pass his miserable time.

fry his #$%$....... enough said...

The only way to stop these things is shariah law I'm not Muslim but women have no sense and now they have no heart. These people are just giving back to society the same love that has been given to them. Seriously start considering legalizing rape.

A clearly sick kid.....no warning signs? How do we deal with his kind?Its hard to believe that a weakling like that could do so much damage, i almost feel that something went wrong, some switch flipped in his mind, now hes got that cold blooded, Jodi Arias look on his face

Yo hoarhey,Forget him, (with thanx to Tony Soprano)  he's as much garbage, as are you racist. Happy now?

I grew up in Northeast Ohio, not too far from Chardon.  And Mr. Lane, I hope you make a nice girlfriend for someone in your new home for the next several decades.

Use criminals for "unpaid labor'.

Some liberal will feel sorry for him and get him a re-trial or a pardon and then make a movie out of it or a book deal and the guy will be rich.      Life in Liberal America.........

You stay classy conservative America.

Mental help is a big waste of time. one bullet will do. this country is way to soft on crimes like this. the soft hearted females need to grow silent. these kind of humans do not belong in existence On this earth. no room for #$%$ and bad doers.

They should hang him by his testicles.

WOW life without parole...just became a yo yo and still get life! Sounds like our legal system is a bit disillusioned.

Hang him from the nearest tree."showed no remorse"neither would I when I booted him hard in the gonadsHe's already watching the clock.

This is very sad but I still wonder how he did this being only 17, with no training and only using 10 rounds from a .22.

We need guns to protect ourselves. They need to start doing a background check on everybody before they sell it. Some people are crazy in this world.

I agree with everyone why don't we put them down. So no one has to worry if they bust out and come find them.everybody has a fear that someone will come find or just get them. They need to make school safe for children of all ages parents still worry That something is gonna happen.

What he needs is a bullet in th head. Do we really need th expense of keeping this homosexual alive?

Id guess that the kids he shot were probably picking on him. You never know whats going on in a persons head which is why you shouldn't bully people.

Did ANY of you think about GOING to CHURCH and TEACHING your children about JESUS CHRIST? &lt;(((&gt;&lt;

It's a saddening trend with w/f just going out and killing mutiple people for no reason, and more so with you all children. Can I assume you children are paying the prices for your earlier sins, hmmmmmm?

All though we're refering to a teen here, I'm ' quite ' sure he knew killing is wrong. So why does the justice system continually give ' life ' to those who has taken a life/lives. If they have been proven beyond a shadow of a doubt to have killed, I for one could use the surplus of air, could you?

I'll bet he was on anti-depressants or ADHD drugs.  I believe that the common thread in these psychotic episodes is pharmaceuticals.  WAKE UP people and get off this #$%$.Everybody's been there, the punks he killed  deserved it.

...maybe he was being picked on ... maybe he got tired of spineless teachers who do nothing about it .... maybe the kid just got pushed a little to far .... if so .... one thing is for sure, THEY WILL NEVER PUSH HIM AGAIN!!!

he killed three people and yet he gets (LIFE) how ironic

The NRA's poster boy.

Society today has ruined the generation of tomorrow,  parents afraid to spank kids, cuz some #$%$ may call the cops. Kids aren't taught to take up for themselves when bullied, so they kill themselves or others...... what happened to the days when the neighbors would #$%$ you up and tan your hide if you were bad?

U would think that after columbine bullies would relent since they are apt to get a bullet in the brain if they harass the wrong guy. Apparently, they dont learn lessons well. Keep it coming bullies. The tormented have some waiting for u

Looks like the bullies got what they deserved

Cuz the rapist were football stars....pathetic

I used to be anti capital punishmentI am not religious.I used to work in the Ohio Dept of Rehab and Corrections also.I am a progressive/lefty.However, I think that it is ironic how many of these types cost society in so many ways because of their selfish very deliberate behavior.They should have done everyone else a favor and killed themselves.It only shows that when they kill, they then realize that they themselves are afraid to die: The swine!Why, then should we tax payers pay to keep these perverts alive ?At this point: I think all of these convicted mass shooters should be summarily executed after trial.

I can't wait till buba sticks that finger where the sun don't shine after they have there way with him.  i cant stand when the paper said [ he wants to be called t.j. ]   i call him dead sooner the better. Screw his mama and old man i hope they never have another litter.  i can't stand the fact that it's breathing our air.    let me be the first to say [ dont ] rest in peaceDon't be stupid...  so society created a monster.  Why is everybody so butthurt?

Life without parole, that means out in 10 yrs.

There's a right way to deal with these murderous thugs, just bring back the gallows.  But, Obama wouldn't want that since he wouldn't be able to release the thugs if he doesn't get more tax payer money.

You wanted God out of the schools and it sure looks like you got you wish atheists.

1 .22 caliber pistol, CHECK, 10 round clip, CHECK, well atleast the gun he used met the new proposed gun laws criteria. (which is a joke) and newton conn. Had nothing to do with this incident so will you media nit wits please knock it off with the comparisans.

Another disgusting German-American, those #$%$ never get the death penalty.  They breed like rats and are anti-American

Hahaha. he's gonna be someones bit** pretty soon. we'll see if he's still smiling when he's getting pounded up the pooper

rape us no joke young man u will b someones candy mmmm

The cost of a life term averages $1.5 million for tax payer money...

what in the world is wrong w these young folks today? I'll tell you. . . .THEY HAVE NOTHING TO BELIEVE IN. When God was taken out of school, the moral sense of right and wrong went with Him. . . .He will go to prison as a tight end and soon become a wide receiver.

It is too bad he is not being let go and able to walk the streets so the families that lost loved ones can have access to him somre dark night.     Saves county money and justice is done  a lot better than paying for this guy to stay in jail.....

Life? How about death to this punk? Let the families be the firing squad.

.....why mention sandy hook? Really? Why? Went not mention columbine and the Amish school house as well?

"A massacre in December at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, left 26 people dead, including 20 first-graders, sparking a national outcry to curb gun violence and leading President Barack Obama to propose a ban of military-style assault weapons and limits on the capacity of ammunition clips."Sounds to me like President Obama is trying to make his "People" weaker while he supplies police forces with 1.5 billion dollars worth of assault rifles and ammunition oh and did i mention employing them with M1A1 Abrams Tanks? Oh and did i mention he is authorized to use predator drones to kill american citizens, also the barbed wire fences on my military base faces inwards not outwards, seems like they want to keep us in not threats out... And seems to me like Sandy hook is staged for gun control and that the government pays the media in all aspects of its medium to the masses and americans are ignorant enough to believe everything they tell them.  My thoughts.

Kill the little sob

Hang him!

This P.O.S. is gonna need a new T that reads, #$%$"!

Bubba and his gang are excited about getting some young fresh meat in there cell block !!!!!

His parents must be proud. His parents should be punished for raising such a worthless blob.Free room and board for life, as well as medical, cable TV, etc.  Maybe a way of the future.  Or, lets have a mandatory death penalty.

Its interesting that the article gives no background relating to interaction between the shooter and the deceased. I am betting that he was bullied, had enough and then dished out what he had taken. The days of civility have been over and when I hear of incidents like this all I can think is that you reap what you sow. The families may be heartbroken but if they would have raised their kids right then maybe this wouldn't have happened. No sympathy here because I doubt if anyone involved is completely innocent.

Haha....can only happens in the US. For god sake you can't even make this loser were something elas?!!!! What is the hell wrong with this country?!!!

the eyes of texas are angrily looking down on the ohio justice system

What is the world coming to? Why is it so easy to get military type weapons. You can order most of the weapons used in these shooting online and have it shipped directly to you . I hope they do a real number on him in prison.

You all are praying for Bubba and the gang rapes but the best revenge is years and years in solitary confinement.

They're going to have fun with him in the joint...for like the next 40 years.

At least he got rid of Black Demetrius - that move almost certainly prevented some White women from getting raped in the future.

Serious question: Will Ohio prisoners already incarcerated, know who this kid is when he arrives? In other words, will they know it's the kid who wore the "Killer" shirt in court?

It is Tuesday evening. First night of your LIFE sentence tough guy. Are you your cellmates b#tch yet? Enjoy spending the next 60 - 70 years grabbing your ankles!!I do not remember this shooting.So many of these school shootings I am losing track of them.

He'll kill himself soon enough.

This is actually one of those cases where the thought enters my mind to infiltrate the prison where he's held, just to have a chance to "meet" him...if you know what I mean....And I don't even know any of the victims, the whole story, etc.This is a BOLD piece of trash that deserves to lose his life. Period.

Killing is wrong but the State can kill?

Ban white people

I know first hand what I'm talking about. This a boy going into a mans prison.They will eat his #$%$ up. He will probably will kill himself or turn into a so called #$%$ until the day he dies. He will find out just what it means to be disrespected, like he did the families of the victims. I wish him no good luck.

So we, the taxpayers, get to pay for this piece of #$%$ for the rest of his miserable life.

They need to make him wear that shirt in prison so his new friends can see it and know not to mess with him.

Give me a little time with this punk!

Tough Guy.. or soon to be 'Sweetie, I'm back from the yard - NOW DROP #$%$!!Lane deserves no mercy in this life or when he is dead. When he dies they should cremate him and dump his ashes in the ocean so he can be with Bin Laden. Lane is a Terrorist.

Hardtimes: YOU just made the argument for the ban on #$%$ault weapons and high capacity magazines!! So MY question is WHY do we need " #$%$ault weapons and high capacity magazine weapons"?!!! Some people are so busy TRYING to be a smart #$%$ that they over play themselves, Case In Point...YOU!!!!

Oooo we are so scared!!  He will have his punishment soon!  The families should be able to watch his punishment!

I bet he won't be smirking for long in prison. Get to see what kind of "man" he really is.

hopefully it will be a LIVING HELL for him the rest of his pathic life. actually, maybe the inmates will do us taxpayers a favor and kill him thus saving us all money!!!!

This punk #$%$ kid will be wearing lipstick, hip huggers and a tube top in no time at all.  Have fun "Killer".

i cant believe my tax dollars are going to keep this jerk alive in prison. i hope someone kills the SOB

Killer? No, just some fresh punk for a big bubba in prison.

Yes old enough to kill old enough to die he should be on death row but laws in this country because of his age at the time he did the killings don't permit it sorry to burst your bubble but this guy will be Bubba's beotch and slave soon enough he thinks he is a big man now what till he sees some of the guys where he is going he will be dead if he isn't some one's little slave or partner for life if you know what I mean LOL

Guns fault? This is a stone cold pyschopath that would and will never be effected by any laws of any kind. Put this POS away and throw away the key, better yet shoot him. You really think this kid can be rehabilitated?I'm sorry but has anyone wondered why a 17 year old would do this terrible act. I am not saying what he did was ok or that he should not have got the punishment that he did.... But was he a victim of bullying was his intended targets the people who harassed him?? I know there are people who are evil in this world and it does appear that this young man is but were there circumstances that lead up to this?

Gee, if he had only been 18, they cold have given him the death penalty. Why keep straying to the Newtown Shooting? Has nothing to do with this shooting. Save us all some money, take his A ss out back and shoot him! Justice and taxpayer savings all in one.

He does't have a clue on whats waiting for him!!

Why on earth would someone go on a shooting rampage with a .22 caliber?  I mean, if you're gonna do it....

I am so happy he didn't get a death sentence... This creature must be tortured but kept alive to feel pain and agony every hour of every day.  Sodomy by cactus without KY jelly and pulling finger nails with a pair of pliers and a host of other painful methods must be applied to make this jerk humble. Find the parents, castrate them so they can't reproduce and raise more garbage like this.

I have no sympathy. He'll soon know what real fear is.

We need to drop these white criminals in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia or Afghanistan.  Let us see how macho these criminals are when they don't have the advantage of guns.

i think this POS should be force fed a daily ration of the paralyzed kid's feces everyday... we'll see how much he likes prison then.. death penalty is too easy...

If you are interested in all these mass murderers I suggest you watch on Netflix the documentary called Generation RX....we should be blaming the pharmaceutical companies and the doctors who carelessly prescribe meds for young people so their lazy parents don't have to parent them....they just medicate them to be zombies instead of actually having a relationship with them and teaching them how to be a decent human being. WAKE UP AMERICA....just because you can procreate doesn't mean you should....its the hardest job EVER!

The T-shirt should say, "Future Cell #$%$ Tossing Salad."Does his shirt say COWARD?

A life sentence to reflect on his actions.and I hope he lives a long hard life.////Bert

I say we contract out to the turks with our prisoners.let them sit in a Turkish jail cell.

Lol.... Ur new boodie, homie. At the back of the line. Dues to pay, an they dont take currency up in there, princess....

This makes my stomach sick!!!! There is a small minority ruining our country. All they want to do is change it to fit there lifestyle and what they believe, forget the majority who are to busy building a life and taking care of our families. This punk should fry not once but twice and before that, let the families stone him. See if we handle it that way they might think twice about commiting the crime!

Not harsh enough, Not at all, He should have gotten a death sentence for his 21st birthday.

Shameful how life means nothing to people and the media glorifies this horrible situation all around.  Where is the compassion?  Where is the humanity?  Where is the parents?  Was he bullied?  There are more to this than what the media is saying.  Sad situation all around.  Wasted lives and where are the adults who set a good example for young people to follow?  We need good mentors for young people not the judges.  Look in the mirror people, look in the mirror.........

You don't have the last laugh fool.

Free room and board for life, as well as medical, cable TV, etc.  Maybe a way of the future.  Or, lets have a mandatory death penalty.

"Fresh meat, how sweet", says Big Bubba when he gets his first look at Li'l TJ :)Welcome to the Big House, "Killer"I hope the other inmates in the jail he goes to sentence him to very harsh, brutal, anal rape, and finish him off with a knife to the back!!!!! little punk #$%$ #$%$

I just love how pro-gun nuts are trying to use this article as an example of how gun control would do nothing to reduce gun related deaths.IN FACT it is just the opposite.  This article proves that not having access to high powered, high capacity assault weapons REDUCES the body count in these mass shootings.Had this kid had a more powerful gun, the story would have possibly rivaled the Newtown shooting story, yet, I'd be willing to bet, most people never heard of this shooting.Why??? Because the count was 3, not 26.  The reason for that is quite obvious.Let's finally work together to make a compromise on gun control... Nobody is talking about taking away all guns.  Obviously stories like this will continue to manifest.  What can change, with cooperation is the body count reported in the stories.

I hope he gets #$%$ raped every night by Leroy sporting 10 inches of BBC.

I would assume this killers parents are fine, upstanding citizens also.  He'll be Bubba's #$%$. Soap on a rope won't save him.

Bye-bye loser. That your new prison love interest is gonna be named Bubba will be a comfort to all of us.

23 hours a day of forced sodomy would be more appropriate for this degenerate.

If I was king id do a public Execution.

I am so glad that they charged him. Hopefully everybody get back to there own lives.

Kill him, kill him now.

Looks like Casey Anthony with shaved headIs no one posting racist comments because he is caucasian?

And now the state of Maryland wants to abolish the death penalty?? I think that we should be able to just send all of the worthless peckerheads to Texas and kill ALL of 'em.  Yeah we know -"God will be the one to pass judgement."  Well, why can't we just speed up the process?

Let's ban all the assault rifles and high capacity magazines so kids like this can't use a handgun to kill people ever again.

Hopefully this POS gets shanked in his scrotum and he dies a slow and painful death

One thing these shooters all have in common: they're the "weird" kids. If we raise our children to be more tolerant of those who are "different", and less mocking &amp; judgemental, maybe there would be a decline of this sort of thing. The schools also need to do their part; even the coach at Columbine made inappropriate remarks to one of the shooters... Even if we, as a society, don't like the "weird" kids, at least protect the "cool" ones.

Population control at its finest.

The ones he killed would like a life sentence.

If he were black there would be 10,000 racially slurred posts by now; with that being said, he has learned from a long list of male crackers that actually thought they were above the law and could get away with garbage like this. If he didn't do this, I'm sure he would have strangled a wife, kill and dump his kids, or shoot up somewhere as soon as he faced a little adversity in his life...

When you have democrats for parents this is what happens M Griffith

Is Chris Kyle available for comment?Just shows the moral decay of American society.....get ready for more as long as we continue the route we are on.....AWAKE...AMERICA

One less democrat on the streets.

Left or Right Political parties are both for the American people, but when you idiots bring it into the Killing Forum of our young men its the most ignorant and dumbest message you can post on these boards..

If guns were banned, all these lives would not have been taken.   BAN GUNS NOW!

BUBBA CAN'T WAIT FOR LAMBCHOP.....

Don't send him to prison, I've got a better idea, let's put him in Congress.  That'll serve multiple purposes:  it'll thin the herd, and give them a new perspective on gun control.

Oh, by all means, we must bring up Sandy Hook, because this person didn't use an automatic or assualt weapon, so we can't really use this as fodder for our not-so-well hidden agenda for gun control.  And of course we must label this a "mass shooting" for effect.  This is a terrible tragedy for the victims, carried out by someone filled with evil.  Report the facts of the case and leave the editorials for the editorial page.

ohhhhhh   me wait till he meets his new friends    bend over boy  ur next

Nooo......  More money to be wasted on this waste of life.

Vile and evil. Galatians 6;7hopefuly he will kill himself inside and save some taxes.....he killed a number of people and destroyed lives ...he needs to die.

ummmmhummmm. wait till prison he goes. don't think a poorly written on tshirt will mean anything there. im sure the men in prison know of his doings and will test his killer theory... without his guns and without them being kids. just wait

Satan roams. Guns necessary to protect yourself from Evil as this !

The poor lost soul..God will forgive him..its his word!

For the love of god! Quit bringing up the Newtown Shooting. It's old news! Jesus Christ!

Don't worry,, maybe he'll get to share a bunk with Big Bubba...lol

Kim Palmer, "EVERYBODY KNOWS YOUR LAST PARAGRAPH BY HEART !" That's because every time a story is written about a gun crime, you MEDIA CLOWNS rehash this liberal propaganda, over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and ...

So, if he decided that he would visit his classmates house's in the middle of the night and set them on fire instead of shooting them would the powers that be ban gasoline and matches?

I hope he lives a long miserable life in prison and is removed from this life by another inmate the day before he turns his life over to God. That way he can rot in hell for eternity. Punk!

His new shirt will say "B ! T C H"Why don't they execute these killers.  He'll get better health care then we do, andwe'll pay for it.  The only difference is I can take a shower and feel safe.

Feel sorry for the kid, he doesn't fully comprehend the consequences of his actions.  He will have to learn them in prison but still proves he doesn't fully comprehend them now or he maybe criminally insane.

the FOUNDING FATHERS all believed that nobody can rightly call themselves an american until he has been shot in the face with a semi-automatic weapon by a lunatic at least one time. acorn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Don't be stupid... At least he didn't placate himself by crying for mercy, giving a fake apology, or admitting the errors of his ways. I admire such conviction.

He's gonna be somebodys #$%$ real soon!

Thank Jebus for prison rape.

obama takes out budgets cuts on the military so they can suffer.. why not start giving all the damn killers to sleep so they get what there victims got. and save a bunch load of money while doing it. if your gonna kill people on purpose and plan it, you deserve to die.

My church has their annual spaghetti dinner this Saturday and all of you lovely folks are invited.

If we let him live, we have a chance to figure out why. Many of the convicted killers like him are at this time, being studied by professionals who can unlock the doors that can lead to  the answers.

He used a 22 pistol but Obama bans Military style guns?If that boy was AFRICAN AMERICAN, he would be on the grill, next to the hotdogs.... smh

T.J, meet Bubba.  He's your new cellmate.What a dumb #$%$

another stupid republican.

Btw for such a killer he sure has bad aim.

Btw for such a killer he sure has bad aim.

Its to bad you wonder what went wrong with this boy no joke he is full of hate but what happened to him when he was younger he looks so innocent

Inmates will "take care"of this bozo

Where was ICE, DHS &amp; Border Patrol? Why didn't S-COMM or Secure Communities STOP This ILLEGAL CRAZY White Boy? White People STOP Buying Guns! Instead of him writing killer on his shirt, he might as well have wrote...I HATE MYSELF! WHAT A MESS!

Just out of curiosity, was this guy bullied?

Why did'nt they write his vlle statement in the article. This hand that pulled the trigger masterbates to the memory of it.then the finger.A dear colleague told me several years ago the following, "In the '60's &amp; '70's we marched for human rights; we forgot to march for Safety.

I see a very scared kid,that's lost,may GOD help and bless him,release him from this hate.

Why is this kid like he is?  Was he born that way or did something make him like he is?  Just trying to understand the whole thing.  Did he feel he had a reason or is he just out-in-out mean?  I'm really trying hard to figure this out.

Let him suffer. It's good he's doing LIFE. Let him go to all the pain and torture. He don't deserve to put to death that's the easy way out. It's time for him to learn  THE REAL LIFE IN STATE PENN. He will learn his biggest lesson of his life. MY GOD BLESS HIM.

T.J. Lane thinks like a dunce.

bull stinky, old enough to kill, old enough for death.

The new boy toy in town

JohnHaving worked in prisons, I can promise you he will get what's coming to him 10 foldHe will wish he was dead and probably soon will be.

that boy needs to walk with the killers in general population, let the wolves handle that sheep.

I swan!  Such a rude young man!+1 TJ

Stick a fork in him , he's done.

Life without lube!

Start locking up the parents, too....THAT will stop these kids!

Now that's what I call a piece of human garbage.

One movie comes to mind... Let's go to prison!!

Just another example of how little academic scores and achievement really mean when discussing intelligence. If he was so smart, why didn't he off himself? So he could be gang raped in prison hundreds of times over the years, contracting AIDS so he can age faster and die an even slower more painful death? Yeah, really bright kid, thank you public school system for engineering 'well rounded' individuals. That social studies class he aced really helped him to be what you define as "smart"...too bad they can't have truly intelligent students achieve what they WANT to achieve INSTEAD, it always has to be eight hours of every weekday cramming #$%$ about the civil war or trigonometry you'll never use down your throat and five hours of homework when you're done with that, and extracurricular activities on the weekend if you want to get into that overpriced college where most people fail afterwards anyway, and when all you really want to do is design something or create something or invent something and learn what you need to do that, but of course, they don't cover such things in highschool because it isn't that advanced and not that interesting either.    Did I mention you spend all of highschool being reminded every minute that you are what you look like and what you wear and everyone is nothing but a symbol of their socials status? Yeah, no real reason for bullies or bullets, have no idea where they're coming from, geniuses. Go sleep with your English teachers and complain some more about the tragedies that just keep happening for no apparent reason...if there was a real public EDUCATION system there would be no NRA and no Fox News and NO GOP.

I can not understand with all these killings taking place, why is it that there aren't laws enforced on guns?  People such as this individual are taking the lives of the ones we love and all we have to show is that "I have a right to bare arms..." really...what if your child killed you with your own gun, then what?

It will serve nobody if the government kills him with lethal injection or so on.  Let him rot in jail.  Much bravado now, but let him enjoy the fridge for years with no light at the end of the tunnel.  Nicer would be if they rotate him from jail to jail so can be a new inmate every time and get banged every time as a newbie.  That's justice.

maybe it's just me but I hate it when they play that silly remorse game and anyone who would express remorse to a court would be a liar or deceiver. Courts don't deserve to see remorse to begin with nor are they a realistic target for remorse. It's just one more pathetic thing courts do to covince they are god and to replace God with themself.Additionally, those who think that rampant assaults in prison are ok, you're doing what so many young teens are now doing and reveling in violence because of your own personal outrage.

I hope bubba shoves it up his #$%$ and down his throte every day

Maybe he's a fan of the "Killers".....decent music btw...

Consecutively.  I believe that means he needs to get parole from ONE of them before the other one's kick in, in order.No complaints.  With the 37 years tacked on plus life, we'll see.Truth be told, at best, 12 years + 12 years +12 years + 6 years,  means a minimum of 42 years if he's an angel in prison.Do YOU think you're ever going to see this guy again?

He needs the death sentence, now we will be paying for him ,the rest of his life $$$$$$$

I think that this whole tragedy should again bring more light to the subject of Bullying.

Satan at his best

Well no matter how bad the crime was I don't think we should look past the fact he was only a child and on top of it he's mentally unstable. Yes he should pay but can any of you imagine if your 17 year old child did this would you be saying kill him rape him or torture him?  This is a very sad case for each of the families including the convict.

Where did this little crazy punk get his gun?

If I were that bailiff...I would have beat the #$%$ out of him.If I were that bailiff...I would have beat the #$%$ out of him.

See how big of a killer he is now.

Hope he likes tossed salad...

enjoy free meals, dental and medical, a bed, and excercise facilities all at our expense. Oh, and Big_T-Bone gonna love you real good at night

Did u guys know there was a mass shooting in Newtown, Connecticut last year? Just to make sure you can read it twice in this article.

Let us not forget the other students who witnessed the attack who have committed suicide because of the trauma of seeing their friends die so unexpectantly.  He should be charged with their murders also.

bubba will give him a good life , and a candy bar

"I hope you have a cold, rough, unkind, harsh prison life with monsters like yourself," Dina Parmertor said. "I want you to endure years and years of pain, and abuse, which is in my opinion not harsh enough." nice lady

death penalty.no appeals,no more media coverage,stop giving these low life's the attention they crave in their other wise pathetic lives.Once they commit a crime like this they should lose all of their rights,just like the victims.

What was his social status at the school? As terrible as this is to say...could this be the result of bullying? What reasons did he ever give for the shootings? If he was set to graduate early, that tells me he must have been above average intelligence...A few decades in the slammer as Bubba's special date should wipe that smirk off his face.

At this point the FBI or anyone has a positive profile of an Active Shooter.

There are teenagers who are unattractive but likeable and popular and fun to be with.  But there are a lot of teenagers who believe they are not liked because they are unattractive so are self conscious and withdrawn and probably that makes them want to lash out.  (They're not crazy)   This could be remedied by parents or other adults who would concentrate on tending to that child's good grooming and appearance.  A boy with "bad" hair can have his personality boosted tremendously with one trip to a salon and a good hair cut and style.  That goes for at least a couple of nice outfits, too, even if you can't afford a whole wardrobe.

Why dont all the crazy gun people Shoot someone like him and you can get all the media attention.And then you can be the good person.

Don't be stupid... good for him for sticking to his guns.

hope he has fun in prison. the conditions are very rough, the beds are hard metal, the food is nasty. why would the court realize this alot sooner?

The ban on guns can't come fast enough.

sentence him to death by hanging  no reason to half to pay to keep this #$%$ alive. it is simple as that

I feel that if this young man could take back the day of the shootings, he would do it. Lost soul.

Stupid parents, where were they when their dead kids were bullying this kid tito madness.   Everyone lost-- i bet lesson not learned. Not every bullied kids takes his own life someof them take the lifes of the bullies. So teach you kids not to bully anyone -- too late thougWhy do we keep a person of this Stature alive? How much is he going to cost the American Taxpayer to keep this POS housed &amp; fed? He admitted GUILT don't we have a Bullet, Needle or Electric Chair with his name on it. EYE FOR EYE, TOOTH FOR A TOOTH. He took 3 Lives and devasted others. Wake up America. Time for some Old Fashion Justice

But lets be sure not to step on anyone's "rights" and make sure people like this continue to legally access firearms.

one bullet costs at the most a couple of dollars versus $35,000 a year to house this animal.  If he lives to 70 that's $1,820,000, that's an injustice.

the courts should not allow victim impact statements, they are as hateful and mean as the one doing the crimes. its a horrible thing to allow in the courts, its serves no purpose at all. these people have endured loss, yes. but its not excuse to use the court to spew out your venom towards another. that person has you in bondage. if you cant forgive that person who did the wrong, your just as guilty, and kept in chains yourself. mkes me cringe listening to these hateful people talk in court. they are not perfect by no means! you know its funny, Jesus said in his word, if you have hate in your heart for another, your just as guilty as a murderer. interesting, and it makes perfect sence.

i bet he gets butt fk d everyday  big smile

There is no profile of the Active Shooter.

His parents are probably Republicans.

Nobody deserves to die.  Everybody deserves the chance to rehabilitate themselves.

yes sir you republi-tards let's put more guns on the street...one day Ihope it is one of your family that gets gunned down....then lets hearyou defend your precous 2nd ammendment,,.......

Stupid kids bullying this kid, till they drove him crazy--- everyone lostAll republicans said no to a background check for military type assault weapons during a recent congressional vote in the senate. The heartlessness is in congress. It is a sign of the times!

Another reason for Gun Control or at least background check. I guess the NRA would sell him guns. Yes the NRA SELLS GUNS to kill people.

Is George Zimmerman, Jt Ready, Lanza, Bales available for comment?

typical white boy

From the human perspective, murder is the physical act of taking anothers life. However, we also must consider that God defines murder as any thought or feeling of deep-seated hatred or malice against another person. In other words, it is more than just a physical act that constitutes murder to God, who tells us that everyone who hates his brother is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him (1 John 3:15 ESV). When we harbor hatred in our hearts for another, we have committed the sin of murder in Gods eyes. The disdain towards another person never has to be demonstrated outwardly because God looks upon the heart for the truth (1 Samuel 16:7; Matthew 15:19). As Christians and as human beings, we know that unjustified killing is wrong. Gods Word is very clear on this point: You shall not murder. And what God says we must obey, or we face the consequences on judgment day.

God have mercy

this dude is not going to lose because he has a death wish. He wants you to kill him because he doesn't have the guts to kill himself. He doesn't want to live anymore, don't you see that? He hopes you hurt him, this kid is in torment and wants to be set free. He feels death will clear his torment but it won't. Jesus is the only one who will give you piece/rest.

Bush and Cheney are responsible for the murders of tens of thousands of innocent people and yet they are free... go figure

He should be put to death within  an hour of his conviction

For "a bright student set to leave high school early"...sure showed a lot of stupidity and arrogance before sentencing  (flshing t-shirt,profanities at families and court)...yeah I guess he knew he was gonna be sentenced for the long haul and just wanted an extra 15 minutes of fame.The inmates are all looking for him to go to their prison and in ensuring he has a good stay. He doesn't deserve any less.

This kid is related to those yahoo user who bash me on gun laws. From reading their posting on my replies, they sound like trigger happy people. Plus, they're racist too and stupid. They hate homos, minorities, and such. And they say all good things about guns? LOl, what a joke. They sound more like killers to me. Anyway, good day everyone.

We get to watch this #$%$ rot in prison. Then go  to hell when it dies. LOL

yawn all these keyboard warriors

spare the rod spoil the child.

HONKY KIDS MAKE ME SICK

The shirt should have read "ANOTHER NRA ACCOMPLISHMENT"

The court system stinks. He had a bad lawyer to allow the court to put him on trial as anadult. The judge is an idiot also. This kid should have been able to plead insanity or get a max of 25 yrs less 1/3 good behavior time. He was born in a world of violence and this will continue to happen because kids don't care any more. This is today's reality and be gratefulif you have girls because boys will always have access to guns with all the crime in this society we live in. We will penalize a teenager but let other murderers out of prison all the time. Families on both sides are victims here. TJ's family didn't give him a gun and say go to school and kill. You can't bring your loved ones back so quit all your hate and making Tj's family liable by suing them. Chardon schools didn't need an anniversary walk either during school time  so kids can cry and be miserable again. Please don't make this an annualmemory for our children in Chardon. Memories are suppose to be happy, not sad.