I miss my dogs. Age and illness suck.

After researching a bit, it seems that you can't just drop off a dog and say to hell with it... You have to fill out forms in quadruple, the dog gets examined, and flown out... It's a process. Someone dropped the ball somewhere and unfortunately, a dog died as a result. A very unfortunate accident.

The mushers love their dogs....mostly treat them like their kids. This seems like the race organizers dropped the ball on this, it sucks but I can't believe it would be intentional, maybe neglect. I feel sorry for the pup and the owners....

I used to wonder about the dogs, but in 2009 we went to the Iditarod race. The dogs were so happy and excited about the race. We visited one of the race team's home and the area where the dogs were kept was a loud, boisterous happy area. The dogs got so excited when they were hitched to the sled. As soon as they took off they were barking and having a blast. You can't always think animals want to just sit around and look cute for a dog show. These dogs were well-cared for and happy.

Having used to run sled dogs I can tell you these dogs are treated better than most pet dogs...they get the best vet care, a carefully prepared diet designed for digestability and optimum health. Do things go bad from time to time?  Absolutely....Do radical uninformed outfits like peta know what they are talking about?  Absolutely NOT....Keep in mind this is the same group who's radical members a few years ago went through the dog crating area of the Philadelphia dog show opening crates and "liberating" dogs...some of the dogs got out of the building and were hit and killed by cars...peta's response....."death is preferable to a life of servitude."....THIS is the group who professes to care about animals.....

Seems to me Peta needs to be concerned with dog fights in the US and the cruelty by thousands of owners and breeders across the US.   Sled dogs are treated extremely well and if for some reason they lose a dog its an accident or a health problem with he dog

Isn`t PETA the ones that have "put down" thousands of dogs?

Very sad that the fine animal suffocated.

Replace the dogs with PETA members

The cruelest thing for the dogs would be to stop them doing what they love, racing.This is a very unfortunate accident, and it should spur better operations at the checkpoints.  There couldn't have been enough staff at the site.  That said, it is untrue that the dogs are forced to run.  In fact, the hardest job a musher has is *stopping* them from running.

How many animals does PETA allow to be euthanized at Animal control places.Don't they count...or is it just when it is somebody out of their loop...

the best way peta  can show compassion is to be out on the roads picking up strays and removing chained up dogs that spend a life in some back yard negelected ... these iditarod dogs have better health care than most americans and are better fed as well

And in the past 14 years PETA has killed over 29,000 dogs and cats at their one and only kill shelter while raising millions and not spending that money on saving the animals they claim to defend but all the while killing them and taking your money.

what about the thousands of animals PETA puts to death every year when these animals could be adopted?what about the fact the PETA thinks every pet should be released into the wild to fend for themselves?before you just thumb me down because you don't like what I typed, take 5 minutes and look up the facts that I just typed and see that I am correct.

What about the 30+ other dogs? Did they suffer frost bite or illness from the same conditions? Yes, the dog's death is tragic, but where is the rest of the story? It would tell a lot about what happened.

I think the PETA members need to be staked out.  They, as usual, don't have the slightest clue as to what they're talking about.  Think of them as a Al Sharpton or Jesse Jackson of the animal world.

PETA's CEO or what ever they call her made a statement a while back that she would rather see animals go extinct than people hunting them.  Does this organization fund any money to protect species?

None of these Yahoo articles make sense details are always left out.

peta is another scam all they want is your MONEY.Peta kills over 90% of the animals brought to their shelter, even if they are adoptable.

Extreme groups like PETA only hurt the cause they care about most...........

Ok this is a tragic event but it's not a criminal case. As for the dogs being outside in Alaska...these dogs ALWAYS sleep outside!I'm not happy a dog died and I think it's inexcusable that no volunteers checked on the dogs for 6 hours but PETA does not need to get involved with this.

Was Dorado the only dog out of 3 dozen that died.   That is kind of strange.

PETA should remember that humans are animals too.Protest that homeless humans freeze in our cities every winter.idjits.

PETA only wants their media time. Sure, if they really wanted to help animals they could go to shelters around the country and volunteer their time and money finding homes and caring for the critters. Get's more attention and more importantly donors to criticize a big event tho.

Hey... PETA... this isn't a 'racing is bad' problem, this is a care along the way problem, get it right...

Sad. They are gorgeous dogs with more heart than a lot of humans.

Wonder if there is more to this story, like the article written about the lady in a care facility that a nurse refused to give CPR to.  What the reporter didn't tell you was that the lady who died chose that facility for that purpose.  She had a DNR order and wanted to be in a place that would honor her request.  So, with this said, I look at this story and take it in with a grain of salt, because liberal reporters are becoming even worse about not reporting the full story for the purpose of shock value.  So keep that in mind when you read any article on the web now days.  It could be just another form of propaganda to advance said reporter's political beliefs.

Just tie up the PETA activists or any of the activists to the sleds next year,seems to be an abundance of them in this countrySome of you clearly didn't read the article. Why don't you read BEFORE you post your stupid comments.

RIP Dorado

135 dogs, 1 happened to die, and they want someone in prison?  These people are fu**ing terrorists.

It breaks my heart to think about how Dorado died such a horrible death.  There is no gold medal, or silver, or bronz that would be worth losing my beloved dogs and cats over,  their my "kids"

To place approx. 36 dogs OUTSIDE the airport buildings? - thinking they would be protected? from harsh Alaska temperatures - should Join the dogs Overnite, to see if THEY can hack the cold Overnite....Indeed, SOME people are just plain STUPID

those dogs should have had indoor shelter.

These dogs aren't pets.  if you ban the races, the dogs will be put down.Is that what peta wants?

What is wrong with these people, do they have an animal?  Mine love to run and will do it for hours without me making them its in their nature!!!

PETA is responsible for more animal deaths then a turkey farmer on Thanksgiving.

PETA should give it a rest!  These dogs only exist because of the Iditarod and similar races, and they are exceptionally well cared for.  35 other dogs left in the same spot survived the night.  Unfortunate? Yes.  Criminal? No!I would never leave my dog with anyone, let alone on a mountain trail during a blizzard.

If they leave dogs alone like that why don't they have to furnish lean-to type shelters?

This was a droped dog?  Wheres the pick up truck?  this falls on the race and the state.

I sure hope the PETA bunch never have to depend on a sled and dog for their lives.

The snow must have been pretty deep for the dog to die. The thing is, if they managed to fit most of the dogs inside buildings, I don't see why they didn't manage to find places for the rest of them.

folks, I'm kidding about granting animals civil rightd and a Bill of RIghts, yet I'm receiving thumbs up. PETA people.

too bad they cant ask the dog how HE feels about it......

These Dogs sleep in the Snow.  Drifting Snow covers them, and provides wamth, and protection from the wind.  Woles in the winter do the same.  Sad this Dof died, but I doubt there was act of intentionaal abuse.  The Dog was already having problems, and was dropped off because of that.  His problems were apparently worse that anyone knew.  But leave it up to PETA to search for, and leap on any case they can build up, and rant about.  These Sled Dogs live for the thrill of the run, and love what they do.  The last person that wants to see a Dog hurt are the Mushers, and those that care for the Dogs.  It's a know fact that PETA itself has killed more Dogs (and Cats) and did it with intent to save money.

Oooo, Dorado was so beautiful.  Love those eyes...RIP little one...

Iron WillCoincidentally I am reading Jack London's "Call of the Wild" at this time. Interesting, not having read the book since school days, I just rediscovered the sled dogs dig snow caves to keep themselves warm. I am sure Jack's story is totally fictitious though, and not based on real life facts in any way. Just like John Grisham writes novels about law when he has no background in law. Oh, that's right, he is a lawyer.

This wasn't the owner screwing up, this was the people who should have been watching at the checkpoint.  Very sad. At least you can believe the dog was loved by the owner.Now, something completely different:  "PETA cruelty caseworker"?  How many people do you have to beat at the spirit drums to get that gig? Does being alergic to hemp automatically disqualify you?

I have 2 German Shepherds and I love them to no end, they depend on me just as much as I depend on their love and loyalty,I pray to God I never let them down.

I personally feel that the Iditarod is barbaric. That's my opinion and I am aware that others do not share it. This particular dog was not in a safe environment and was not looked after properly. One would think that dogs this valuable wold receive better care but hey, that's just me. What really offends me is PETA. If one does research and looks at PETA, you will discover that they have a public facade of being all about the animals whereas in private it is another matter. They routinely kill animals they deem "surplus to requirements". So they are hardly in a position to criticize. Seriously - look it up.

They use a motor hooked up to the sled to administer the whipping.  Wouldn't want the guys arm to get tired.  Nice sport.....NOT!

Over 500 HUMANS die every year in Chicago alone. Any of you PETA #$%$ ever get upset about that? Idiots.

Wow what arrogance the human race shows...we always want to save or protect something, yet we can't take care of ourselves...what a proud and important species we make ourselves out to be sarc/on

It's time someone looked into PETA's murdering of thousands of dogs every year...

My favorite animals are cows, I like them medium rare.

Leaving dogs out in arctic storms is horrendous cruelty.  Also many dogs are regularly chained outside where they cannot escape an approaching polar bear, and are gruesomely killed while in terror and panic.People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals never shed a tear, but I'll bet the owner did.

I hate PETA.When I had both of my cats neutered, I thought I was doing the right thing.  An acquaintance who is a member of that terrorist group called me later that week to tell me that '...if you wouldn't do that to a human, you shouldn't do that to a pet..."   She went on to tell me that I was basically torturing my cats because I had them fixed.PETA's run by #$%$.Everything I've read about dogs in these races says that the dogs are well-cared for.  What happened was an accident , and I doubt all of the people participating in the Iditarod  want to try to kill their dogs !

Drifting snow does not sound like the cause. How deep was it, snow is porous and the dogs can stay on top unless he had a very short chain.

It's pretty obvious from some of the touchy-feely post that a whole lot of people are pretty stupid and/or don't have the slightest idea of what they're talking about.

My dog would have buried me in the drifting snow and then went on his way.

PETA is nothing but a bunch of WHACKJOBS. Anything they say is not worth listening to.

It is amazing what these dogs can do.  It is a shame this one had to die.

once again PETA to the rescue, this was an accident that happened under really nasty conditions, if this organization gets their hooks in there will never be another race , must not be any toads or small fish they can save at the cost of millions

If PETA's behind it, you know you have to be against it.

This was commented upon, but it bears repeating. These people live in Alaska, they know what the weather's like there. Leaving ANY living thing outdoors during a storm in Alaska, while perhaps not intentionally criminal, certainly is neglect. Someone needs to pay attention, or don't have the race. I'm not sure I like making dogs run so humans can win a race.this is a sad situation although most dog owners and mushers care for their animals with such care there are some who do not and I do not mean this particular couple, but, for the most part the dogs love this activity and everything involved with the race.

How sad. Poor guy.

peta- People that think if you sat in a cage with a tiger,and just loved it,it would love you.It would....It would love you as a snack. Idiots.

People Eating Tasty Animals!

The PETA wackos care more about dumb animals than they do about a person freezing to death!

What idiot left these dogs outside in the winter in alaska.Is it possible people are this stuiped.This dog died a horrible death for no reason.No excuse for this.Someone has to be responsible for this.

Well, I guess the Iditarod is totally worth it, isn't it?  Who the hell cares about the dogs they "drop off" because they can't make it all the way????  Just throw them out in back of the building in 30 degrees below 0 and if they make it fine, if not, so what?  SOMEONE NEEDS TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIS!!!!!

Use PETA members to pull the sleds. Make them be fully dressed though as the fat pigs would be a real turn off pulling sled in the  raw.

feces occur...

F peta  this is what these dogs LIVE forAs soon as I saw "PETA", I immediately sided with the race!

@ DarkTaco, "PETA killed 1,911 cats and dogs last year while placing just 24 in adoptive homes" -Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services

These dogs are fortunate enough to get to do what they were born to do !

Why doesn't PETA go to Asia where this stuff happens thousands of times a day and get their collective panties bunched up there?

Sounds to me like it wasn't done on purpose.  It seems that they didn't have enough room and some dogs were left outside, but you would think a sled dog would last 5 hrs outside.

They are over reacting. #$%$ happens. Haul your #$%$ up there; it`s not warm sunny Florida in that place.

How many of you think we would all be better off if these bleeding heart liberals would learn to mind their own damned business?

I love animals more than most people but PETA really makes me angry...this dog dies doing what he loved...these dogs are bred and built for this...they absolutely love it...he was part of a team and tragically dies...it is no different than a sportsman on a team who died during game play...these people love their dogs more than anything and treat them better than 99% of dog owners...PETA needs to go away for ever!!!!!!!!!!!!

this from peta that got busted more then once with a dumpster full of dead dogs.peta sucks and should not be a TAX FREE org.sled dogs live to run.    ever go outside and hook some up and watch the ones left behind go nuts, jumping and barking etc to go.   I have and like a good lab wants to fetch a duck sled dogs want to run.STF up petaGod Bless AmericaTrap

After reading all about those teenagers ...killers and rapist ...we are doing just as well at taking care of God's creatures as well as we are at bringing up our kidsPETA is nuts .... they would also like to ban steak and eggs, chicken, turkey, duck hunting, deer hunting, fish farms, and basically anything that does not fit with what they believe in ...

Dogs are so beautiful, look at that precious face.

next up....police dogs

What really depressed me is that the birth of PETA members was totally preventable.

these are the same people that chastized Obama for swatting a fly.

Sturm und Drang.  Violent action in pursuit, not of an ideal, but of the emotional reward of the action.

He was stiff...Maybe because it was 900 degrees below zero. Or - whatever.

peta should go to china a protest eating dogs.

Cruel? Have you seen the emotional connection between a musher and their dogs. They love them as much as anything else and to go to court over this is a waste of time.

PETA, for the record, I love to hunt and fish.I'm sorry over the death of this dog, however, PETA, let's see they put out poison baits for Hunters dogs, have been listed as a Terror Organization, they use physical abuse on people and their belongings, Tresspass. Wow a really nice group of people, (NOT). Each one from Peta needs to be jailed and the key thrown away.

So out of 36 dogs kept outside one dies, but there has been no necropsy, so we don't know what he died from. If it was the conditions, one would think all of them would have died. Calm down PETA and get the facts before you mouth off.

That's sooo sad..I hope they change HOW they shelter these.beautiful Athletes before the next run...........jmo

Band snow.

I agree that he died a horrible death and that the owners were trash who didn't look out for the dog (it even says they were rookies) But These dogs are bred for sled pulling so it is NOT cruelty. I am an animal advocate and I can say that Iditarod is just showcasing the breeds natural ability.

people in PETA are wanna bee fools &amp; idiots looking for their 5 minutes of fame.   What do they do with all the animals they "Save" every year.   Kil &amp; dispose of most of them.   Just a bunch of mentally challenged bird brains.   They make me sick with their whining and complaining just to satisfy their twisted mentalities.

For some reason every time I hear PETA wants something, my first instinct is to say "no".

But abortion is perfectly ok, with these people

Who do you have to sleep with to get a job as a "cruelty caseworker" for Peta?  How can anybody land that as a job?  This is the same stupid broad who objected to glue traps as inhumane for rats.  How can anyone that stupid land any paying job?

PETA. You might also consider looking into the plane crash that happened the same day. Three people were killed, including 13 year old girl.What's that? You could care less? So you're in this for the publicity and donations, nothing else? That figures......how many soldiers died the same day?

PETA hates everything and has been looking for any excuse to cause trouble. I wish there was some way to get rid of PETA. Most of these people love their pets. Do you know how many animals die in the hands of PETA every year? Look it up.

Yea, just so people know whom PETA really is ? They also wanted charges placed on a father whom killed a rat that was literally attacking his son inside their garage !  They are a hate group !  Radical, senseless attention seekers who care nothing for decency.

Dear PETALast year 89.4% of the animals placed in your care were put to death.Please shut up, your epic hypocrite is showing

I am a dog lover and the death of this animal is tragic.  That said, why don't we have the same compassion the unborn who are killed by the millions every year in America?

I belong to PETA - People for the Eating of Tasty Animals - Tell those fools to go hug a tree!  Of all the nonsensical activist groups - PETA has to be number one on the idiot scale.

In other news - About 21,000 CHILDREN died yesterday in the world because of various reasons.  But PETA is worried about 1 dog....

F PETA

PETA IMHO is a front for ALF.

PETA is a bunch of rich people that care more about animals than they care about people. PETA go get a moral fix will ya you pathetic rich slobsUh, it's classified as a dangerous event, right?

Tell Peta to mind their own business and then go to Hell. These dogs get better care, food and treatment than 90% of pet dogs!

This coming from a group that kills more dogs than Micheal Vick.

PETA won't win....it was an accident.

PETA can go tinkle on an electric fence.

Could have sworn these dogs love these races.  If they didn't like doing it, there wouldn't be a race.

So sad.  Dogs give their all for their people and deserve to be cared for well.  This race is about the people, not the dogs.  Working dogs need extra care, rest, etc, and this poor animal didn't get it.

I think all PETA members should have their gun rights revoked since they suffer from mental illness.

This dog must have been particularly ill and someone dropped the ball. They are particularly well suited for the weather. Often, their only shelter is a 55 gallon barrel, laid on its side with an end cut out. They naturally continually dig out and around during snow. This dog must have been very very weak.

Leaving a dog outside in the Alaska winter is just wrong, but the responsible party is the race officials.  I dont know if PETA has ever done anything good.  I remember when they went to Oklahoma to protest a rattlesnake roundup.  People laguhed their azzes off.  PETA never came back, and most of all the snakes that did not get eaten or skinned for their, hides, well, they are doing just fine.  And no, taking them out of the wild did not make them an endangered species...Leaving a dog outside in the Alaska winter is just wrong, but the responsible party is the race officials.  I dont know if PETA has ever done anything good.  I remember when they went to Oklahoma to protest a rattlesnake roundup.  People laguhed their azzes off.  PETA never came back, and most of all the snakes that did not get eaten or skinned for their, hides, well, they are doing just fine.  And no, taking them out of the wild did not make them an endangered species...

PETA is irrelevant. Nothing but nutbags.

All the injustices in the world and these wackjobs are upset about a dog unfortunately dying doing what it was born to do.

Tragic but PETA is out of line... as usual.

Anyone ever heard of snowmobiles? Why not race with those instead?

First time I agreed with PETA. Animal cruelty is unacceptable.

Folks been blaming Mother Nature for thousands of years,,,, PETA does not understand the meaning of "ACT OF GOD",,,   When you mix lawyers and nut jobs in a bowl,  out pops PETA!!!

There is NO excuse for letting an innocent animal die.  NONE.

Pound the table with your fist and yell/command:" Get over it!.  It happened!  Learn from it!  Just like Hillary did  and that should take care of PETA.

PETA might face charges for filling false charges...PETA, please go away. Your lies and absurd exagerrations have made you nothing more than joke material.

For the idiots who think that sled dogs are treated so well, you might want to do a research on the 100 sled dogs that were buried alive, shot and/or had their throats slit. This happened in 2010 in B.C. and very easy to look up. They were all killed when tourism went down. Same thing happens with race horses and greyhounds, another group of animals that are tortured and beaten to death if they don't preform good enough. How many times do idiots say "they like to run, they like to fight" - they run and/or fight to live, these animals know what will happen if the human doesn't like how they preform.

These dogs live for the traces...it's what they have been breed for. PETA just shows how out of touch with the reality of life and living they really are...a bunch of trustfund babies with time on their hands..

Guess must be the village id10t for some small place in the middle of nowhere?

I'm not a fan of Peta, but these check points should be better manned and checked more often. Hopefully this tragedy will be a lesson for future races.

I love animals and am not going to read the article:  but I want to observe that everyone in American wants to put someone in jail and/or jump on them over and over.   How about we try to heal and help, understand and care for, the people on earth as well.   Every animal and every person is a creation of God and we better take care of them.

135 dogs dropped from the race in holding?  135 dogs?  Really?  And some left behind a building thought to have blocked the wind?  Sick dogs not doing well not checked for five hours?  What the heck.  Apparently it's all about the race, not the dogs.  I understand the dogs love their job but what a tragedy for the poor animals.  The animals should come first.  Would you leave your sick kid behind a building in the cold to be forgotten about?  Wow I'm sick for the poor dogs.  Someone needs to be held accountable for this dogs death.  Sad sad sad.

I feel bad for the dog but PETA is a joke. I would like to see the PETA people go to the west side of Chicago and start breaking up dog fights and getting those people prosecuted. Dog fighting is much, much bigger and deadlier issue, but instead they focus on those that are not doing anything illegal and are easy targets....c'mon PETA give me a call, I'll drop you off in the middle of the west side myself and see how long you last dealing with REAL animal cruelty criminals.

P ainE nT he#$%$

Peta killed more dogs TODAY than this race has in DECADES.......Peta is a terrorist group and should be treated as such.if peta steps foot on alaskan soil have them arrested on the spot

PETA doesn't have a clue about what a pet is and how much they mean to their owners.  They are just against people owning animals for any reason, whether it is as pets, as food animals or anything else.

When will the complete autopsy be released?

someone didnt just drop the ball, this was completely IRRESPONSIBLE!  they should NEVER have left these dogs outside unattended.  The rest of the dogs were inside, why couldnt they find a place for these ones???  Just BAD behavior all around.  Yes, dogs are meant to run, I have a 14 year old german shepherd that I have to contain and stop from running because she will run until her back arthritic legs are dragging on the ground behind her if she allowed to.  But theres a difference between running a dog and working it to death.  Leaving a dog outside all night in blowing snow chained up is CRUEL AND INHUMANE!!  at the least, if you have no where else to put the dog, lock it in the bathroom if you have to, just DONT leave it chained up all night in the snow.

Pathetic,PETA

A lot of "us-american's" have more feelings for a dog as for their fellow american's !!!

The dogs aren't forced to run that's all they want to do, it is sad the dog died

I think if people would just learn to treat each other right, treating animals right would come as second nature.  Wasn't that long ago a mother microwaved her own child.  The world is a sick, cruel place.

Rest In Peace Dorado.

R.I.P.There should be a lawsuit filed against PETA for filing a frivolous lawsuit. Freaks, one and all.

we need to fight for animal civil rights.

Dorado was taken out of the race because he was sick.  Who's to say he didn't die from the illness instead of suffocating in the snow!  These dogs curl up outside in blizzards where they stay warm because the snow covers them and acts as a blanket.  They don't suffocate, either.

I lived in Alaska for 17 years.  I've directly and indirectly known dozens of mushers.  I can tell you whether you want to believe it or not, that many of them are cruel bassturds.  If you think that the dogs are all cared for properly, you live in a dream world.  Why do some people consider animal cruelty acceptable?

PETA use to come to the rodeo arena and stand out front telling the people that we used shocking devices to make the bulls and horses buck...lies...that ia all PETA is good for, telling lies. Sled dogs, like a good bucking bull or bronc, are taking better care of then our government takes care of Americans. PETA (Pure Everyday Tyrants and A-Holes)

PETA is an organization where ugly chicks can be seen and heard..

If PETA had their way all these dogs would have been let loose to run free in the wild...and then all would immediately freeze and starve to death within 24 hours.

PETA is nothing more than home grown terrorists.

There is no situation unfortunate and unique that someone or group won't find it world shaking, profound, and worthy of legislation.

Dogs run for fun.  Ranging from Foxhounds to Dalmatians, dogs see running as a game; it is also part of their instrict to outrun (and catch) their prey.Running dogs is not the problem in this case, it is Itarod's negligent (and consequently lethal) maintenance and care of the dogs placed at checkpoints.  PETA would have had a case if they pointed out the problem at Itarod, but, as usual, they go after the wrong people and undermine their arguments.  When a musher pays the entry fee for a race, they expect the checkpoint staff to be capable of caring for the dogs until the race is over.I personally see sled racing as car racing but much more skilled (and humane) than the motor sport.  The teamwork managment and coordination for a successful mushing team amazes me.  PETA, however, is a buch of rich people with a mob mentality.PETA is a pita.

PETA will bring charges against anyone for killing a cockroach or a fly.

And who gives a %#@!! what PETA thinks?

So it would have been better for the dog to lay around all the time and die a miserable death from obesity and lack of exercise, if you watch these dogs run, they can't wait, they love doing what they do, would you rather die laying around waiting for it, or doing what you love to do??

I swear;  I think some people would have let OLD YELLER bite them instead of putting him down.....  Working Dogs live for this stuff - If you haven't seen a bred working dog in its natural environment - your view is extremely limited.....   These aren't fluffy yappy lap dogs....  My aussie is never happier than when he can run around and nip kids (animal or human).  Working dogs are amazing, and I'm sure nobody wanted to lose a good dog.  There is a simple liability suit here - pay for a new dog if liable;  but PETA is just doing what they do - Grandstanding.....

Go down to your local pound and look at those pend up dogs. Sled dogs have a good life compared to them and have owners who care. I have five dogs all five dogs are rescues my wife and I picked up off the streets because people dumped them. We paid for all of their shots and had them fixed. Peta do something useful. Its unfortunate the dog died but worse things go on everyday to animals.

PETA, which actually means, Please Eat the Animals, is as usual, trying to gain publicity for itself.  For the most part, these are confused, self denying, self hating liberals who feel that any use of anything is a sin.  They are acutally just POS that are loud and obnoxious,

Dorado was just as entitled to life as humans are. We should create a Bill of RIghts for the animal kingdom.

what a bunch of #$%$ here

peta = TERRORISTPETA doesn't have clue about the NATURE of the animals they stick their noses in offering threats of lawsuits.  Ask your PETA members how many unborn babies they've flushed down the toilet or allowed to be thrown in dumpsters because they lacked VIABLE tissue life after being shredded by knives.  I already know their responses...*crickets*.  They need to shut up until they share the same value for their own species as they do every other life form on this planet. Self-loathing busy bodies.

People who say dogs are "forced" to run are way off base.  Every sled dog I've ever encountered loves to run.  If you turned them loose on their own they would run. The worse thing you can do to a sled dog is confine it.  I agree with the post that said that this type of dog will bury itself to get warm. There was something else wrong with this dog that caused it's death.

These dogs don't want to do this they are forced to do it. What choice do they have.   No way would I leave a dog to die.

These dogs love to run, it's their nature. It's also very common for them to sleep outdoors even during the dead of winter. They had attendants checking on them in an area where they thought they'd be safe. Seems to me proper efforts were made to care for these dogs and PETA is just trying desparately to keep their name in the news. It was a fluke incident, however sad.

Good for PETA.The people that have these dogs don't care about them or treat them well.ITS DISGUSTING FOR THEM TO SAY THE DOGS ENJOY IT.YOU SCOUNDRELS.

Buried by drifting snow.  Why can't they at least provide some sort of shelter?

It is unfortunate that Dorado lost his life. I'm sure the owner feels bad. Seems like the owner was under the impression that the dog was taken care of.

Several sites out there that say PETA killed off a lot of dogs. One said their kill rate was 80% of the animals they took in during 2009 in VA. So now they are complaining?

Sad story. Those dogs love to race. To bad he couldn't finish.

they should make the peta goofballs pull the sleds... now that would be worth watching.  and if one of them died no big loss.PETA peeps are bunch of wackos, that take things to extreme!  If they cared as much about humans as they did animals our world would be in one step in the right direction

PETA needs to go to Korea and sample a nice juicy filet of canine. That'd change their tune.

142 dogs have died on the Iditarod since 1973?  Sounds like the Iditarod has a long ways to go to catch up with PETA's body count.

I'm not sure which outfit is the most worthless, PETA or the ACLU

You have to basically sign your dog over to the race officials and it states, they will care for the dog and transport the dogs back to their homes.They are totally responsible for this dogs death, yes they are, hold them to blame.You cannot just leave your dog, all the forms, vet certs have to be filled out, then you can leave your dog to be cared for.Someone just did not want to go out in the cold to check on the dogs, this is neglect, sue them, and make them pay,.Change the rules of drop off, each dog is handed over to several people, they are held responsible, this needs to be chenged now.Poor baby, RIP, and god bless you and keep you.It died under a ton of snow, that is horrible.  anyway to die is bad, but he lay there, could not breathe and choked to death.

The only reason these dogs get up in the morning is to run, to not let them race is in humane.

Rest in peace Dorado

Peta kills more dogs every year than all the shelters in the country! So they have no leg to stand on!!

What a beautiful dog....

Man, I hate peta.Save the dogs....tether PETA idiots to sleds and have them pull till they grow brain cells and common sense.  These are the best cared for dogs around.

There is not much one can say, a good hardworking dog was lost, a bunch of idiots were spared.

Another AP article that gets the facts wrong for the sake of a headline.

PETA is a bunch of complete Wackos that should focus on serious problems.

the dogs are born to work.  they thrive on the hard pull.  peta, go put a few thousand more dogs and cats to death.

F"k dog races.  I want to see humans do it on foot...no dogs allowed.

The MSPCA in Boston MA reportedly exterminates some 50% of all the 'rescue' dogs that enter their facility. That is a fact. The MSPCA is NOT a no-kill shelter, and refuses to become one. PETA also refuses to become a no-kill operation. One report states that a dog that PETA rescued because it was kept outside was exterminated by PETA in the vehicle instead of taking it to a shelter. Folks, you can google search the gruesome facts about PETA's atrocities toward dogs. That being said, the helpers failed Dorado.

Every year PETA finds something to #$%$ about during this race trying to get it stopped It is sad that the dog died what would have been cruelty was to make the dog run till it died These dogs even wear boots to keep their feet from being cut by the ice PETA go find the real cruel stuff like the fighting and the lowlife breeders shut them down

I find little "ethical" about PETA. They come across as a bunch of self-serving abitrary jerks. What next, ban fishing???

GOOGLE THIS I DARE YOU!!!Ingrid Newkirk, founder of PETA has it in her will that she wants to be cooked and eaten in public upon her death to discourage the eating of meat.  Don't believe me?GOOGLE THIS I DARE YOU!!!Does PETA go nuts EVERY time a Horse or Dog dies at the Tracks...?if they don't......they should...

Dear PETA, lets talk about the 29,398 animals you have killed since 1998......

Someone should leave the PETA people out in the snow.

The Goon platoon lives.

Yes, it is an unfortunate accident that this beautiful animal died.  Somebody dropped the ball for sure. But to condem the entire Iditirod race because of it is ridiculous. But then again the vast majority of PETA members are ridiculous. They are a bunch of morons most of whom have been educated far beyond their intelligence level. The are never logical and realistic in their views. They think all animals should be carried around on a silk pillow and are superior to humans in the scheme of things. These dogs are born and bred to run these races and are never happier than when they are doing so. They love what they do and are extremely good at it.

PeopleEatTastyAnimals

I've never understood how society seems to care more about animals than they do humans.

PETA the same group caught killing animals they pledged to protect?

Sure the dogs die, but they love doing it.

PETA? Aren't they the ones who swore up and down that they were finding new and loviimg homes for cats and kittens and were caught euthanizing them? They were the ones who said we shouldn't hunt deer that were starving either because starvation was "Painless." Meanwhile the deer that were slowly starving "naturally" were srtipping everything they could and destroying acre up on acre of wildrness/parkland  and subsequentially ruining it for all the rest of the animals sharing the habitat?Don;t get me wrong PETA has had it's moments BUT things go wrong and it happens. Loosing any dog,is crippling. Any rancher that routinely uses herd dogs will tell you how "crippling" that loss can be. These dogs were bred for the Iditarod and the conditions of the Arctic there isn't a one of them that quaifies as a King Cavllier Spaniel or a Shitzu.and they have the price tags and get the care to prove it.This is again a time for PETA to mouth down,shut up and cheer the winners all 24 legs (6dogs per sled?) of them. To deprive these dogs of their great ability is like deliberately blinding an artist;.something you just don't do.peta...get a life and live an adventure!..you old crow misfits!

PETA, and the rest of you "tree huggers," try doing something useful, like maybe making people safer in the streets of south central L.A. after dark. Quit going after all the easy stuff.

Like HSUS, PETA euthanizes 98% of the animals they put into shelters. They're complete hypocrites.

Death of a dog should be immediate forfeit. That would change the game up and remove any incentive to overwork the dogs.

"conditioned through diet and training to perform at the highest levels..." people who fight dogs say the same thing.

What pray tell is a PETA "official"? Last week it was over a shark dying, I'm surprised they have time for this, I was sure they were on a bus headed to where the States are killing Feral pigs. The man works with his dogs daily, and I'm sure he is sad the dog died, but like me would have ate him if in that wilderness if the need arose.

Let me get this straight.   PeTA claims 142 dogs have died at the race since 1973.  Dogs that died doing what they love to do, run in the snow.   In the meantime, PeTA has killed 1000s of dogs in the same time period, dogs that didn't WANT to be gased.   And these clowns want charges for this ONE?

Peta is the Jessy Jackson  Al Sharpton and Jimmy Swaggart's  of the animal world.Just over funded useless turd's.

Replace the dogs with PETA people.

These are the same people that would want to arrest Lewis and Clark for shooting game.Do PETA people eat meat? Do  they eat any animal products at all? I can hear the spinach screaming when they throw it in the pot, the moans of dying potatoes as they are peeled, I can`t even imagine the pain of the green beans when they break them.

Gee,142 dogs died in FORTY YEARS! How many non-working pets were run over by cars in that time? Maybe PETA should try to make driving where dogs are illegal.

PETA's adoption rate in 2011 was 2.5 percent for dogs and 0.4 for cats.  The rest were killed.  They need to clean their own house first...

Say what you will about PETA, this is one time I think they are saying what most dog lovers are thinking - No dog should have been left outside.  Three dozen of these precious dogs left outside?  No - No way.  Wrong.

Why doesn't PETA stop the deer from running out in the highway and hitting cars. More deer kill themselves that way than are killed by hunters...

Made to run? Have you met one of those things. Can't stop it from running, you can only guide it into a better out let for it's desire to run. Other wise it's gonna do some running and some killing while it's at it. That's like telling a Thoroughbred to never run. DNA doesn't allow them not to.

Dogs are nothing more than domesticated wolves. And the Alaskan sled dog is as close to that wild ancestor as you can find in the dog kingdom. To think that a sled dog that lives outdoors summer and winter, rain, snow or blizzard would need to be protected from wind and snow is ridiculous any more than a wild wolf would need to be in the wild. There was some other health issue here because of the 135 dogs in the lot only Dorado died. Does that tell you anything?

Hey, I have an idea. Since PETA thinks the iditarod is cruel, why don't we get some PETA members and make them pull the sled!

Animals are not "things" to be used and abused by people.  We are called to be stewards of all of God's creation.

The people in charge of caring for these animals should be held responsible. They should at least go to jail and pay stiff restitution.ps ......and I will bet green money the dog did not suffocate ,sled dogs have getting covered with snow for a hundered years it keeps them warm and out of the wind.......just go away...

Those dogs are bred for that life style. City dogs, country dogs and wilderness dogs are very different. PETA needs to stay in the city and pamper the little lap dogs with nothing to do but eat and #$%$. People spend more on their mutts than they do on their kids. I love dogs but they should be treated like what they are. Domestic animals, not little hairy people.

I love animals, but PETA is full of neurotic individuals who anthropomorphize(SP?) the animals. Look how we humans treat other humans. I don't see them crying foul at every drive by that kills a 5 year old, or losing sleep over the hundreds of thousands going to sleep hungry or decrying the treatment of dogs and cats as substitute children.

Geeezus christ, those dogs are breed to live in those temps, and they love to bury themselves in snow. My Siberian Huskey had a nice warm dog house but even if the wind chill was -60 he preferred to bury himself in the snow.

PETA = Poorly Educated Thoughtless As-holes

If PETA had it's way, we couldn't have any fun with animals.

It has probably happened lots of times...this is just the year when they were caught.  I am not sure if i am for this anymore.

no guns, no guns,,,,what will make u happy????

How many men &amp; women work themselves to death (over the course of years) to support their families?  Does PETA not care about their suffering?

peta was in alaska...but not there to check on the dogs until after the dog died..good job peta....sitting on #$%$zzzzzzzzzz and not checking on the dogs...no more donations for youToo bad PETA doesn't care as much about people as they do animals.

PETA people need to get a life. We live in a country that treat pets like chilren and children like pets. We spend more on pet food than we do educating children. Shame on us.

Poor doggie, RIP. Stupid people.

You will never see a happier bunch of dogs than those on a sled team. Each dog knows their role in the team and lavishes in it. I've been there and I've seen it. These dogs love their handlers and are a part of a very unique family dedicated to each other and the sport they love. Yes, I said love! The death of this dog is tragic and breaks any animal lovers heart but PETA needs to keep things in perspective, this is a VERY dangerous event for both mushers and their teams and sometimes the thing we want most not to happen, happens.

PETA gasses more dogs in one week than the Iditarod loses in a year. Hypocritical idiots just looking for headlines.

RIP little fella

SHUT UP.

It can't possibly be easier on the dogs running the course.

Unfortunate that the dog died. However, it is my understanding that the weather did not allow the dogs to be airlifted out immediately. If you have ever been in Alaska an been in some of these storms, in that area, you will find that storms can be relatively mild one minute and severe the next. Also, there are some dogs that will not stay in a shelter no matter how severe the weather. For anyone who wasn't there, any comments regarding care are nothing but second guessing.

The race did not kill the dog - the care takers at the checkpoint were responsible for all dogs left there.  Providing the care takers with the necessary facilities, equipment, staff, and training was the responsibility of the race organizers.These dogs probably love what they do then most humans who really love their jobs. My SH just wants to go and go. He got away from me one time when his collar broke and I thought I would never see him again. They are bred for the conditions. They are bred for the constant running and they are bred for the extreme cold.

Sad. I would never make my cats carry my #$%$ Anywhere

Hi @Carol. I'm guessing the happy dogs you saw we're not being slowly tortured to death when you saw them happily bounding around like puppies?

Horrible way to die and very cruel, at least in Thailand they give it a respectful kill before they eat them.

Meanwhile, in Philadelphia, an abortion doctor is on trial for murdering at least 7 infants after they were born, ordering staff to "snip" their spines.... Anyone interested in that situation?

PETA is a f****** joke.

Poor dog, his family and friends must be suffering over this.

Such a gorgeous dog, it's a shame what happened...I hate reading about an animal suffering.

PETA values animal rights more than human rights.

a sad day for the ownerPETA have you seen the new T.V show Alaska man,,,, or one of them, I can not remember the mans name but more then 10 years ago he was in deep #$%$ over his dogs and he still has not taken care of them.... the dogs look like #$%$,,, so PETA or anyone in alaska look at the show alaska man or alaska living you will see the dogs. the dog do not have the right housesno food and water no hay,,,,,I think he has people come stay with him...you need to go after him....

So sad .I have a sled dog shes a big baby she sleeps in the house.The guy I bought her from keeps the dogs on a chain about 2 ft. maybe 3 ft. long . They stand in there own waste .I have seen it .So So sad.

call Obama

PETA kills more animals every year than any other "humane" agency.

I refuse to read the details. Way too heartbreaking. All I know is that these dogs work SO hard. They're basically canine Olympiads. Take note humanity! If you want to eat whatever you want, WHENEVER you want... run the Iditarod at least so you've earned it. Oh, and you burn it like it was nothing, calorie-shmalorie...

Dying of asphyxiation  is not unlike falling asleep and not waking up.Not nearly as horrifying as being say torn apart by a bear.'course we could always replace the dogs with PETA members.But I doubt any could finish the race!

I don't leave any of my dogs out overnight.  Period.  If it's &lt; 60 degrees (F) outside they go out only to potty.  Bastages who left these dogs outside, in Alaska, in the blowing wind.  Stupid, Stupid 'sport'.

peta=punchline

"'It's a horrifying death, and we feel it was totally preventable,' PETA cruelty caseworker Kristin Simon said Tuesday."It would easily have been prevented if they'd made Ms. Simon pull the sled instead.

Hey PETA, concentrate your efforts on abused children.Just for that, I'm going to have steak tonight.

PETA proves how insane humans can be and disgusting . I have a hatred for this  organization I never know whether to vomit are to laugh when I read about it

Maybe we should ban everything that might injure or hurt people or animals, no cars or boats or dams or planes or trains or electricity, or gas, or guns and bullets, or bicycles, or busses, or tractors, or refrigerators, or stoves, or frying pans, or tobacco, or forks and knives oh and spoons, and the list goes on and on Rr we can expect things will happen and move on because the more we try to fix everything the more they get screwed up.Enjoy your veggies I’ll take a steak.

I subscribe to PETA, people eating tasty animals or there's a place for all animals, right next to the potatoes and carrots.

And yet many of the same people support abortion.  Very strange times indeed.

These PETA people have way too much time on their hands. May I suggest they put it to a relatively more productive use, like, say, compiling a Klingon-Romulan dictionary.

It was an accident.  I am a dog lover but I believe that the dog died doing what he loved to do.  He did not die being chained up in someone's back yard...neglected.  Good dog!  See ya at Rainbow Bridge!

Peta is a bunch of whackos.

If you wouldn't stay there then you shouldn't leave a dog there either. If it's too cold for you it's too cold for them. Stupid people.

I don't like PETA, but dog sled racing can be very cruel.I hate people.

These peta morons need to get a life.

if i drop a turd in my fish bowl do you think they will come after me if the fish die?

Too bad about the dog but PETA needs to butt out. Check and see how many dogs they have killed the last 40 years.

If anyone is going to put these dogs through ALL the #$%$, these races produce, they these SAME people HAVE to Protect their dogs.   In other words, either take better care for these dogs, or get FINED.

This coming from people who put more animals to death than anyone

Interesting article in light of the story about the abortionist doctor who killed all those babies. Hm... Dogs vs. Babies. Unfortunately, PETA would probably undoubtedly choose dogs. THIS is one of many things wrong with our society! NO respect for human life!

I bet THE PEOPLE FOR ETHICAL TREATMENT OF ANIMALS are pro-choice.  I bet they have no problem with millions of babies being slaughtered, but man you better not hurt an animal.

Too bad for the dog, but I'd rather see those activists buried under the snow. Geez, those useless wastes of space and resources have too much time on their hands.

PETA are not only just idiots...Anthropomorphism is a mental illness.PETA are not only just idiots...Anthropomorphism is a mental illness.

I would bet that in the long run these "Mushers" show more love for their dogs and provide better care for their dogs than most of the PETA folks do for their own children, but then we'll never know of the PETA even love their children.  The goal for these people seems to be to stir up trouble where ever they can, even when it's none of their business.

i think this entire sport is cruelty to dogs.

Press charges against who - mother nature????????he was obviously left behind to be cared for because he was having problems during the race - so they left him behind to be cared for but a freakin' blizzard came up while he was too tired or sleepingnews flash peta this #$%$ happens alot - and not just to dogs ah

PETA, another terrorist origination.

I've never seen the entertainment value, or even wisdom, in a sport or pasttime in which animals are driven hard, and then spit out when no longer useful.

PETA needs to go away forever. What a bunch of useless chitbags.

Durado was a dog, a good dog.  PETA is a cancer, a bad cancer.  At least people loved Durado, PETA...not so much.

I don't know much about Peta, but it seems as if the mushers cared for their dog, and as they said, they had to rely upon the race organizaton for the care of the vulnerable ones.  It seems as if the organizers might have checked the dogs more thoroughly to see which ones could be left outside, but if it was that cold, put them all inside, make space, and take the flack from those who will criticize the crowding.  Clearly the outside space needed to be better, if it was the overflow back up, and surely they know how the weather can get nasty, and plan for it?.  It is not fair on the animals, who do their best to please, and who have had a lot invested in them, it seems.

Several years ago where I worked PETA said that the only way to safely keep starlings from entering the air ducts of an office building and nesting was to install nylon netting over the openings.  This was done, then one day a baby starling got caught in the netting, the office workers in the building were outraged that the landlord was "killing off the baby birds".  Next thing you know the IDIOTS from PETA show up with a news crew and show the dead bird on the evening news.  Oh yes, this was the same year that everyone was scared to death of catching Avian Flu . . . . . go figure!  Can't have it both ways, keep the birds out, or have office workers afraid to come to work because birds are nesting in the vent ducts of their offices.PETA, lol. This is the group that was caught throwing the animals it killed in a dumpster.  They have zero credibility.

Not even close to the same, but I ran the Baltimore marathon a few years ago and the organizers ran out of water at the finish line.  No kidding, I had literally run for four and a half hours and paid so that I could do it!Anyway - my point is, it is certainly plausible that this is on the race organizers and not the owners.

those dogs love to race.

Why don't these clowns from PETA go find something to do.  Where in the hell does it say they are to set the standard for the world.  Just a bunch of sick people.  Get the hell  our of other peoples lives.

PETA please go somewhere and disappear.  You are about as useful as the ACLU.. Neither of you have any common sense.

Very sad exploitation of man's best friend. They do not have a choice. People say they love it, but the dogs do it out of loyalty and the need for food. They might enjoy the first few miles, but 1000? Who is that stupid to believe that- it is all human greed and competition. A professional human athlete is well fed and paid and never abandoned to smother in a snow drift. You can't even compare the two, so don't try.

PETA is just pulling on the suckers heart strings to loosen up their purse strings when they ask for donations. This is a shameless organization.

PETA is scourge on animals, not a savior.

They seem to be forgetting that these dogs were meant to run in the snow for days on end.  Why couldn't they leave the dogs in some run instead of tied up, so they were still free to unbury themselves as the situation required?

Too late Obama ate the evidence.PETA = Probably Eat Tortured Aardvarks

how about charges against peta for all the animals they euthanize every year?

If the PETA people would put as much effort into doing something productive to solve problems like (human) hunger, etc, maybe something would get done. They are very, very bizarre people. At one time, I had a local PETA chapter as a client in my graphic design business. I did the typesetting and design for their newsletter. The relationship came to an end when there was a story about midwest farmers being boycotted because they were shooting wolves who were killing and eating their livestock. At that point, I asked why it was okay for the wolves to eat the cows, but not okay for me to do the same...

Damn I thought PETA wasnt around anymore....so.much for wishful thinking

Typical PETA  set back wait for somethinf bad to happen then yell scream and act the fool why not get in there and help in these events and ensure the amimals are taken care of ????

PETA has also taken over the Humane Society of the US. Do not give money to them.

I have owned one of these dogs and their passion is to work and pull, if they no longer can they don't enjoy life.

Now if we put them all in a boat and sunk the boat how badly would the waters be polluted. Where were all these bleeding hearts when great men were building America. Safely home!!!!!

PETA people are just nuts anyway.  They are plain and simply nuts.

I love how PETA feels llike they need to jump in to try to protect these animals from doing what they love to do...RUN!!! It's in their nature to run. Rain, snow, windy, sun it doesn't matter...these dogs just love to run. My dog will run in circles in my backyard for 30 minutes straight before noticing I'm not out there with him just to come to the door and bark. There's nothing wrong with the race. Sometimes s*** happens. Sucks, but there's not much you can do about it.I just hope a lesson is learned from this

She does need to be held accountable....glory seeker let her dog die ...no different thanAltlanta's Quarterback !

I normally don't agree with PETA, actually I can't stand them, but this time they are finally doing something right. This dog should have had access to some kind of shelter.

That;s how those dogs earn their living.  Dangerous?  Yes, much like dangerous jobs humans have.

Peta just taking advantage to get some press. I own huskies and financially support two of my local husky rescues. The real tragedy is how many of these dogs are dumped and put down at animal shelters by people who bought them at mall pet stores because they were cute and then realized the amount of work they require. Peta does nothing to bring attention to this problem and I have never seen a volunteer or any financial help from peta at any of the shelters that rescue these dogs from shelters and finds them homes, many times just hours before they would have been put down. Not any press in doing this but the Iditarod gives them a vehicle to get some attention so they capitalize. There is a movie coming out called Ice Bound about the Nome serum run that will show what these dogs are capable of. Go see it.

PETA press releases are not news. They are fundraising letters. I've seen these dogs in action and they clealry love what they do, and their owners treat them as equal partners. Part of the problem here is that PETA is trying to impose its east coast, white bread cause on another culture thousands of miles away. It's a big country, let's respect cultural differences.

I have been watching the Iditarod for many years.  Those sled dogs are bred to do exactly what they do - run.  The restrictions on the health of the dogs that are permitted to run are very strong.  This was an unfortunate loss, yes - sounds like someone dropped the ball in the care of this dog but the race committee will investigate it thoroughly.  PETA needs to be keeping a closer eye on whats happening with dog fights and other animals being treated cruely.

We should not use dogs but harness up the PETA people to the sleds.

I have no use for PETA. They only show up when they think they can get publicity  or pull  some dumb #$%$ stunt. If they cared about animals they get there #$%$es into a shelter and help take care of these animals.

Peta kills more animals than all the deaths of animals all over the country and they even vidio tape them and then say it is the owners own doingDid you know the cops used dogs as shields? See that pokice dog used as front line against criminal.

These dogs are creatures of the ice and snow.  They live to race and race to live, in an environment that is harsh and dangerous.  I am very sorry that this poor creature lost its life, but it lost its life doing what it loved to do, in the land that made these dogs what they are.  To my way of thinking, it would be far crueler to keep these dogs safe and sound and extremely board in some apartment building in a big city.  Keep mushing!

Ask a PETA member how they feel about aborting unborn human babies. Then ask them how they would feel about someone aborting an unborn kitten or puppy. Their answer will tell you all you need to know about members of PETA.

otherwise healthy except being DEAD!

Considering the nature of teh race, anyone would expect the sponsers of the race to provide exellent care for dogs who become injured,ill or too exhasted to continue the race.  Adequate food, shelter, medical care and emergency transport should be expected with confedense for dogs and mushers alike.  If you don't have any more respect for the raceing "team menbers" than that, you don't need a race.

I had a Husky as pet growning up in northern Idaho.. No matter how cold, and I remember 30 below, my dog would never sleep in the shed where we had his bed.. Every morning when the kitchen light came on we would watch as he would shake the fresh snow off himself. They just don't like being inside..

Even if there was no PETA, there is no excuse or reason for this dog to have died!  I don't belong to PETA so I'm not going to criticize this organization.  It obvious that someone dropped the ball or this dog would still be alive.  The article said this dog was only five years old.  Would you leave your child outside in the snow and cold weather -- NO you would NOT.  Quit making excuses. . .  I have read many other articles on the Iditarod over the years, and I do not agree with their treatment of animals just because they want to win an Olympic award -- my dog would come first. . .no matter what!

Just a question, if max was thirsty and your dog was just a little bit thirsty who would you give a drink to?/ take your time. Another way to look at  it woulb be If a dog was in a shelter and max was in a homeless shelter Who would you take home.  So you see max you arn't even as good as a dog.  or at least I don't think so.

It's absolutely cruel to make these dogs drag a sled through the hot desert of Alaska.

NOW I GET IT!  This is why those scientists want to bring back the Sabre toothed tiger, to EAT the PETA fux.25,000 children starved to death on this planet today.  Another 25,000 will starve tomorrow.  I think PETA has their priorities wrong.  I don't think we need to worry about the animals until we've done everything for every child.  What kind of a monster sends money to an organization to save an animal when children are starving?  These ghouls want to sue over some effing dog when children are starving?  Don't spend the money on the lawyers!  Send it to some starving kids!

Doesn't PETA want animals to have basic rights such as voting? I read  an article saying they wanted a Bill of Rights dedicated to animals. Yeah, they're that dumb. Did the poodles vote for Obama?

My friend (my dog) is going to clock out any time now. I will miss him.  What do you have to say about that PETA?

PETA is the most ridiculous group of #$%$ on the earth.. They are trying to save snails and earth worms too...Its unfortunate the dog died and I hope the make changes but leave the PETA out of it. They take away all credibility from the story by using them...

PETA.  What a bunch of knuckleheads.  They know nothing about these animals and would take from them the thing they love.  They love pulling and racing.  It is what they were bred to do.

PETA's just jealous because they couldn't kill the dog themselves. Bunch of hypocrites!!!

it's not the owners fault..that would be like saying you are responsible for the vet or school or kennel etc...it is the people in charge of the drop site?...yes?   did the owner kust leave the dog or do the required work involved?

I don't Like PETA....... I don't like their tactics or politics.I would tell you that 90% of you would not last a week living in Alaska.  You are too soft and fuzzy to face a hard life in that country.  They kill things in Alaska and eat what they kill.I hear liberals taste delicious.

I used to think it was cruel to run the dogs that hard until someone showed me a few things. THese dogs a born &amp; bred to work. They love it &amp; their owners love them. This was an unfortunate accident, but isolated. Many of these dogs have run the course year after year.

The PETA people don't understand that these sled dogs love to run. They are not forced to run. Huskies love to run, it's in their blood.I think Peta needs a good history lesson of who,what, and where this race came from!!Peta would be outside the temple condemning the elders from making sacrifice for the Passover!! They need to use common sense.

My hunting dog lost a toenail this year....PETA is suing me for cruel and unusual punishment.  I HUNTED with my HUNTING DOG, who LOVES TO HUNT. BAD me!PETA....people eating tasty animals.  Oh, and by the way, my dog helped me bag 2 pheasants and 8 quail...which we ate, and they WERE tasty.

PETA are nothing but hypocrites! They euthanize 96% of the animals they take in for adoption. They are a complete joke, don't ever give them a penny!

One step up from c/o\ck fights.

These dogs are bred to run, and love the run. They are at home in the cold. What happened was unfortunate, and yes, maybe someone dropped the ball somewhere. But the dog died doing what it loved.

Cancel this atrocity now!!! Put the town mayor in a snow bank overnight and see how he likes it! No excuse for this to happen! People should be held accountable!

PETA needs to learn to mind their own business.

Leave those care givers outside overnight in similar conditions all tied up and let them die; no telling if you'll be prosecuted successfully.... since your being shielded by the building. People are smarter and have cloths on. Should be a snap.

activist.....there is one of those in the White House that accomplishes nothing but is good at telling everyone how he did it

And yet we praise exploits of Raoul Amudeson who killed dozens of dogs in his quest to be the first at the South Pole.harness the "activists" and run them to death !

If any PETA members have ever seen dogs pull a sled, they would know nobody forces them to run. The musher's have to stop their dogs or they would run till their hearts exploded.Isn't it true that PETA kills more animals every year than any other organization?

This story is for the dogs.....

PETA's involvement ruined this story.

Can we just euthanize PETA and put them out of our misery?

Like bullfighting, dog sled racing is stupid

Liberals get more upset over the death of a 4 legged beast then they do over the death of an unborn child.

Unborn babies are killed...people cheer.  Dogs die, someone goes to prison. Only in America??

If all activist got their way, the world would come to a stand still.

So do we put dogs who are trained to work in a bubble...nope dogs are athletes, workers, they love their jobs just like humans. Should better care be afforded to the Iditarod athletes, yes for sure...Just because you don't agree with something doesn't make it wrong. i don't agree or like football, but thats a choice arhletes make. These dogs are trained for this race. So if you don't like it, don't watch it. Go after puppy mills and people that use animals for fighting to the death....Or go live in a padded room...What if the dogs were the mushers and left the humans out behind the barn??

Sad for Dorado who probably required more attentive care due to his health ailment, but this is not a case of animal cruelty! These animals are well cared for and truly loved and respected by their owners. Just because some people don't treat their animals like they are a type of human substitute does not mean they don't love their animals!

I wish there was a time machine and one big enough to take all the peta people with me, back in time before dogs were domesticated and let them see the nature of a dog really is.And once again, I am quite sure the media screwed this story up to catch peoples attention.

First screw PETA if anyone should be checking it out it should be the Humane Society

FU PETA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

omg, you have to be kidding.  This f'in zoo of liberal have to be stopped before it is illegal to breathe.. Unbelievable.

more goofy people.  PETA should take a hike.  who are they to stick their big noses into a race that has been going on for years, long before PETA was even thought of.  get lost loser's...................

HORRIBLE!!!  I'm with PETA on this!!

Cruel? Having to put up with PETA's rants is cruel. Arrest them.

The dog was buried in an avalanche for crying out loud....blame snow.Hmm, I wonder if this will be thrown out of court?

I love to run into peta idiots. I had to slap one with a fly rod a couple of years ago. He took off like a scalded cat.  Rather enjoyed that!!!

Im a right wing nut..but in this case, Even Peta may have a point...Its time for this kind of insanity towards animals to throttle down, if not off...

Those that were caring for the dogs and left some of them who were ill outside in the snow are guilty of animal abuse and need to be prosecuted. Period. The whole Iditarod race is sponsored cruelty to animals, but to just leave sick and injured animals outside to die is beyond monstrous. Dogs are living creatures too, and not just objects to be used to make money. I think Iditarod people should try pulling race sleds themselves, in bare feet, for the thousand miles, and see what they force dogs to do.

Maybe Peta should spend some of it's own time and money to help look after the Iditarod dogs.

Wow, one poor dog got sick and died during the race, and now PETA is up in arms? This sounds a lot like the anti-gunners when they whine, take every bad thing that happens, and use it to their own political advantage. These dogs actually love the cold, the work, and the chance to run, have you ever watched them just before setting out in front of a sled, they are excited and can't wait. Most of the folks that breed these dogs love each and every one of them, and hate it when they get sick or injured. PETA is always over the top, and here's a really good example. I wonder how long it will be before they whine about hunting feral pigs?RANT FINISHED

These people need a life..

"peta" as well as well as the "humane society of the united states" (not to be confused with the real humane society) are both money grabbers that pray on peoples emotions to collect monies to fund themselves. If you don't believe it, check their balance sheets. Both do little to protect or help animals.

My favorite bit of PITA idiocy was a representative protesting horse racing.She said "Horses don't like to run."Perhaps she should try to tell my horse that. He is an Arabian who has no clue.

peta is agroup of people that are a pain in you know where that need to get a lifea stop being a bunch of stupid jerks. The next thing you will find is that these fools will try and get drivers charged for hitting a deer on the road.peta is agroup of people that are a pain in you know where that need to get a lifea stop being a bunch of stupid jerks. The next thing you will find is that these fools will try and get drivers charged for hitting a deer on the road.

Where PETA go, stupidty leads and follows

Save a life? Save the dog and put the PETA member down quietly.

People Eat the Animals.

peta is a two-faced group of spoiled brats

I did not know that animals are equal tu humans now. I mean it is wrong to kill animals for fun but PETA just went to far in its believes. I just killed a bug in my room may be PETA should file murder charges against me too.  PETA is extremist liberal organization. Suddenly animals and humans are equal.

The dog died peacefully in it's sleep.  How is that cruel and horrifying?  Sorry, things lie this happen and will continue to happen, live with it.  It is not like someone whipped it to death.  Sled dogs love what they do, they truly live for it.PETA is the horrifying brain death of mindless idiots and could be prevented too.  PETA can go to Hades, just a bunch of bozos trying to impose their idiotic ideas on others. My version of PETA is betterPeopleEatingTastyAnimalsMaybe we can do something useful with PETA members, grind them into animal feed as they are a waste off carbon otherwise.

It an animal not a person. Peta go Peta your self out of exhistance. You are nothing but a worthless bunch of loosers.  you care more about a dog than a starving child.

PETA: P-eople E-at T-ender A-nimals.

It's NOT Rocket Science folks, Either the race organizers do a full-proof job of protecting the dogs, or get Adequately Fined.  After they have lost enough money, they won't be screwing up .PETA needs to shut the f*** up.

peta needs to get their heads out of their a   s   s    es      .i am from alaska and i know many dog sledders. belve me when i say those dogs are treated like anew sports car   they are fed hot food. and have better medical than i will ever have. the weather here can change in seconds . the winds can turn and drifts ca form in seconds.i am sure the owners on that pup are taking it hard. they had alot of money time and effort into those dogsp et a needs to quit sitting around playing with their bongos and get a clue to the real world

Now if they used this same headline describing abortions I might be outraged right along with them, this dog died unitentionally and its forced in your face like someone put a pillow over its head. They say that there forced to run in these races is a lie, tell that to my dog when its hunting time she drives me crazy to get in the field and do what she was breed for.

That's it. Squeeze out every last remaining drop of risk and adventure from living and turn us all into obedient slaves to a political state.

PETA needs to eat some tasty animals. They do not know what they are missing. PETA (People Eating Tasty Animals). We love a great, big steak. Try it; you will love it.

I love how So~Nice has almost the same, scripted response to everyone who is againist PETA. And what is amusing about it, is he/she can't even spell Einstein correctly!

Wish those PETA jackasses had been buried in snow instead of the dog.

The people in PETA are dumb #$%$

Why does anyone take the flakes at PETA seriously? I'm all for the proper treatment of animals, but these people are fanatics who like most fanatics take their cause way too far. Here in N.Y. they demanded that the people of Fishkill in the Hudson Valley change the name of the town to Fishsave and not a one of them knew that kill is the Dutch word for creek. They also tried to bribe the city of Hamburg NY to change the name to Veggieburg. You can't make this s**t up.

R.I.P Darodo you will be missed by your owners.  I hope your story will prevent other dogs like you from dyingHey PETA! As an animal lover mysalf I say screw off!

The full autopsy has not yet been completed/released. we should at least wait for that. That being said, obviously, Dorado did not get the care he needed and deserved.In my opinion PETA is outrageous, and kills many dogs they 'rescue.'

PETA was so quiet for so long...too bad...

So many causes; so few Kleenex.

PETA, you people just need to get a life! all living things are due respect, but you so take it to the extreme that your credibility is lost! and I am quite sure like any other organization, you are NOT as pure as the wind driven snow, as you expect us to believe..

Those dogs are better cared for than dogs in my neighborhood that get left in the backyard all year even at -11.

It's the dog owners responsibility to care for their own dogs, not the race organization. Can't blame anyone but yourself Strathe. Many kennel owners see dogs as dollar signs under the guise of "improving the breed", or "caring for unwanted dogs". The people responsible for that dogs slow agonizing death should face the same fate.

Peta is nothing but a bunch of do gooders that think they are gods &amp;can stick their noses any where it dammed well pleases them . Oh yesthey may do some things good some where but they should check things b/4 running their ""big big"" mouths they do not have the full story on this one and no i dont either but im not raking a pile of s--ttoo raise a stink on something that has been going on for at leasta hundred years we have the aspca  &amp; humane soc too check these things out b4 &amp; after every iditarod race so go crawl back in your hole peta !!

OK PETA....Maybe you folks can convince me....Now go to Alaska, strip nude then give me a call..That might work but if you kiss a grizzly , I would be convinced immediately !! Now get your butts up there ....

The death of this animal is certainly a sad thing and as sorry as I am to hear about it, the GOOD FOLKS AT PETA CAN KISS MY BACK SIDE.I think they should charge all the people involved in this race with cruelty to animals.

Shut the F up and find somethig to do!! Damned, I am sick to F death of liberal bull sh(i)t!!

PETA says at least 142 dogs have died since the Iditarod began in 1973.  How many dogs euthanized in the lower 48 YESTEDAY.  Yes it was a bad deal.  BUT not deliberate.  How about shakin' up the cretins who dump dogs, pups and all other critters every day!

OMG, I was kidding when I wrote in another article that PETA would come after them if they weren't careful.  You know PETA has went after the fishing industry because hooks hurt.  When are they going to stick up for pro life?

an "activist" is another name for a douch that dosen't like what someone else does.

Go climb a rock, or jump off a cliff with some lemmings; in other words, go away! Idiot PETA clowns #$%$ about anything that makes a news story.

This is an awful incident, but given the numbers of dogs and cats PETA kills on a regular basis, it's beyond hypocritical for them to be demanding criminal charges without knowing the full details of what appears to be a tragic mistake.

Seriously? These dogs are bred for that purpose. They are not just used to run and run for the hell of it. They are family, without them many people would not get the supplies they need. Don't get me wrong I feel bad for Dorado, however it just goes to show how harsh the 'run' actually was for those that did it so many years ago. An unfortunate accident indeed, instead of criminalizing the people we should pay homage to Dorado for his contribution and work to use his loss as a learning experience so that others may have a better race in the future.

that race is only about the EGOS of the STUPID humans involved -----

PETA needs to mind their own business. Every moron and idiot needs some crusade to make themselves feel important and useful.PETA, I find it hard to take advice from people that have no issue with making porn and say it's about animal cruelty........

Hey Max, I hope you never have any animal.

Its only a dog.. No lawsuit filed when a  homless  dies on a park bech. (not that a care for either) Thats life.

just a miss judgement,don't think anyone is to blame here..sad for the pup though..sorry to hear about the loss..

A dear friend once told me, "When you tame an animal, it is YOUR responsibility for the rest of ITS life."  For me, those are words to live by.

its ok if we blow dry them and they are on TV for a dog show.  Those dogs live a horrible life, cooped up in a cage.  dogs want to run and do what they were bred to do.

Perhaps PeTA should send volunteers to Alaska to check on the dogs, and make sure they are cared for.But that would take them away from throwing paint on fur coats and picketing KFC for killing chickens.Choose your battles, PeTA.

I wonder when PETA is going to start caring for killing human babies (abortion)

I endorse PETA--------People Eating Tasty Animals. YUUUUUUMMMMYYYYY What?? PETA really means WHAT? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Get jobs and stop being a pain in the butt.

I'm no I Killed A Dog fan. But, I have seen many documentaries on the race and the dogs themselves. These dogs want to run. Every day. As hard, fast, and far as they can. And, if they die in the process, they did what they absolutely loved to do. They died happy, which is all we can give these magnificent animals.It's like thoroughbred race horses. All they want to do is run. And, if they get injured on the track, they're put down. Why? Because they won't sit still long enough to heal. They'll try to run on their injured limbs, under excruciating pain, because that's what they want to do. And, the only humane thing to do is to put them out of their misery.I get that the PETA folks want to stop animal torture and suffering. But, if the animals get so much enjoyment out of what we enable them to do, and then they get hurt, sick, or whatever and can't participate any more - even if they die trying - at least we know that they absolutely loved what they did the whole time.I guess my point is this, PETA - Would you rather these dogs sit at your feet, get fat, and end up dying from heart disease at the same age as a wonderfully spirited dog who ran his or her heart out, doing what it loved to do? Some dogs die young, just as some people do. At least this dog died happy and fulfilled, doing what it wanted to do all its life. And that, to me, is a very ethical treatment of these animals.These dogs live for this as much as the mushers themselves. A very unique bond. Gotta love them dog's.

Oh PETA, always looking for a spot in the media...just...go away. You've proven time and time again that you don't stand by your company acronym anyway...

who ever was running the dog had to know,,,,,,no excuse to leave it like that,,,,punish the person[s] responsible,,,,

How about we tie a bunch of PETA ret@rds to a sled and have them pull the mushers 1000 miles.

It is funny how the world and Alaska has survived for years before PETA came along to tell them how wrong and cruel they are and were. Actually they should follow the anagram of their name.... Please Eat The Animals!  If this were China, the dog would have been consumed as a gourmet meal.  Hey PETA! I got your animal cruelty right here in my pants!

Any body that's ever been around or owned sled dogs knows they love to run, in fact they live for it

This comes from an organization that encouraged members to throw rocks at fisherman because fish can feel pain in their mouths. True story happened on the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Tunnel.

He was a beautiful dog. What happened is really sad and unfortunate.

ahh peta. the organisation that always seems to make noise and points fingers and tells people to do something, but never seems to be willing to listen to the other parties point of view or do research about how this things are not always cruelty to animals. Take hunting for example, they will probably say that it is cruel to kill an innocent animals, but if we do not control their population it will result in loss of habitat from over population, starvation of other animals because of shortage of food. Which is better for the animals? a slow death through starvation or a quick death? Also with the loss of plants, we have nothing to hold the soil down, which will result in many many problems because then the plants will have nothing to hold onto, water quality will decrease, etc. In short, PETA, good job with all those laws, but not everything that involves animals is considered cruelty. These mushers care as much about their dogs as you do.

Maybe the dog just had a heart attack, which could totally be unrelated to racing.  Haven't you ever heard of an 18 year old, or less, high school sports player dropping dead?  Defecation happens.Most won't want to hear this, but these dogs are treated like you and I treat our children.  They are cared for, pampered even, and knowing these volunteers the way I do they are heartbroken over this.  It's not unusual for these dogs to be left out overnight and awaken covered in snow, the dogs can easily handle conditions like that.  What apparently happened here is the snow was buffeted enough to create an air-tight crust and suffocate the dog.  Nobody was at fault - an accident occurred.  35 dogs easily survived, unfortunately one didn't.  You can be certain that the Trail Committee will fully investigate this incident and work to prevent it from happening again.

Peta knows tthis is a popular sport, with dogs dropping out. If they cared for the dogs, and not the money, why not offer volunteers, to care for the dogs. If this was the only dog, left in the cold. Find out why, if he is the only one that died, why is it cruelty?

There is no definite way  to tell if the dog was asphyxiated in a snow drift.  The dog was probably dead before the drift built up around him, wouldn't you think?  Have you heard of a snow drift sneaking up and choking a dog out?

Slap all Mushers .............................................

It would have been pretty simple to wrap the cage in canvas to keep the snow out. Some one dropped the ball.

My neighbor has a Husky, and he loves to run, and loves to be doing things...constantly. He buzzes around the yard 24/7 and gets bored and destructive if he doesn't have something to do.So, for those that say Iditarod is cruel, they don't really understand that those dogs are specially bred to run those races, and they have extremely high energy and endurance.Do they need to take breaks when they are tired? Yes.Should they keep better track of them when they are dropped from races? Absolutely.

Maybe the organizers rather than the mushers...they make the big money and are responsible...

These riders only really know a couple of the dogs.It's the owners responsibility to care for the dogs as well as race officials. Stand up for the Dog, Damn It

Peta is a choke. They went around N.C. a while ago in a van whose soul purpose was to get animals from a shelter type situation , and Murder them. Look it up. i lived in Norfolk. Va when this happened in Ahoski. Peta would kill the animals in the van and dump the bodies in Dumpsters. #$%$ PETA

Bad weather kills alot of living things .Bad weather kills alot of living things .

PETA should stay at home.  What about race horses that break a leg or are lame.  Most of them are put down, which is the best choice.  The dogs do love to run and they enjoy it.  Anyone who has been around a work dog knows when they bark and wag their tails and cannot wait to start a race, that dog is happy.  Too bad about the dog dying but things like this happen.

Obamacare will work this way, Old or Sick just throw you to the side, But PETA peope support Obama, Wierd isn't it, But back in the day if an animal was of no use you shot it, End of story, It was a way of life and death

Much like Gabby Gifford and her husband Mark Kelly who in private are AR-15 enthusists yet in public want to ban guns. Much like PETA who point fingers at people wearing fur yet downstairs in their office they run a doggie death camp.

I feel bad for the dog but let's keep things in perspective.  I have no doubt that any one of these PETA activists could have a partial-birth abortion and no one in their organization would bat an eyelash.

Very sad ending for this animal, thats all I can say.

That is not a horrible death.  The dogs curl in a tight ball to keep warm but snow fell on him which keeps him warmer but it can also black air.  He just fell asleep and did not get enough oxygen and did not wake up.  Most dogs could only hope to die that peacefully.  It is sad but not cruel.

If this #$%$ from PETA wants something to do go check out the dog pounds.

In severe weather conditions you'd think maybe some human would say "Hey, lets bring these dogs indoors for the night, they're exhausted, overworked, and we're not yet sure of their medical conditions"

Only Peta listens to Peta..No one else who has a brain listens to anything they have to say.PeTA  members love murdering human babies

PETA never fails to amaze me. Sled dogs are bred to be in the cold. Due to their thick coats many breeders and owners set them up in kennels outside where they sometimes dig into the snow to use as a blanket. In addition, these are working dogs and were bred to drag sleds across the frozen wasteland. While what happened is heartbreaking and certainly tragic, the dog's death is just a horrible accident. To go after the owners is simply going to inflict more pain; they are most likely already grieving the loss of their companion.

Those are some of the most well cared for dogs on the planet.there not pretty little pets those are working animals that are working way harder that peta

If you're hiking with the family and the youngest kid is too slow, just tie him to a tree...

I hate to think Dorado suffered.

People in Tibet are so oppressed they set themselves on fire to gain world attention.PETA?gimme a break....

You people are missing the point.  It makes no difference whether the dogs really like to run an it certainly doesn't matter if it was a dog vs. a person.  This wasn't an accident. The race organizers had a responsiblilty to take care of the dogs that were dropped off.  This is a "rule" and guideline outlined for the race participants.  The dog owners had a reasonable expectation that, based upon these rules of the race, the dog would be cared for -- properly.  As it turns out, they did not properly care for the dog; therefore, they were NEGLIGENT.  Negligence means someone didn't do something they were charged with or responsible for doing thus causing loss, injury, death etc.  An accident would imply that the race owners couldn't have done anything to prevent the dogs death....as in, they couldn't have done something to prevent the dog from being buried in snow.  Given that they provided shelter to other dogs, it's reasonable to assume they could have done something differently. They didn't.  They are responsible...plain and simple ---whether you like PETA or not.

No jury of Alaskans would convict. Nobody who has ever owned or met a health husky would think that running is cruel -- not running them is cruel. It is unfortunate, but welcome to Alaska.

Please Obama even if you are as worthless the next 4 years as you were in the last 4 at least please make it illegal to be a member of PETA and order the execution of all its members.

I feel bad for the dog, of course. But, these dogs live to work........they love it......something a liberal would never understand the meaning of.......WORKI wish PETA would just go away.

How about just hooking up the PETA folks to the sleds instead of the dogs.  That would make me smile and the dogs' too!

The second time these idiot news reporters forget to mention the FACT that these dog teams do not run the entire length of the race. The mushers have replacements for obvious reasons. Although it still makes me mad that the race officials are trusted and paid to care for other peoples dogs. They should be made to lay in the cold till they die.

The only thing criminal here is the fact that PETA is getting involved.

Who cares what the animal rights terrorists think?

Liberals would screw up a good jerk.

big deal that's the risk you take

PETA......get a life!!!

Yet an estimated 2+ million dogs are euthanized every year in the US because they're unwanted. Hmm.

I agree it is cruel for the dogs to run that far they should hook the PETA members up to the sleds and make them pull it til they pass out! Maybe when they wake up they gain a little sense!peta has got to stick there nose in it. if they are so conserned why don,t they take care of them.

Is there any group of people in the world with more screwed up priorities than PETA ?

It is unfortunate that the dog died after doing what he loved to do,  RUN.  Why don't people care about other people the way they do about animals??

PETA- the organization that opposes life-saving research on animals, supports ecoterrorists, and even criticizes people (like Obama) for swatting flies. I would suggest these people be referred to a psychiatric ward.

Lets see, PETA hates the Iditarod, but its OK for PETA to proudly kill dogs and cats at the Virginia animal shelter it runs in Virginia.  The one with the 90% kill rate.  How do you miserable PETA supporters wrap you brains around that hypocrisy?

Sounds like PETA killed this dog to make an example whom did PETA have working the race???

sell it to korea.

Those dogs are kept better than their human drivers. PETA places more value on an animals life than humans. while cruelty to animals is wrong an animals life is not above a humans. P.E.T.A. stands for People Eating Them Animals.

Peta is a pos group, who cares about Peta, they are self centered

Or maybe HSUS (Humane Society of the United States), should get involved. Oh, they spend less than 1% of their budgets supporting animal shelters spending the rest on anti meat / pro vegan campaigns.lets replace the dogs with activist,if one die we wont lose much

These peta turds are just domestic terrorists and should be treated as such.

PETA, that says about all of it. Wonder how far a informed judge can throw that suit? They probably have some liberal reared (take that anyway you want) uninformed judge lined up too waste a lot of time and money and will lose in the end.

PETA...people eating tasty animals...PETA...stupid people

Those dogs always look happy when they are running.

Peta is sticking their nose in to stuff they need to stay out of, these dogs are bred and raised for this. How many cats and dogs did they kill last year?

How about going after PETA for all the dogs and cats THEY euthanize every year.....

Peta people drive cars and trucks pollute the ground and water that animals live on.

PETA people wear leather.

PETA people eat live plants. Who speaks for the plants that they rip out of the ground by their roots and eat them either live or cooked?I love animals like a lot.I would honestly shoot someone if they tried to hurt dog or abuse him for no reason,other than being an #$%$.One thing i have learned,PETA loves PETA.That's it.

I wonder if Throughbred horse races are as carefully regulated as the Iditarod?  I imagine they are.  Why pick on the Iditarod?

In some countries dogs are food People for Eating Tasty Animals!

PETA is filing a lawsuit to stop the senseless slaughter of naughas. They say there are other substitutes for naughahyde.

"Every year, the Iditarod is criticized by animal advocates as being an event that can be deadly for dogs and that the animals are forced to run."What PETA doesn't understand is that these dogs not only want to run they enjoy running as well.

I have followed the Iditarod for years simply because of it's history. These dogs are born and bred for this race and for this type of weather. It's a grueling race and has taken the lives of many animals as well as HUMAN BEINGS. Perhaps the ball got dropped somewhere but I think the animal activists are out of line here. These dogs have NEVER looked malnurished or abused. They are trained for this so they are well taken care of. Sad accidents happen like this and I'm just not convinced that the 'activists' are overreacting to what is part of the grueling aspects of this race. The owner did take the dog out of the race when he determined that the dog was too spent to go on. That shows responsibility on the part of the owner. The caretakers checked to determine that they were okay five hours earlier and sometime in between the dog died. It is sad and horrible - no reason to stop doing the Iditarod.

Once peta people picketed my place of employment due to our line of fur coats - A local minister on a totally different mission came to ask them some question regarding their stance on abortion - A few of them were quick to volunteer their support of abortions and when he questioned them further on killing babies vs. killing animals all of a sudden they shut up - Funny how they were just fine with baby killing via abortion!

Marathoners drop over all the time, but they are human so they don't count.  30,000 people are gunned down every year, but they are human and they don't count.  I know these racers love their dogs, and take great pains to see to them, so give it a rest.

Mushers love their dogs and the dogs love to run.  PETA should shut up and quit putting pets to sleep at it's shelters.

Charges should be sought against PeTA for scamming money from rubes.Unlike the animals PETA allegedly "saves", this dog died doing what he loved.

FFFF PETA - Although I do Love animals  !

This is were PETA loses credibility... How irrational.

Anyone remember the Seal that PETA saved?  They nursed it back to health,  Brought it to the Ocean,    turned it loose..        And a Great White popped up and snatched it...They released the poor bassturd right in the middle of great white mating season and in the area that was noted for having the most sharks..Point being.. They are not too bright..  And the last people on earth that should ever talk about neglect..   had they did their homework, and worked with other agencies, They would not have murdered that poor seal..     See.  it works both ways..

We need to charge PETA for the unethical treatment of humans.

PETA doesn't care about people...watch south park

I hope everyone saying that the Iditarod is cruel to animals is also saying the same for horse racing because there is no difference. These dogs are bred to run and pull weight just as race horses are bred to race. The only reason why PETA is even saying anything about the death of this dog is because it is high profile and will help them in getting donations.

PETA can be a royal pain in the A@s! Its Alaska and a tradition that goes back years. Was PETA there to see the guy kill the dog?

P(erpetuating) A(crimony) T(owards) A(laskans)

PETA is right.Ban the Idiotrod.PETA is right.Ban the Idiotrod.

Bite me Peta ! as@4^&amp;* '@ !

From the article:  "Dorado belonged to the team of Iditarod rookie Paige Drobny of Fairbanks"Rookie! Kinda like what you have in the whitehouse. . .that YOU voted for! #$%$ happens!

PETA wants to sue?  Does this surprise anyone?  It's a dangerous event, always has been.  The price of competition and tradition.  Are we to give up all our traditions that might involve an animal or human to be killed?  I think not!

this would really hurt my feelings..............but i dont have any  lol

Teach them a lesson. They need to know the rest of the world is watching them.

foeced to run? ever own one of those dogs? They live to run, they are at thier happiest when mushing. My friends dog lives outside year round, actualy hates it in the house. I do support PETA though (people eating tasty animals).

I have a PETA suit.  I hunted it down and took it's pelt with my bare hands.  It put up quit a fight.  I was covered in spray paint before it was over.  I had an outfit in Pennsylvania tan the hide.  Had a Korean tailor in San Francisco sew the suite.  IT fit's like a second skin.  You should get one.  There's no permit required and no bag limit.  Don't eat the meat though, It's tainted.

Plain and simple.  The dog was down so the dog should have been brought inside!  Is that too much to ask?  What went wrong the a score of dogs were left outside all night in Alaska weather?  Time to investigate so it does not happen again.

That's just F great!!! How about the 1,500,000 babies you liberal trash kill each year? How about it, you want to get involved over one dogs death and you dismember, stab and scrape 1.5 mil kids to death every year? You people are vermin, trash, my garbage can has better people than you are. F a damned liberal, I am tired of their sh(i)t and do not give one damn what it takes to get rid of them and allow America to return to sanity, morality, economic prosperity and general mutual good. SPIT!!!!! Yes, the tree of liberty must be shaken at times to free it of trash and spilling blood may be required.PeopleEatingTastyAnimals

Ask a peta nut whats there favorite breed of hunting dog. They will tell you the dead one.

Listening to PETA NONSENSE is cruel and unusual punishment

Dags, I like dags do you like dags? Oh Dogs yea sure I like dogs.

CRUEL, no excuses, this should not happen...., ever

I don't think that PETA really does anything good for the public image of animal rights people anymore.

I thought Obama was supposed to fix all this stuff...Over four years into his administration and we still have these kinds of horror stories? Forgotten dogs left to die out in the snow? What the hell is going on here?

PETA= People Eating Tasty Animals.....Yumm!

.........Dear Peta Dorks, there was some where around a 1000 dogs in that race and they lost a dog, i`m sure everyone felt bad about it ,the dogs are better taken care of then a lot of kids ,and thoes dog love it . why don`t you people get a life ,you don`t have a clue what your talking about ,you just like to run your mouths . we had a kid die in a footbal game not to long ago ,ya better put a stop to football........aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

News to PETA. All living things will die. Many of us will die horrible deaths. Get over it you whining weanies.Wake up these are animals, doing what they are bred for. Next thing will be don't kill flies.

Oh come on PETA, go pick on cosmetic companies who experiment on animals!

These well meaning fools just have no comprehension of what conditions are like in the Arctic or close to it.  I say lets send all these do-gooders up there for a first hand view of the Iditerod and then let them tell us how to improve things up there.  In fact, give them 5 gallons of gas and a snowmobile and I'll bet we never hear from them again.

Millions of dogs and cats die everyday. Where is PETA in all those cases

Someone should put those peta morons under large amounts of snow.

God forbid a dog gets to live it's life doing what it was born to do.

These dogs live a better and happier life than any of the house dogs that are treated like children.

In words that peta can understand "go to hell", stay out of other peoples business.

PETA check your information before shooting off you mouth.  Have a burger and chill out.

These sled dogs love to pull sleds and the owners take very good care of them. PETA reminds me of the ACLU------------worthless!People Eating Tasty Animals

Pathetic!  Keep the race.  Hang PETA.

Is it true that PETA stands for people eating tasty animals?

In general, I applaud PETAs efforts to provide for humane treatment of animals. There are a lot of people who victimize animals...abandon dogs, poison feral cats, mistreat strays and abuse horses, etc. But in this case, they are in the wrong. Sled dogs LIVE to haul sleds through the cold; they thrive on the Iditarod the same way a racing horse loves to run or a greyhound loves to race. These dogs are bred for this. PETA stands to lose credibility if they continue to confuse true mistreatment with armchair quarterback opinions.

We are talking about a work dog here.  I grew up on a farm and work animals die.  Try to direct some of your anger toward all of the babies that are killed in this country due to abortion laws!

Unfortunate accident?!?!?!? How about abuse? How about postponing future races until these people can get their act together. Ya think? Death like this is not an accident. It is neglect! JennaK....Dropping the ball is not an accident. If this happened to a child at a day care, would it be an unfortunate accident?

Aww poor doggie

While I'm not a PETA person or anything, I don't understand this silly race thing. I'm sure there's more to the story. From what I read, it didn't seem to me that there was criminal intent on anybody's part. Neglect, yes. These dogs were not properly cared for. Lack of personnel to check on the dogs they housed outside or just pure laziness, I'm not sure. Those dogs should have been rotated so all could be inside for a while to warm up until they could be removed. Geez.

If most of the dogs they knew had to be inside an airport hangar it is insane to put 3 dozen or so out in the elements. There should have been tents erected or some other form of protection for these animals. Sure, they are used to that type of weather, but when it is left alone in a storm/blowing snow for over 6 hours, there is cause for alarm. There should have been a person checking those dogs every 30 minutes or so. This type of "drop the ball" is just what is not needed on a professional race like this. Someone did not do his duty to these dogs and should be blamed for it. God bless Dorado and I am sure some of the others will never make it out who were in the cold for that long. He was left by his owner/musher because they were worried about him... I feel sorry for the owner, too! They expected help and santuary for their ill dog and did not get it!  So sorry..... RIP Dorado!

poor baby. who cares about these stupid races. pull your own sleds and see how you do.PETA is a bunch of hypocrites

These dogs are specifically bred to run for days on end. This is what they love and it would be even crueler to take it away from them. Chit happens!

In Richmond, Va, a big-shot lady, with one of these animal cruelty org's, left a dog in her car and it died from heat exhaustion. However, she was found not responsible for cruelty to an animal. Who would-a thunk it?

"Race officials have said the weather delayed efforts to transport dropped dogs sooner."This race is held every year in March in Alaska. I'm assuming that this is not the only year that weather has been a factor. They're in the tundra with blowing and drifting snow every year. If many of the dogs made it to airports for the night, why didn't they take ALL of them? You can't leave dogs, even dogs that participate in the Iditarod, behind a building during a winter storm and expect them to be fine and dandy the next morning. If anything, leaving them right next to the building could be more dangerous as snow tends to drift against buildings; in the open, it continues to blow. Not only that, someone has to be available to take care of them through the night. Throughout the race, they may be in the cold and snow, but they have their handlers to take care of them. It seems as if the organizers lost their heads at some point, and this poor dog paid the ultimate price because of it.

Why do people care more about dogs than they do each other?

Pathetic PETA proves their irrelevance yet again.

Sad

PETA should be outraged at all the wolves that die in wild too. I mean come on, that’s neglect! Leaving those poor animals to fend for themselves in the wild, it’s cruel.

I'm sure the dogs like to race.What else are they going to do?

I ate a PETA chick once.  Tasted like chicken...NEVER leave the animals outside during the heavy snow storm and frozen all nights!!!!  Stupidity!!

This seems to have been an accident. PETA, get over it.

Peta is secretly run by Dr Quinn, medicine woman.

Why doesn't PETA picket the GLBT for the abuse of gerbils. Let's be honest about what they do and it aint pretty.

I love animals. I also hate PETA.

CELEBRATAES THE DOGS  REALLY?

PETA can go to hell.

Everything on this planet has the right to be treated humanly and with dignity.. Including People.. Cancelling the race because of one persons mistake is not the way to go, Correct the person or situation so that it does not happen again. The happiest animal on the planet is a Sled dog doing its job...

Did you know that PETA runs the highest kill-ratio shelter in the US? Why? Well, if the cat doesn't have an owner willing to devote 12 hours a day to it, it's better off dead. That there demonstrates how insane they are; they think cats want that much attention.

PETA should drop off face of earth!PETA should drop off face of earth!

Hey peta freaks how horrifying is it to abort a human and crush its skull while it is still alive in a mothers womb??? You should be working to stop abortion instead of sticking your noze where it dont belong in the animal world. When a gang of wolfs take down a Elk and rip it to shreds who ya gona call ??

They're selectively bred to like the abuse!

I say put all the peta persons in the woods with the wolves and give them guns and see what they do.i'll bet they shoot.

I can't believe I'm reading an article about a dead dog. America is dog obsessed,they love them more than children.

That is just sad, really sad... I don't think anyone would leave their dog outside in that kind of weather, I'm surprised he was the only dog to perish in those conditions...

The most important point here is how screwed up PETA  has become. What needs to be done is to dry up their donations.

Worthless organization...period. A bunch of idiots whose only job is to suck money out of fools.

Anything PETA is for, I am against.  The Ididarod has been going on for years.  PETA "says" they are for animals yet, kill over 90% of the animals they take in for rescue.  PETA thinks that noone should own animals.  They released several dogs on the California Mission Circuit dog shows a few years ago.  Their claims were that show dogs were better off running free (in an area close to several busy California freeways) than to be show dogs.  Excuse me, my show dog sleeps in my bed.  The Ididarod dogs are kept as they have been for lots of years and, PETA is butting their pet hating nose where it doesn't belong.

my heart goes out to this poor pup but for once I don't agree with PETA as a member myself i believe this is by far an accident and lack of on hand personal that doesn't mean sled dogs are being mistreated yes they need to change protacal and have more on hand workers but the mushers could always take more responsibility for their pups. I don't agree with Peta wanting to shut down the last piece of history we have left. on some hands I see their points in a lot of things such as seal clubbing but i am sorry to say fellow members of peta your taking this one to far. sled dog sports is no more worse then dog shows you watch on animal planet every sport has their accidents more humans die during sled races more then the dogs. there have been a number of horse death's in rodeo's but in truth more human's die then the animal accidents happen it's a part of life. Am i really the only peta memeber who believe's that you can't save them all and not all of them that die was from an act of cruelty we die humans die animals die bugs die fish die at some point it's not alway from an act of cruelty just because somebody or something had a accidental horrifying death doesn't mean it was intent and that my friends is where I believe animal cruelty starts is when your actions towards that animal become intent to cause bodily harm. People walk away from their homes every single day and are found frozen solid no explanation the same goes for animals. So instead of #$%$ about shutting something down move for stricter laws or better rules to be written. Some of the responsibly to this poor pups death lay's on the dog's owners that's your dog not the offishals at a check point i do believe your supposed to put your dogs away. In truth peta the blame fall's on both side's of this story I'm sorry to say Mushers but those are your dogs nobody else's golden rule of the old trust nobody with your team that's your lively hood... Rant over with!!Animals have always been here to help us. With out their help we could of never evolutionised the way we did. We use animals to our benefit, that is why we are the smartes species.  I see this as an accidents but of course PETA will not see it that way, they rather have 100 humans die to save one animal. That is just stupid.

This breed of dog would rather die in the snow than be dressed up and carried in a purse all day!

oh buzz off PETA. worry about the stray dogs you intentionally kill "humanely".

shut up Peta!  get your own house in order first and stop killing animals at your shelter in Virginia.  Pot/Kettle

i wanna see humans run 1000 miles naked wearing just fur coats!

RIP Dorado, you are in a much better place now.

you know when God said "what you do unto the least of these you do unto me ", he wasnt just talking about the people who had specail needs, the poor and the children, he was also talking about animails too the ones that cry in scilents and you take advantage of there love for your gain, give it some time cause what goes around , comes and you will pay now how God decides thats up to God but best belive you will pay. Cause God didnt create animals to be missed treated like that.

I hear people talk about extreme measures taken by Peta and other groups when reacting to an incident but I always defend them because in my opinion, I really dont care what someone brings on themselves if they hurt an animal...I figure they should have considered that before hurting, killing or torturing a creature. Its like someone breaking into my house and #$%$ that I shot at them. I just figure if I were to take sides heres how I see it- do I take the side of someone who did something wrong, thinks because its an animal it doesnt matter and might get away with it or someone who is trying to punish that person and trying to stop it?

PETA always, and I mean always leaves out pertinent information when they want to promote their position. They are the most unethical group of animal cruelest on this planet. There is nothing of worth that comes out of their mouths. They lie, mislead, provide only 1/5 of the pertinent info and they kill more animals through their illegal acts than you would ever want to know. They are in fact a leech organization that depends upon drama to incite donations for their lawyer teams. NO habitat, no care and especially no money ever goes directly toward the actual care of an animal. PEOPLE QUIT GIVING THESE MONSTERS MONEY!

I'm sure she has to be talking about the abortion mills in AK. "It's a horrifying death, and we feel it was totally preventable," PETA cruelty caseworker Kristin Simon said Tuesday.peta members should be euthanized...

I wonder how long this dog would have lasted in PETA's care if it wasn't adopted out in 72 hours. Let's see now, better for the dog to go out doing what it's bred to do, or in PETA's gas chamber?

Only AP believes PETA has "officials"

Seriously PETA shut up!... Just shut up...it is a dangerous race for people and for dogs,  and death is a inherent danger of this race. Furthermore YOU are the problem!! in every instance where an animal dies from a "preventable death" or is killed for endangering a human you cry bloody murder, but dont say a word when humans die at the hands of other humans OR at the hands of animals

PETA whining is what is horrible here. The dog was worn out. they had a place to hold those dogs (lots of them actually) and a gap in pickingthem up happened. So one dog, (which may have died ANYWAY died. Gee lets all go wear hair shirs for the rest of eternity. Foget PETA.Those racers care about their dogs. Sled dogs LIKE to run...

I suspect the owner of Dorado will HOT to get to the bottom of this dog's death. This isn't the normal for the race's treatment of the dogs but a very sad happening.

Dogs have been pulling sleds for many years long before these tree huggers came along. That's their job, unfortunate that a dog passed away.

sad:(

When you liberals feel the same way about killing babys ,please let me know .

Some musher should be put out on the snow....that is the Call of the Wild...to give back a soul.Oh goodness. I am a huge dog lover and I am a dog rescuer. What this dog went through was horrifying and those responsible need to be held accountable, but just knowing that PETA is involved will automatically make people not take this seriously. I freaking hate PETA.

Poor dog :(

come on...its a dog. tons die everyday. besides, really they are livestock, if it falters, they need to be put down.

These dogs live for the exercise provided by this race.  The sugestion that the race is crues is totally unjustified.  Yes, possibly more could have been done to protect the dog but he is the only one of 30+ dogs to die.  Doesn't sound like neglect to me, just an unfortunate accident.  PETA needs to have their #####s brought to court for frivolous charges.

i saw someone run over a squirrel today. i think peta should spend their efforts on saving squirrels from getting run over. last week my kitty ate a bird. is this murder??

If ten people died you wouldn't hear a work out of PETA.

Everyone want to regulare our hobbies and sports. Mind Your Own Business.

PETA idiots need to get a life a quit noses in other peoples business! What happened to that dog is sad but it was an accident! If it had been on purpose I would bet the mushers would be yelling louder then the idiots at PETA could ever do!!

At one time PETA was a good idea that truly did some very good things, sadly they have become a celebrity driven group of witch hunters.

PETA can kiss my a  s  s  while I enjoy a nive juicy steak!That dog died doing what sled dogs love and are bred for. PETA are the kind of people that would srep over starving dying children to feed a cat.

Dante Stallworth drives drunk, hits a man with the car, kills him and only spends 24 days in jail. Now, nobody ever talks about himMichael Vick - Kills dogs, spends 2 years in jail and is the most evil man in the world according to PETA.These nut jobs need to get their priorities in line.

Are race dogs usually left out in the cold like the 36 dogs they said were not inside the buildings. Why were these 36 not inside?? I would say that the person who decided to leave these dogs out in the wind blown snow should be responsible for the death.

I can guarantee, any dog used in this race wanted to run, and would have been treated beter than most animals kept at home. In this kind of race there is a special bond betwen the musher and the animal, if things go wrong, both could die.I can also guarantee that the owners of this animal were just as, if not more, hurt by the death of this beautiful animal than PETA. PETA will use any excuse to try and stop any activity involving animals. They actually believe that chickens should be house pets?What?

those that run the iditarod love their animals more than PETA ever will

Its a friggin' dog, not the Dali Lama, for Gods sake. These whackos don't care that millions of humans are being beaten to death or starved eachj year, instead they cry over dumb animals. What a #$%$, mindless group of morons. They should be ashamed, but they'd have to have a soul to do that.

This is a story about a bunch of people complaining about something they know absolutely nothing about. And the comments below are more proof of that.It is a fact that dogs living in cold climates like Alaska sleep in the snow. It's what they do. It keeps them warm and it protects them from the elements.The notion that a dog asphyxiating in the snow is a "horrifying" death is ridiculous. If asphyxiation is how the dog died then it likely fell asleep normally as dogs do and then died from lack of oxygen peacefully.Sometimes bad things happen to good dogs. This was not a case of animal cruelty or neglect nor negligence.(I used to live in Alaska and worked on a dog ranch)

My Aligator boots need polishing.

Why can't people realize that some sports have a level of danger to them, including the  Iditarod.  From time to time, death or serious injury is an obvious outcome, but this race takes extraordinary measures to protect both the dogs and the people racing.  Do-gooders, get a life!

Flippin morons I'd like to have 12 peta members pullin my sled, isn't it ironic the vast majority of peta members support abortionI demand that PETA be forced to pull sleds at next year's Iditarod in lieu of dogs.

i cant believe they let the dog meat go to waste.......... in korea they would have eaten the dog

Animal activists and so-called rescues have done more harm than good and they are responsible for killing hundreds of thousands of animals because they don't want to put any money into keeping them for adoption. Find out how many animals are sold to labs for cruel experiments by so-called Humane Societies before you donate to these frauds. They are funded by tax dollars and do everything BUT protect animals.

If we could seek criminal charges for being idiots PETA  members WOULD GET THE CHAIR!

Word is the sled owner tried to get Sarah Palin to replace the tired dog but she was busy speaking to conservatives in DC.  Next race she'll be the lead dog.

Very much an unfortunate accident. Having worked with hunting dogs for many years, there is no greater love than between a working dog and his owner. I am sure the owner of this dog is heart broken. Too bad PETA is a bleeding heart liberal organization that will never understand that animals exist for the benefit of the  highest in the animal kingdom: human beings. That said, we have a very great responsibility to assure animals are respected, conserved and managed to the fullest degree.

PETA, shut it.   As usual you poke your nose in #$%$ that doesn't concern you.  These animals are integral parts of families.  They are loved animals.  You liberal a holes from the city have no business poking your elitist noses in the business of other people.  #$%$ off.

PETA = hypocrites

PETA are complete whackjobs ... surprised they don't try to ban police/military dogs, as dangerous duty.

Do these people have jobs? They obviously have too much free time.Good thing Obamfk wasn't up there at the time or there would be more of them dead and in a stew.

They are probably pro abortion,but they want laws to protect animals,instead.

These PETA idiots apparently now nothing about sled dogs. These dogs will fight, beg and pout to get hooked to a sled. They love what they do and the one's I've been around are treated better than the people that own them treat themselves. This isn't a perfect world #$%$ happens. Find another way to get attention.

I would suggest that the first PETA member that shows up be put on a sled and mushed out to the Bering Sea where he/she is unceremoniously dumped on their nosy butts to deal with the whales, polar bears, wolves and harp seals first hand.

I believe 1000 miles is way toooo long for A dog. We have 5 rescued dogs, you would be surprized at how many people don't think an animal suffering means anything!  I wish those who abuse a dog should get the same! oh but that is to inhumane for a human! A human knows better!!!

Can someone take peta out of the picture?  They are an irritating thing.

But Out PETA ! !

PETA needs to be put down themselves, tree hugging rascals, spend your money helping homeless, hungry children, or anything worth while.

what's up with PETA and filing criminal charges?  Is filing such charges the only reason for their existence?

PETA; These Dogs are made for this, they LOVE it, sometimes, they DIE. Gee, some of the PETA people will Die.I think PETA supporters should be put in the traces and mushed to the finish line

I support PETA.  I do not at all support PETA's euthanasia of healthy animals simply because they cannot find that animal a home.  However, I do support their belief system that non-human animals are of equal value to humans.  I realize most people don't feel the same way, but then again, 400 years ago, most white people didn't feel that blacks were of equal value to whites.  Equally true for women.  So perceptions do change over time, and I hope this one will.  If you're curious, read, "Respect for Nature" by Paul Taylor.  He outlines the POV of biocentrism, which is the belief that all life -- all life -- is of equal value.  Not because life has value to us -- that belief is called "anthropocentrism" -- but rather that every living thing has an equal right to live.  For me, I don't value life based on whether it has "intelligence," (whatever that means) or faith, or potential, or any other arbitrary standard that we often use to justify why we think humans have greater value.  Rather, I remove the arbitrary.  That is the only fair answer -- to say they are all equally invaluable, or all equally worthless.  But equal.  Yes, I'm vegan, and often fruitarian, which means I on those days I'm eating fruitarian, I will not eat any living thing that was destroyed.  It can be challenging, but I find that the reward -- that I know I'm contributing in a small way towards a better human ethic -- makes the journey easier.  By no means am I perfect.  I have destroyed life, and I continue to do so -- regretfully.  But I do so with a greater awareness of that life, making all efforts to preserve it and to limit my interference.  So how does all of this relate to a dog that died at the Ididerod?  In this sense, I agree with PETA -- animals are not ours to use.  Dog racing, though amusing to many, is ultimately a form of animal commoditization.  In fact, we today possess many technologies that allow us to race without the use of animals, that it certainly would be better if we left them alone.  Should PETA pursue this case?  Probably not.  They should stick to their animal-rights advocacy, and leave the question of animal cruelty to Alaskan local law enforcement.  It is however, very sad that we've codified laws that scarcely protect non-human animals.  Very often a person can get a stiffer prison term for stealing a stick of chewing gum than for abusing or murdering an animal.  That's largely because we've codified laws for our own convenience -- laws that allow us to "own" other living things, to define them as property, which ultimately diffuses our responsibility towards other species.  Under the law, we may treat them as we see fit -- and we may discard them as we see fit -- all based on what's in our best interests, not theirs.  That really is very sad.  Yanno, there was a brief time when America envisioned itself as the little guy who stood up for the powerless.  Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.  What happened to that noble spirit?  What happened to the America that looked out for the interests of those who cannot speak for themselves?  I'm not talking about this particular dog at the Ididerod, but again, to speak on behalf of all dogs and cats and cows and trees and everything that lives.  What happened to our collective American sense of helping someone locked in a cage, helping them to live free?  Some of you will joke -- you'll say you ate that cow, or you chopped down that tree.  Others of you will quip that bears and spiders also kill, so why can't we?  Because frankly, we are neither bears nor spiders.  We'll let them deal with their own ethics.  We are human.  And though we exist at the top of the food chain, that doesn't mean we need to destroy with impugnity, or commoditize other living things.  Read Taylor's book.  Try thinking differently.

Let the dogs race if that's what they love, but who came up with the 1,000 mile journey? Sounds as extreme and as unnatural as some of the AKC venues such as hunt tests, field trials, etc. What people won't do for a ribbon. RIP Dorado, you're safe now.

it is hard to believe but peta puts more animals to sleep than anyone else. All those animals people send to peta that they cannot place are put down. They do this because it is practical. Those race people did what was practice and has worked in the past. It was an accident.

Someone is going to have to be FINED.  Otherwise, this same BS will never end.

I really think PETA members "love" their animals a bit differently than us normal animal lovers

This "race" is idiotic as the Kentucky Derby, but you can't expect much from a state that would elect palin as anything more than the town ho.

I think the racers should be tied together and forced to run in the snow for 1,000 miles. See how it feels you horrible people!!

GET RID OF PETA!!!

Yep--before I even read the complete headline, I knew PETA would be involved.Oh, hey PETA, shut up!

Yet...Peta would have killed the dog if brought to their "shelter"

Doesn't PETA stand for Prefer Eating Tasty Animals?

PETA would hate to hear what I do to squirrels that happen into my yard---if slingshot doesn't wound or kill, the trap catches them for close up action.

I know these dogs love to run but in the same context it's imperative that they have people who care for them....after all, it's a very high profile race in Alaska....someone was very lax....snowing, wind, cold and drifting snow is not a natural environment, especially when it starts to cover these beautiful animals....

we can take peta seriously as soon as they fight for un born babies the same way they will fight for a rat

PETA is just another money hungry left wing organization looking for a free ride or way to sue someone, anyone for a paycheck. They could care less about the Dogs or any other animal.

What the France?  Peta needs to get a grip.  This was an accident not the result of purposeful or wonton neglect.

Can you imagine hauling someones #$%$ miles and miles and then you are just left there to die in the cold? Would the Iditarod to this to humans? Why are dogs treated like #$%$ when they are the ones doing the work? Almost 150 dogs have died since the start of this terrible race. They leave 4 dogs a year to die!!!

Definitely sad and in this case PETA is right, it was preventable...However, saying that the race itself is cruel?  Majority of dog breeds recognized by the AKC are all working/herding/hunting dogs.  They need to be physically and mentally engaged in something.  Sled dogs for one have been bred to pull sleds with cargo as well.When will PETA focus on today's children ? Those children saved can then help animals.

Those with the hateful comments, come visit the great state of Alaska.  Take a tour of one of the dog sled facilities, participate in a dog sled event, meet the mushers and talk to them.  You might just change your mind.  These dogs are actually well-loved, well treated, trained for the Iditarod throughout the entire year.  They are NOT abused, made to run till they drop, cruelly left out in the cold, or anything else you want to come up with.  Alaska is a wonderful place to visit and live, and the Iditarod is an amazing event to see.  Lived here for 2 years now, considering staying forever!!

I am very sad that the dog died. I am certain his owner is also very sad and upset. She dropped him because he was "moving stiffly." It would have been cruel to force him to continue running, knowing something was not right. The drop-off point is supposed to be a safe haven, and the owners expect their dogs to get the very best care while waiting to be flown home. The dogs should not have been outside in unprotected Alaska winter weather. Somebody dropped the ball, but it is not the musher's fault.Sled dogs are not forced to run, most love it. That is what they have been selectively bred to do, over hundreds of years. Their coats are designed to protect them from the elements, and they have much more energy and stamina than the average dog. Only the healthiest, hardiest, and most enthusiastic dogs are chosen to race. A weak or sickly dog, or one who is reluctant to run, will not make a winning team. What would be cruel is keeping these dogs cooped up in a house with not enough exercise, and nothing to do. They are bred to run, and that is what they want to do.I used to belong to PETA, way back in the day. I firmly believe in treating animals ethically. I quit the organization, though, when some of the members started to get over-zealous. Throwing paint on someone's expensive fur coat is way out of line (and is vandalism, if not assault!). "Liberating" show dogs, causing mass chaos, and ending with some dogs getting hit by cars, is insane! They should educate themselves about the issue they wish to attack, then go about it in a peaceful, law-abiding way. The zealots have gone over-board, and over-shadow what the organization is supposed to be about! Sad to say, the nuts have ruined PETAs altruistic roots. They have become the animal rights equivalent of Westboro Baptist!

Animals have rights, they are a living breathing pet. When put at a check point that is and was instructed to care for all dogs, should have taken care of all the dogs and kept them inside..No more animals should die for not being cared for properly.. I am not a pet owner but I wouldn't think twice if I was told my animal would be cared for and wasn't.. I would sue too...

"quote' :: "It's a horrifying death, and we feel it was totally preventable," PETA cruelty caseworker Kristin Simon said Tuesday. :::I wonder how it compares to the horrifying and totally preventable deaths which happen to about 90% of the animals given to PETA's animal shelters?  At least it was unintentional.

My brother-in-law was buried by an avalanche on a snowmobile.  Totally preventable.  No criminal charges.  PETA sucks.

Does PETA have an international chapter, like in Europe, if they do, have them protest about the horsemeat.

I miss my Samoyed. Such beautiful dogs run in these races. To abuse man's best friend is beyond abuse. I hope they serve time for this.

The dogs live to race and pull sleds. PETA needs to stay in places like LA and harass the owners who put their dogs in a purse.

PeTA worships animals and cares nothing for humans especially human babies tortured to death in abortions