There are some really stupid people connected with this case.

@916DJs:  On a multitude of levels - absolutely sick and sad.

Girls threatening a raped girl and siding with rapists....this town should change it's name to Stupidville.  Throw the book at em.

It is encouraging to see that these girls who bully others from behind a key board get their just due.Maybe this will be a lesson to others that use social media to spew their hateful comments. Hope they make them an example.

That town has some great kids. The girls helped these boys drug and rape their classmate, stood by and filmed it, now they threaten her for fighting back. The adults produced that vile bunch of perverted teens and help cover up what they did. WHAT THE HE77 IS WRONG WITH THE PEOPLE IN THAT TOWN???

Still calling the gitl an :" alleged victim " ? YOU IDIOT, THE RAPISTS WERE CONVICTED

Why can't they get to the parents of these kids, who raises these monsters ?

If these kids had any brains, they wouldn't be in this trouble in the first place.

Too many hide behind their computer screens and post vile things.  Sadly, one glance at yahoo and you know it's not limited to teenage girls.

Well aparently the dumb hicks in Steubenville haven't learned a thing!

"...he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim..."Is she stil an 'alleged' victim after the perpetrators have been convicted of the crime ? .. hmmm.one year? Seriously thats it?

The Ohio educational system isn't looking very good lately.

Steubenville Ohio....home of rapist and people who cover it up...nice kids ...nice parents

What if they were the victims, how would they feel?  Kudos to law enforcement!

You'd think after the boys were found "guilty" mainly for posting the evidence needed on social networks that others would learn that committing a crime and putting it on the internet for others to see is a VERY BAD IDEA...Then again that requires some intelligence.

I  bet  that  the  parents  of  these  2  #$%$  are  so  very  proud  of  them  now .

Good! Any more of you kids in Ohio want to be stupid. Really girls and if it would of been you, what am I saying there probably wouldn’t have been a rape on them, they would of done it just to be with a foot ball player... geezzzzzzzz what is wrong with you kids now days. DO YOU REALLY NOT KNOW RIGHT FROM WRONG???????

It's obvious that quite a few parents in that Ohio town have done a lousy job raising their children.

Everybody connected to the rape need to face the judge

people involved in social media have too much time on their hands... and they dont understand the consequences in most instances.Kids can be so stupid.

Alleged victim?  I thought the two young men were found guilty.  I think she is just a victim now.

What simply amazes me is it seems like this entire community turned their backs on the victim. Where are the ones who was willing to stand behind her? Maybe I'm an old fart but back in the day when things like this happened MOST people were outraged against the ones who did the crime. Has society changed that much or is it just cases like this one that gets the media attention more so than the positive stories where people actually do, maybe, stand up for victims?

It might be time to "GIVE THESE BRAIN DEAD KIDS PARENTS SOME CREDIT" for what is happening in this town.  It seems, parenting is not a skill in Steubenville !!!

Someday people will learn that social media is not your friend, not your ticket to fame, and that 2500 likes on face book does not mean you have 2500 friends lol.

When are people going to realize anything posted on a social website, in a text mesage or an e-mail can and will be considered evidence in a court of law?? I mean, really, what don't people understand about that? Not that hard to comprehend.

For all the bravado and denouncement of Stuebenville, it seems that too many have forgotten that in suburbia and cities many will not testify or even admit to having seen a crime occur. And there have been some prominent reports out of cities regarding dying persons who were ignored by passersby. So for those on their ignorantly self-aggrandizing holier-than-thou highhorse, think carefully before you point...

I have never understood why sports figures are glorified while academic achievers (they're schools, remember?) are either ignored or mocked.

What happened to the victim at the hands of these guys is a lot more common than people would think. Over the years, I have known 2 guys who, in a moment of wink-wink-nudge-nudge openness, have related incidents from their youth where they or themselves and a small group of other guys had sex with a girl after she had passed out. Up until those admissions, I had a great deal of respect for those guys. I no longer have anything to do with them. The worst part is that, to their small minds, what they did was seen as "fun" not rape. I wonder what they would think if the same thing happened to their daughters, grand-daughters or nieces?

This is what happens when a young man lets his little head do all the thinking for hisbig head!The Washington Post said that this criminal party was hosted by the head football coach at Steubenville High School. Authorities will decide next month if he should be charged! What the hell kind of cesspit is that town?!

Verbal threats used to be just that, but no one knows what someone is truly capable of or what they may lead to anymore.

Anyone involved should be held accountable. She is a human being no matter what her lifestyle is.

5 years in jail would send a good message to the wannabe thugs.

"DeWine says he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim." At this point the judge found the defendants guilty and the one kid and his father essentially admitted they had done it in comments after the verdict, so you should be able to take the "alleged' off before the victim word.

I really have to wonder how dumb kids are now a days. Do they really not understand that anything you text, tweet, or post online can use you??? They video tape themselves beating people up, stealing, or violating others and then post it online and then act shocked that they got caught. Also they seem to think that any threatening message they ill magically disappear and cant be used against them. It blows my mind but in the end maybe it is a good thing because they basically cut out all the work police have to do because they serve themselves up on a golden platter.

Stupidville! And the AP writer needs to get a clue, too. Two of the raping pieces of trash were convicted, so the girl they attacked is no longer an "alleged" victim; she's a victim!

It is time to take social media threats seriously because there are nutcases out there that will act on what they read on social media.

Wrong Wrong Wrong...iof my daughter was raped, I'd Most Likely would go to jail..for Killing the Punks~!!

Ah, the plot thickens.So they abuse and wreck a young girls life and get one year in detention?  Should have been tried as adults and sent to the big house.  I’m sure the new fish would have received a very warm welcome.

Where has plain ol common sense gone? Certainly not to Steubenville Ohio!

First, these young girls should have the book thrown at them, to the fullest extent of the law. Set the example now and, as Barney Fife would say "nip it in the bud". Also I find it amazing how anybody can think they can use social media to threaten anyone and not get caught. The internet mindset of many people, young and old, is beyond reality.

Nasty little hos. I'll bet they'd be humming a different tune if it'd happened to them. As far as the victim accusing them, she didn't have to accuse anybody. They filmed their crimes along with all the other vicious idiots in attendance and then circulated them around til everybody in Stupidville was aware of the event. You'd of thought these two dipshits would have learned from these guys getting busted through texts, emails, and forms of social media that they'd be caught and charged. Not very bright in Stupidville, are they? If football is this town's greatest claim to fame for the locals to hang onto, it all makes sense. Doesn't take a lot of smarts to play or follow.

Dimwitter and Farcebook can get you fired...

Throw their butts in jail, too.  It would be ironic if they got more time in jail than the rapists.

Defending rapists is about as dumb as one can get.

This is very sad that other girls would attack her after she was assaulted.  Do they not understand what it would be like to be in her shoes?  Did their mothers not teach them better?

try everyone involved with the cover up including the police officers. They are just as guilty as if they participated in the rape themselves.

Kids these days are so stupid!  Who makes threats like that in a case this big?  On a social media sight that anyone can access at any time?  Morons.Those girls are probably mad because maybe their parents are now paying attention to what they are doing.

"Come to Ohio - the best place to get gang-raped outside India"

Looks like it's time Steubenville parents cut the cord on the phones and the internet for the "children".

Send them to jail too

These kids in Steubenville are not the sharpest tools in the box. The boys got convicted sending text messages and now some stupid girls do the exact same thing. These are not bright kids.

After AG DeWine charged these two girls and indicated a grand jury will investigate, I bet there are a hell of a lot of teenagers and parents nervous and will be sweating out the next few months, worried if they too will be indicted.

Shut down the whole football program until these punks come forward and tell the truth. Who owns that house? They need to be questioned too. Girls can be brutal when it comes to other girls.Send these girls to juvenile detention, make an example of them.  This whole school has a problem.

"Two girls arrested Monday posted threatening Facebook and Twitter comments."ROFL   Can people really be THAT dumb?  Or maybe they think that jails are now co-ed, and they want to be roomies with the two football hunks...

tragic case of the football players running amock. no adult supervision or leadership.

I have a feeling that this is just the tip the the iceberg.  The scandle of coverups, distributing child pornography cases, ect. will go on for months.I hate to say this but I would bet her harassment is just beginning.

There are many degrees of 'bad/wrong' is this case.  The boys themselves doing what they did and doing it ON video, the boy or boys who were watching it all happen, taping it and not helping the girl or stopping the boys, the parents who.....well, there's gotta be some poor parenting there as well, the community's DISGUSTING manner of standing up for the boys even though they saw/heard that video, the girls doing the threats reported just now.Many teens are just 'messed up' and with little or no real parenting going on coupled with, in MY opinion, the most-likely LACK of these teens attending church/synagogue.  They ALL contribute to the poor/horrible actions like those of these teenagers and those who were there watching, but doing nothing to help her out.

Rocket scientists!

Did this IDIOT DEWINE say what I thought he did. THE ALLEGED VICTIM. She was and is a VICTIM of all the JERKS associated with this RAPE. If this young lady was my daughter these people would have to worry more of what I would do to them than a COURT.

town should be called stupidville

We have serious social illness in this country due to failure of education, lack of respect and responsibility, lack of sense of right and wrong in our younger generation. Steubenville, Ohio rape crime committed by the teenst has full revelation of how sick of our society has become.

So these girls from Ohio support Rape?  Are they the ones who gave the victim a Rape drug?  Where were these two girls during the rapes?  Now they are acting just like the rapists with their attitude so Post their pictures on Facebook.  Interstate threats usually are something the FBI checks out.   Look at Petraeus and that floozy down in Florida.

Amazing, the VICTIM is harassed .  Something terribly wrong here.  The two girls who did the harassing should go to jail.  What a world, the victim will probably have to leave the town to get any peace.  Sad, sad, sad,

I am sure this happens more then people realize. Technnology got them busted.

What a bunch of back country hicks we have in that town.  I did enjoy watching the rapists cry like babies to their mommy and daddy as they get carted off to prison.  They are finished.P.  Great kids come from great parents.  THAT'S what the [h]ell is wrong with this town.  To take it one step further, the school administrators and the teachers, the coaches and the business owners (who sell the liquor/ look the other way) are all the problem just as much as the parents.  Most all of the whole town is apparently that way.  Those who are not would be wise to move somewhere else before their kids get dragged down into the gutter with the rest of the town.  I lived in Mansfield and Warren Ohio back when I was in high school and let me tell you, it sounds as though not a d[amn]ed thing has changed.  They had a real bad reputation even then.

And people wonder why more rape victims don't come forward. This is so very, very sad.

Stupid kids raised by stupid parents.

From being Raped...now being bullied..,, poor kid.

If this is the sign of how low our society is sinking we are in deep kimshee.

Take away their equipment used for social media; and watch them disintegrate.  Sort of like denying life support!  Oh, and 90 days in the slammer!!

stupid twits sticking up for known rapists...

Priceless.  I wish I could have seen their faces when the police came to take them away!

Stop calling her an "alleged" victim. There was a conviction. She was definitely a victim.The two girls that made the threats need some serious psychological therapy.

just one yr in prison then what?This case just keeps growing with some very stupid, arrogant actions. If you openly break the law with witnesses and traceable evidence, you will be prosecuted - what is so difficult to understand? Who cares about a HS football squad when it comes to prosecuting for crimes? No one should as there is no money to be made there.

wow, at least a whole year in juvee. Judge must have thought they committed a real serious crime.

It's no different from what happened with the Mepham High School hazing incident.  When star football players are finally held accountable, their victims are blamed for getting them into trouble.

Hope they get a year to think about how stupid that was

We need to arrest them all, everyone who was a witness or knew of this rape and did not report it! They are guilty as well!

Good I hope they throw the book at these kids.  It is time that kids realize the consequences of all of their stupid twitter posts and texts.  They think it is all a game, so it is time they and their parents find out that it is serious to threaten or bully someone using social media.

Are these kids really stupid or just slow learners??

In Ohio there's no shortage of teenage stupidity...

How come it was not told in court about how the put the date rape drug in her first beer when she got in the car and how she was passed out cold befor she even finished her 3rd beer ?

My god... I've said it many times, get the good people out, and carpetbomb whoever is left.  GIRLS no less!Trash...  WTH would threaten this child after what she's had to endure.

Stupodville full of the village idiots.

Not many branches on the family trees.

DeWine says he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim."ALLEGED Victim"???Really?Didn't the rapists get convicted by a jury? There is no longer an accused or alleged in this case anymore. There is convicted rapists and victim.

There's too many children and too many people. Making too many problems.

I have a feeling that the arrests are going to keep going on for some time.

There are lots of football towns like this all over America.  The football makes them money and they use the kids and let them get away with murder for those funds.  Stop going to the games and being a sucker and watch the corruption end.

Looks like Facebook and Twitter turned out to be a boon for Law Enforcement in catchingM-O-R-O-N-S who like to post their moronic behavior in a public forum.

It occurs to me that this country has bred  a generation of complete idiots.  Young ones who do the most despicable things to themselves and others. Then follow it up by posting it for everyone to see, hear, and most recently convict with.

Personally I think at least 50% of the people in Stuebenville OH are guilty of something in this case.  Either knowledge of and did nothing, or cover-up, or some other crime...  Put the whole town in jail !!!!  Friggin cowards all of them...(Stoopid-vihl)

Good!!  Send them to jail!!

Failed schools + failed parents = kid failures.  This just keeps going non-stop!

Boys don't think for a moment juvee doesn't have Bubbas that will do to you what you did to that girl. Except of course, you are going to very conscious when it goes down, or should I say in.

Sadly, how many football player rapists over the decades have done the same thing and have gotten away with it? Try any town that has a football team.

easy fix, break both their legs and tell them to shut the F*** up.

looks like the second string football players and cheerleaders will get a lot of playing time next year

the boys got off with minimal sentences. They should be glad they aren't in for 10 years. Lets see if they can man up and make something good out of their lives in 10 years.

This city is more concerned about sports instead of focusing raise decent human beings."What happen to our children?"What happen to our children that would even think about doing disgusting acts?Is the easy accessibility to porn?Is it the music that degrades women?Why do children thinks it's ok the share picture of girl being raped?What happen to basic civility?

This is an example of what this country has to look forward to.A new fresh generation of  azswipesFirst off she is no longer an alleged victim. They were convicted. She is a victim.period..I hope.the ag's office cleans house there about time somebody took so real action dont tell me... are they cheerleads too?

Look at this loser Pat. Been posting on here for almost an hour. Bragging how he raped girls at Kent State &amp; how you can't be found by posting on WIFI at McDonalds. Sent a snapshot of his comments to Yahoo &amp; the FBI. He is clueless.

People are so pathetic these days. This girl was raped according to the trial. Dang I wasn't there to judge but i don't think I would want to be. My daughter was raped at 12 by a 28 yo who got off because of who his family was. 21 years later we are still struggling to to keep her together. She was forever hurt and I am not sure she is going to get thru it all.Someone threatening her? Well I could claim PTSD.

She's not an ALLEDGED victim. They were convicted. She's an actual victim.

Lock their #$%$ up to.

Time to move past calling the victim a girl who "accused" these studs of raping her.  They were convicted so she is the victim who "was" raped by these animals.

I've raised 5 boys.. (and 4 daughters). If my teen-age boys "took advantage" of a drunk girl at a party, I'd whip their #$%$ and then take them to the police myself. Come on Dad's, start teaching your boys some respect.

There are probably a whole bunch of Steubenville's located across this country except that such acts have been swept under the rug. Social media can bring out the best or the worst in people.

Maybe the steroids some of these jocks take are messing up their minds.  They seem to be lacking brains, empathy, morals and common sense.  And that's everywhere, not just in Stupidville, OH.

Witness tampering. One year in juvie. 90 years probation.Man!  This town is just full of scubmags!

Commending Mr. DeVine for arresting those who threaten this victim. These vengeful girls with conscious, mailcious, disregard have no empathy &amp; seem to have a great need to harm others in addition to a craving for negative attention. Hoping they get more than they bargained for in the way of consequencs for the actions they CHOSE. You, sir, may be just getting started.

Attorney General DeWine: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very, very much.

GOOD. Arrest them. And while they're at it, go after every cyber bully out there.

I'd like to know how many of these kids are into Rap, much of which advocates violence, from murder to rape??

they are just mad it wasn't them... das

Stoopid female canines!

Social media prevails again, now two more deserving young people are going to court. What ever happened to the morals of our children?

She was an alleged victim up until the time that the court found the defendants guilty. Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine should have said "the victim" in his statement. He should know better.

I think they can stop calling her the alleged victim since the two rapists were convicted.And it shows the absolute lack of self esteem of self worth that those two girls have that they would attack a rape victim!  #$%$ of the earth over there!the arrests in this idiotic set of events are not even close to beginning to evolve. many, many more will be forthcoming..........

Any arrests over at Fox "News", where they released the victim's name today?

Who provided the Booze to teenager's? The Rape and Video from the kid's just poured gas on the Fire.  Them 2  got off easy compared to who's responsible.

Is it OK to drink underage? Seems like it must be, because I don't  remember reading anybody getting in busted for that.

I blame the parents.  What is it going to take to get parents to stop letting their kids have carte blanche over their lives?

It's OK to rape someone if the rapists are athletes. That's the mind set in this country, and it's not limited to small towns.

Good Im glad they're charging those girls!!! This case has brought the evil out in people..

I'm kinda wondering if they might have an "inbreeding" problem in town. These people are definitely not right.

send all involved to prison, and change the town name to 'stupidville'.

If the boys were convicted, why is Yahoo referring to her as an alleged victim?Yet another reason why rape victims are afraid to come forward.... terrible that it is other GIRLS doing this to her.

Does everybody realize that this is also, a social media?

Stubenville is basically coming undone over this.

Kids have committed suicide with the vile things people say about them while they hide behind their computer. Glad to see these 2 cowards were "found out", and soon will be exposed for the coward animals they really are.

She didn't even know she was raped, until these idiots went a round bragging about it and showed evey body that video. She said she didn't want everybody to know she was raped, if these idiots would have kept their mouth shut and burned that video, she wasn't going to turn them in. These idiots convited themselves, she really had nothing to do with them getting convicted, the police got involved cause these idiots went around bragging about it and showing that video to every one, she never said a word to the police.

About time some of these low lives are punished....bullies are going to become a thing of the past if some publicity is available

Stalking..menacing...terrorizing this girl who has the courage to stand up for herself.. the really upsetting thing about the verdicts these jerks get time served on their puny sentencings!

She's not an alleged victim anymore -- they were convicted.Stupid girls. They need to learn some morals just like those boys.Hope they spend some time in juvie and then have to do community service.

Facebook is for morons. I guess that makes 90% of teens and twenty-somethings morons.

Kudos to Mike DeWine and those involved in the arrest!This town should walk around with their heads hung low and stop drinking what ever it is in the water that makes them an embarrassment to our country , very sad that the parents have guided their children in this horribla direction , sad and pathetic !

Is this a special needs school? How stupid are these people? Idiocracy is here!

the steubenville ho's wont ever learn, you cant fix stupid

Posting threats on Facebook?  Really?

The person who wrote this is calling her the "alleged" victim??

hope these girls think their comments are worth jail time.

The adults in that town do not provide any moral compass for these kids.  The kids don't even know that they are doing anything wrong.  They cry in court only after they get caught and have to face the consequences.

"Steubenville (STOO'-behn-vihl)."~uuuuhhhh........AKA...(STOO'-pud-vihl)................

NOTE TO EDITOR:Mr. Welsh-Huggins, who wrote this article, referred in his article to the "alleged victim." I'm guessing that is not a phrase an Attorney General would use once the sex offenders were convicted. This is a comment inserted by Mr W-H. Of course, as editor, you know that there is no "alleged" about it. Please inform Mr Welsh-Huggins. Between the author of this piece and CNN, the two offenders have been defended by journalists who diminish their offense more than is necessary...or just.

They need to level any charges they can against the #$%$ Parents.....The good ol boy,football thugs will destroy this girl and her family,

Traci Lords grew up in Steubenville, according to an interview she did with Piers Morgan. She's the only "famous" person the town can lay claim to. Figures.

This country is so going down the toilet.

She's no longer an "alleged" victim once the defendants are convicted.  She is now a victim.

Can't you just see these mean girls now.  Banging on the door of their cell in Jefferson County Juvenile Detention Center demanding their cellphones.  Threatening to get their football player friends to beat up the guards if they don't let them go.  Telling people that they know the head coach and he will get them in big trouble, because he knows everybody and can pull strings.  Oh, to see that scene.  Small town reality meets the real world.   "Where is the coach?  He'll get us out!"

How stupid can people be???  Lock em up with the two guys...let them live it out.,

Schools teaching football worship for the money it brings in.  Parents are suckers for buying into it.  Quit going to the games and see how quick the culture of corruption ends.

The authorities should post pictures, addresses, and e-mail addresses of those 2 girls so they can get a dose of their own medicine.

The "alleged' victim ?  Seems to me, once these guys were convicted of raping her, she is simply the victim, no longer "alleged" victim.  Seems some people are in denial about whether this crime actually happened.  Or is it just political correctness run amok?  I think it's the latter.

These boys got off with a slap on hand they better thank thier lawyers it didnt go to adult court or they would have gotten 10yrs or more so sad that they thought rape her was cool also the others that stood by should be prossecutedPut them in Jail!!

what the hell kind of people live in this town? where raping a girl is seen as nothing long as the football team is winning. what freakin losers and low lives!

"DeWine says he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim." Hasn't the conviction of the two football players proven there is no "alleged?"  Are we still doubting the story????

I feel so very sorry for the victim of this case.  I hope she can persevere and will put this behind her someday.  Hard to believe so many saw what was happening and No one does the decent thing.  Sometimes I am ashamed to be part of the so called "Human" race......

What's really strange is that this is an example of Digital Ignorance. Kids raised with the Internet think that they can use this electronic medium to post hostile messages and face no consequences. As a result you have young people boasting about drunken driving, Tweeting jury liberations, engaging in Cyber-Bullying, or, in this case, sending threats. The idea that this is illegal, or that they will be tracked and punished never even enters their mind!It is as though they believe that the Internet trumps cause-and-effect!

Witness intimidation should be charged very similarly as the original crime... along the line of attempted murder when a person tries, but fails, to kill. There is no room for this crime... if they're guilty, throw the book at them and let them toil for at least as long as the actual perps.

There's a special place in hell for women who don't help other women

Start thrownen #$%$ in jail and they will wise up real quick ! Bunch of thugs need raped by a gang of HIV positive maximum security prisoners, including the little twits on facebook !

I know most of you are thinking what I am. Who and why the threats are coming.

This is a town right out of a horror movie.  Pure evil.Anyone who threatens a victim such a this young girl needs some serious counseling and maybe jail time themselves - parents teach your kids please to have compassion for victims - these boys didn't cry when they were doing this - only for themselves now that they are caught- they will survive but hopefully learn you cannot commit a crime and not pay

So much for sisterhood.  I know if I ever have to drive thru Ohio, and I really hope I don't, I will make sure I avoid going anywhere near this crazy town.  What a bunch of idiots.Can't wait to find out just how much the school officials and coaches knew about this.Something tells me they are not sleeping very well right now.  GOOD!And to the air head making threats to this 16 yr old girl.  Mommy and daddy must be so proud.

Question: Will these girls recieve a harsher punishment than the convicted rapists? A sentence of at least a year in juvenile prison seems to be extremely lenient for repeated rape. What sentence will these girls get for posting threats against the perpetrators' victim?

So that's what a "pig's kin" is!

They say it takes a village to raise a child, and the village that raised these kids has apparently taught them that to excuse rape, to protect rapists, and to intimidate victims into silence.

Here is what is screwed up, these guys raped a girl and only got a year in a juvinile detention center. Now let some other man be caught with a picture of a 16 year old girl that he never met before flashing her boobs on his computer and hes going away for 10 years to a real prison for child porn, then will have to be registered as a sex offender.

There are a lot of cities and towns with football teams.  Today, many will quake in shame and fear that their sins will be exposed in like fashion, as well they should.

Man oh man the kids of today are not to bright.

Jail time for all involved......

Please indict the whole stupid town asap and save the tax payers a lot of time and money!Lmfao them kids r really stupid in Steubenville

would have been nice if this article would have told us what the threatening comments were.

The boys were convicted; doesn't that make her an actual, as opposed to "alleged", victim?

Classy move girls.  Enjoy your stay in juvi retention!

To be so young and so morally depraved -- it's frightening !!

Kids these days...........

This girl needs to pack up and move to a sane place. You just cannot fix stupid.

This girl and her family will more than likely have to move after this now. People in that little town will make life for them a living h.e.l.l.  When they (the ones covering it up) should be ashamed!! Trying to cover a rape so they can win football games?!?!

To all people that think football players (and other jocks) are heroes:This is on you! This is what your worship of the all mighty jockstrap does to our kids.Yes! Our Kids! My kids, your kids, their kids, OUR kids!(NOTE: I do not think jocks are any worse (or better) or any dumber (of brighter) than the rest of us. I just think the FAILED - WANTA-BE - jocks that worship sports are hurting us all!)

if they were convicted then the girl isn't the alleged victim , but the victim !It's about time that prosecuting attorneys start taking this type of stupidity seriously.  I hope they nail every single person culpable in this case.

Were they charged with drinking and driving as well???

You would think that these girls might have been smarter than to use social media to make threats... didn't they learn anything from all of this?

Could any woman posting a comment on this article explain why girls would do this to another girl who was sexually assaulted by a male?

Al Bundy would not even boast about being part of the Steubenville football team.

It's a total horror movie plot.

Steubenville hasn't been the same since Dean Martin moved to California.

book 'em Danno

As a father of two girls, I think I can speak for a number of fathers reading these comments when I say the punishment they would receive will not be meted out by the justice system.  Wait a year, so what....but they will pay for what they did in a way they will never forget.

Geeezz, is everyone from this neck of the woods #$%$?There must be a lot of trailer parks in Steubenville.

is that town "children of the corn"?

Correction to the story: it's not "(STOO'-behn-vihl)". More like (stoop-pen-vihl)

Dewine looks like he  had a glass pipe  less than an hour before the pic'!

They should be thanking God there Kids,They would have gotten 20 yrs if adults....

The victim did not 'accuse' the convicted rapists of attacking her.  She was told by others that criminal sexual assaults were perpetrated on her as documented by tweets, texts, open confessions on videos on Youtube, and instragram photos.   Her mother went to the police stattion to file a complaint.  A crime was commited against her whether she was conscious at the time or not.  These registered sex offenders may have supporters, but they have been convicted in open court with a fair trial.  They can play sports in lock up.

There's schools use the football kids to make money for the schools.  They then turn a blind eye to all these kids wrong doings.  Parents get suckered in too.  Time to skip the school games and watch the corruption end.  It's the only way to end it; cut off the $$$.

And the media can be directly to blame for releasing the name/identity of the victim.

Put their photos on the front page.

Face Booked Again. The common twits will never understand the power of Big Brother and his ability to reach out and #$%$ your ash up from out of nowhere.Did these girls want to train in combat even before joining the Military? Pope Francis will become the role model for all boys.

A-O, where did you go, Ohio?

Threatening the victim on facebook after social media was already used to help convict the rapists. These girls should at least be sent away just for being stupid.

Teenagers have #$%$ for brains, I know, I was one. But I never had the depraved indifference that these kids are showing.and that is nurture letting nature run rampant.

Where oh! where has all the INTELLIGENCE gone...from todays teens?

They should officially change the name to Stupidville.  First, the victim doesn't know she's raped.  Then the punks who commit the crime post the evidence all over.  Now a couple of girls threaten the victim in writing!!!  Can anyone act any stupider?

this is a serious case......and kids better stop acting up.   This is not a joke.

Can someone please sneak and dump some birth control chemicals into the Stupidville water supply?

People should just leave this girl alone. She was just guilty of being around some young jerks instead of decent kids.

Good.I hate internet tough guys ( girls)Wow kids are stupid these days..

Why in the hell would these girls threaten the rape VICTIM???  What the hell is wrong with all these people?  This girl was raped and then humiliated and now she's being threatened!  I hope justice is served on all this filthy, nasty people!

Next up look for indictments handed down against a coach or coaches and some parents

Those nasty punkettes use the social media for anti-social behavior.  They should not be allowed access to such technology.

Can't wait for these two to start crying like little babies.

Way to go!  Keep on knocking them down one at a time, don't forget the officials and "adults" who knew and covered it up.  This is a model for the right national response to rape.  Let's be crystal clear who are the criminals and who are the victims and make sure the criminals get the punishment they've earned......and while we're at it, could someone please just throw Lindsey Lohan in jail where she belongs and stop with the plea bargaining?  If she were anybody else she'd be in jail already for the number of times she's broken parole....

2903.21 Aggravated menacing.(A) No person shall knowingly cause another to believe that the offender will cause serious physical harm to the person or property of the other person, the other person’s unborn, or a member of the other person’s immediate family.(B) Whoever violates this section is guilty of aggravated menacing. Except as otherwise provided in this division, aggravated menacing is a misdemeanor of the first degree. [...]

The guy on the right looks messed up on Quaaludes. I wonder where he got 'em?

Wow, makes you wonder who/which one was "bonking" the rapists, doesn't it?Wonder how one of those girls would have felt "laid out" for all to see; spread all over the social media sites, etc.; IF it was them.Jail time ladies.... you don't harass a victim of rape not matter how stupid she was to put herself in that position in the first place. She was raped by guys way more sober then her!Damn when I was a kid we didn't rape idiots like this girl... we took them home...

Sodom and Gamorrah and SteubenvillePerhaps it's time for Ohio parents, and all parents who KNOW that their children are cold and callous, to sit down and explain what life is all about.  Happiness doesn't come from bullying, feeling temporarily powerful or popular, threats, assaults or any form of violent behavior.  Happiness comes from learning how to cope, how to problem solve, how to compromise and how to forgive.  Get it, parents?  Oh, but you probably live lives as miserable as your children because you lack those very skills and qualities.  Pity.

What'd they say? You can't just give us a cliffhanger like this!

[sarcasm] Glad to see the parents of the two convicted boys taught them right from wrong and good, sound morals and ethics. [/sarcasm]  Also, who bought all the alcohol for the party?  If it was an adult(s), they should be prosecuted, and if it was a store that sold the liquor to underage kids, then they should be prosecuted.  A lot of people made a lot of stupid decisions.

The Steubenville gene pool just keeps giving.....

Time to boycott school football.  Join a sport at the local town or church.  Schools are making money off these kids and in turn, are turning a blind eye to their criminal behavior.  Boycott the school games and end the corruption.  It's the only way to end it.

In Antigo, WI, members of the high school administrative and coaching staff were recently arrested for the use and traffic of illegal drugs. It required federal investigators to get them, since the local law enforcement would not do its job.You can be assured, there is a similar situation in Stupidville.

This young ladies life is ruined forever unless she can escape this town and start anew, with a little more smarts and picks her friends a little more carefully.  If she stays where she is at they will never leave her alone, what a shame.  She is trully a victim twice.

Wait until the home owners are convicted of allowing underage drinking at their residence, this is far from over.

Have their parents share the prison cell with them.  They all deserve it!

some in the media are saying the boys have compassion because they're crying. no they 're crying because they got caught. they and all the parents and friends that covered it up are pigs and should all be punished. shame on them all.u wish to act like adults, party's , having sex, then u should be charged as a adult for adult behavior.

Folks just do not learn by other fools mistakes.

Slam the b-words! A news source whose name I don't remember said the rape was set up by a girl who disliked the victim. Allegedly, one of them put the victim's name online. There was a photo of the informer and she looks meaner than hell.

Steubenville High School Vision Statement (taken from there home page)Given the tradition, uniqueness and cultural diversity of Steubenville High School, each student will be afforded opportunities to prosper as lifelong learners in a global society.The acts of your some of your students showed they are NOT READY FOR A GLOBAL SOCIETY!!!

Oh, I so glad these snippy little gals have had their noses tweaked.

"Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said the girls arrested Monday posted threatening Facebook and Twitter comments on Sunday..."This is great! We now have self-incriminating idiots! Law enforcement must love it.

Wow this case is just getting bigger and bigger...

Send them to jail. We need to send a message to these kids that this kind of behavior will not be tolerated.

I take it there nothing better to do in Steubenville for SOME kids is drink alcohol and do drugs while the parents are out doing who knows what

Stupid is as stupid does kiddies........................in this article it says :"  alleged victim."not 1 million percent positive of the rape???

Hope both these girls go to jail and all involved. What is wrong with the world?

When will people realize you can not make threats against people over the internet?

I think this explains what happened all the way around. Obviously there is absolutely no parental involvement in any of these kids lives.

No buddy should be raped..

Football culture is bankrupt culture.

they  got off lite.  they should  have gotten  a lot more time.  maybe  now all the other boys will think with  the  head on there shoulders  and  not in  there pants.and they need to leave the girl alone. she did nothing wrong.

Another example of how people from ohio are very dangerous, sicko's.  And how the kids of today would be better off being raised by a wild pack of dogs than the so called parents that breed these horrible children.  We would have never thought of acting like this when i was young..and tyat wasnt that long ago.  But i guess since you cant disapline your own children or risk going to jail...things can only get worse.

Kids and their technical devices...its doing more damage to our kids than help..Have you seen what some toss out over Cell Phone, and Face Book and Twitter???Do our kids even know how to talk face to face any more...

"DeWine says he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim"...If the court decided they are guilty, that makes her more than "alleged" according to the law.If you threaten someone you should receive the same sentence as if you had actually carried out whatever it is you threatened to do.

If you have ever been to Steubenville you'd understand this a lot better.

Can I menace without being aggravated. I feel really calm right now.

send them all to prison,or shoot them in the street

After the court decides guilt and sets a sentence upon the perpertrator(s) the alleged crime is no longer "alleged."  And the victim is a victim - not an "alleged" victim.  Now, if you insist, it might be more appropriate to refer to the parents of these criminals and others who did not try to stop it or report it as "alleged parents."  That seems to be an accurate statement.

The article says "alleged victim". She was proven to be a victim. There is nothing "alleged" about that any more. Be accurate in writing news! OH, Wait...like that's gonna happen.

Parents don't let the schools suck you in $$$.  Say no to school football.  Let the corruption end now.

The "coach" that hosted the original party where the vile youthsgot drunk should be in jail on a much longer sentence than a year?Twenty without parole would be justified.  i'll bet he defended hisbig brave football players too!  great leadership example for youngmen and women....ugh...

Eggball "culture" = vulgarism.

How dumb can they get?Smack the parents.

Likely some of the stupid sluts that tramped around with these molesters in the past.

I swear other girls do this "blame the victim" stuff because as long as it's "her own fault" or she's a "liar" the other girls can go on believing that it will never happen to them.

I hope the parents are proud of their boys.the 2 girls should do jail too.makes you wonder what kind of kids will be coming out of that time..

yahoo does NOT enter all of my comments ?????

Kudos for tech; nowhere for the criminals and their acts to hide anymore.

For all of those sick, immoral people who tried to make this case go away. Or who harassed the victim and tried to turn the case against her,  I'm hoping that there are still decent people out there who find this repulsive.The problem with America is the people, not anything else.  We've always had our fair share of immoral idiots, but when they become the majority, we've pretty much lost everything.

DUMB continues to grow!!! Post pictures, videos, threats, and you leave a tracable trail and YOU WILL GET CAUGHT!!!!!!!

There need,s to be a message sent Put them in an institution, Is it true one of these sick little girl,s is related to one of the rapist Some family if it,s true and that in it self lies the problem

What is it with this clown town.  People produce the evidence against themselves.  The convicted rapists were bragging about how much they humiliated the girl and said 'the coach will take care of it.'  They laughed at the pictures they produced of themselves abusing her thinking it would be big trouble for her.  The comedian on the Youtube video was so witty and so quick, no wonder he had an academic scholarship to college.  One of the sex offenders apologized for send the pictures, but not for the rape that he bragged about at first in his own tweets.  Oh cruel irony, why must you be so ironically cruel.  What has gone wrong in clown town?What I don't' understand is WHY people post things like threats and such on the net?  I mean, why don't they just go up the the Police station and tell them to their face what they did?

You can't fix stupid.

Wondered why all the women were so quiet in this case. You would have thought they would have stepped in and helped there lady friend. You would think this is the only woman that lives in that town.

"DeWine says he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim."  ALLEGED victim?  Her rapists were found guilty in a court of law; that removes the word alleged from the story...or it should.

The whole town may end up in jail. ................... Maybe they should!

I'm sure a certain college coach will have a limo waiting for them.

If the victim lived in WVA, but was assaulted in OH, why wasn't this a Federal case?

Certainly hope this is the beginning of a long long list of criminal charges being brought against both adults and teens alike. Cant even conceive what the victim must be going through. The fact that these teens are so callous is an indication of the parents mentality and moral values. How many more times is the victim going to have to endure the emotional trama of the ordeal? And now threats from peers. This is unbelievable!!! Wish to thank the ohio attorney general.s office for staying on top of these crimes and having no tolerance for the actions stemming from the victim.s willingness to bring justice to her related criminal injuries. Who of us can even phantom what she has been through? No one!  This entire case makes me want to do something for her to let her know the majority of the country is so proud of her for her testimony and strength.  Its a good thing i am not the judge these criminals are going to have to stand before.

OMG, they can find out who you are from your social networking account?  "Stupid"

She told a friend she did not want any one to know she was raped, she didn't even know herself, she was raped until these punks started bragging about it and showing all her friends and their friends the video they made while doing it, she said most of the town and a buch of her so called used to be friends hate her now, cause the whole town worships the football team, if these punks would have kept their mouth shut and not shown any one that video, she was willing to let them get away with it, she said the rape isn't as bad as loosing a bunch of your friends and having most the people in the town you live in hate you, but once the law got involved and these punks showed every one the video they made, then she had no choice in the matter, it was out of her hands. These stupid punks dug their on grave and convicted themselves, she was willing to let it go, if they kept their month shut. They should go to gail for being stupid, It would be like getting away with murder and then go around bragging about it.Good!! Now print their names..

I hope that they are being punished for real threats and not something like hoping that the bird of paradise flies up her nose.I'm more interested in the coach and whoever served the alcohol. Stuff like that. I consider them just as guilty.

ALLEGED VICTIM? stupidville should be closed.Along with anyone at the AP who let this ANDREW WELSH-HUGGINS piece go without editing.

"Alleged" victim? I think it's been proven the girl was an actual victim, not an "alleged" victim.

how about going after the adults who provided the alcohol that ruined these childrens lives??!!

Ghetto trash. ..lol

"Alleged victim"  ?  There was a conviction.   Editor..?

Looks like Anonymous might need to get involved again.  If the world gets to treat these people as they treat others, it wouldn't upset me any.

Why are we not surprised to hear FB mentioned?

I still think the football players got off too easy.  They should have gotten at least 3 years.  The town people need to do a better job of teaching their children about right and wrong, and stop letting kids get away with everything.  I hope this will follow them there entire life.  Vengance is mine sayeth the Lord!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!2+2=4 there will soon be more..

These are not kids or boys. They are young men and women.

These creeps have been found guilty and received their joke one year sentences, yet the media remains so in their corner that it continues to refer to their victim as the "alleged" victim.

Steubenville has officially changed its name to  STUPIDVILLE, OIHO    :)

Ohio, what's up.

Stupidville is as Stupidville does.

She is no longer an alleged victim.  I wonder how all these sympathy pigs for the boys would feel, if their sister, daughter or Mother got drunk and these guys took advantage of them.  Being drunk doesn't give anyone the right to take advantage of you, EVER!  They knew what they were doing, including videoing the dam(n) thing.

This town just don't get it. Sad

Two fools have been CONVICTED of rape!  The "alleged" victim is no longer "alleged."  Get a clue AP.

I really think social media has made young people even stupider. Do they really think they're anonymous. Frigging morons!Guess those 2 dumda-- girls were mad because they didnt get their shot at being raped and abused by the rape gang   Grow up idiots there is nothing to be proud of in that town

Part of the blame can go to the media for turning these two into poor little kids who despite their worldliness and ability to find the parties with drunk girls are still naive and didn't really know how serious things would get.

Steubenville (STOO-PID-VIHL). Did CNN catch the Steubenvill stupid virus?

2 girls whose moms should have swallowed instead of giving birth to 2, who will NEVER be anything more than high school football groupies.

Sad story

This country is in a sad place, when kids do such disguisting acts and their parents act like they shouldnt be punished.

When I first read about this case I did a bit more hunting around and found a long textual summary and video of factors around this case. What I found was extremely disturbing, and I'm not referring to images, video, or social media posts detailing the actual incident itself.It was interviews with the local police chief and several other local leadership types - all appeared to want to hush the entire incident and protect the rapists. Pathetic. I am assuming the victim wasn't their child.So 2 of the many offenders are actually given a minor sentence, and the rest of the crew walks. The police and others who attempted to coverup the incident go on with their lives.And the victim has her life ruined for ever and continues to be abused.

5,000 children getting raped each year.in usa how come they dont get this much attention

Maybe I'm old fashioned but my parents taught me that no meant NO.  I believed them.  While it often ended in disappointment in the end it seems to have been good advice.

Everyone needs to remember and thank the "Anonymous  hacking group" for breaking this story to begin with when the school and the police department refused to do their job. This what has been seen as clear cut cover up.Zero tolerance for criminal behavior.

Apparently the teens in this town didnt learn anything about social media helping convict you in a crime. If my teens acted like ANY  of the teens that are involved in all of this they better hope their soul is Gods because their butts would be mine. Good grief disconnect the internet to this entire town.

Am I missing something with this whole deal. We know the girl was all jacked up but they took advantage of her and raped her and then the one kid posted a picture of her of her nude. They knew what they were doing and even took it to another scale by posting and degrading this girl. The stupid thing is there were alot of people there that seen the whole incident and said or did nothing just as the 2 girls making threats. WhY?

I hope those parents should be held responsibility for there sweet kids.  When they were found guilt they only was thinking of themselves. Parents of the boys should have to pay for the victim bills and counseling

Wow really, do you think it's the town that "produces" these kids hahaha. But I am happy to see the authorities taking charge and holding people accountable. If only we could find a way to hold parents as accountable!!

I wish my gender could drop the cattiness and cruelty aimed at other women. It's so sad - and maddening.

Is the victim still considered to be "the alleged victim" after her rapists are convicted?

Do they need to send the whole town back to school to learn some manners and etiquette.

Publish. Their. Names.

Liberalism in schools equals ignorance, abortion, rapists, murderers.  What is wrong with reading "Thou shalt not kill" on a school wall?  Kicking the Ten Commandments out of schools has a price!Guys, if a girl under the age 18 fall out drunk around you, immediately call the police. She'll call you a snitch and hate your guts but you'll be able to live your future in a greater harmony with society. A little bit a stinky gooey is not worth it.

Cool...  they really need to play hard with those idiots who harrass others for any reason.. These girls are as guilty as the football players who assulted the poor victim. Unfortunately though... even a light harrassment conviction would get more time than the jerks that molested her. If they only got a year.. harrassment must be like.. a day...  duhh..

Every life form in Steubenville needs to be spayed and neutered. Each story on this town make that place look worse and worse.  They should just call it "Deliverance."

Whats it gonna take for people to wake-up? bringing back chain-gangs might be a place to start!

Don't any of these red(n)eck idiots have two bloody brain cells to rub together?

The schools use the football kids to make money for the schools.  They then turn a blind eye to whatever they do wrong.  Stop being a sucker and going to the games and watch the culture of corruption stop.

Keep those girls incarcerated as long as possible, only way to deter other idiots.

No one seems interested in raising their children anymore.  Both parents, if there are even two in the house, are likely working multiple jobs to make ends meet.  The problem is with where the parents decide those 'ends' are.  In order to have a late model car, 50+" TV, latest greatest game console with 5-10 $60 games, the current pad/phone phenomenon, and $100+ for shoes they outgrow in 4 months children have become their own caretakers.  And then people are surprised when their children act selfish and uncaring, or even worse as is demonstrated in Steubenville and a thousand other US cities daily.

The kids of this town could possibly be the dumbest kids in America.

I see Steubenville is in the race to become the next stereotype for inbred hicks and gutter trash.that is what happens when mom and dad dont care what the kids are doing. if you cant do the time dont do the crime

boo hoo

Throw them in jail for a year too.  I'm sure no one will miss those wretches.

Two girls... check out saltsman utubes..two girls on that..one a total pig.. these girls give mean girls a bad name!

Liberal progressive ideology destroying  the moral fabric of America

So the beat goes on in Steubenville, a community and its' residents who still obviously haven't got the message.

2 Idiots

Dean Martin is spinning in his grave.

Just Young and Dumb has risen to a new level, now described as being Just Steubenated.

a year? jeez once again athletes win. high school college or professional-- they all think they can get away with anything--and they usually doSteubenville (STOO'-behn-vihl):  WRONG.Steubenville (STOO'-pid-vihl):  RIGHT.

that town is full of whackos---anyone there have any common sense?

football is it really worth it america,there,s more to life than a football star,this country needs to get real with life,sports in america is not what life is about,raise your child to respect.

Those convicts should get life without parole so they cannot get out And do This to any other ladie. I am praying for the victoms, also every other person involved,

Only put things on the internet that you want the world to see. The same for cell phones, if you want and exspect privacy, stay off all media.

Faithful Big Red Cheerleaders.

the rapists get one year and when they turn 21 their juvenile records get sealed. Those kids got a slap on the wrist for what they did to that girl.  I saw on another report where the one rapist said " my life is ruined". Cry me a river WAHHHHH.  You and your #$%$ friend ruined the victims life forever.  The thing is those kids could careless what happened to that girl.  What kind of parents to these kids have?  No remorse for their actions.

Maybe Steubenville, Ohio needs to enforce or enact a law that bans cousins from breeding.

Skin these #$%$Trailer Trash !

TWITter and FAKEbook... Way to go, morons!The guys were convicted and sentenced, so why are they still calling her the "alleged" victim?

@Donnie. They posted threats. Who cares what the details are...

Why is the poor girl still being called the alleged victim? EVERYBODY knows the 2 punks did it..The one punk even said I am sorry in the courtroom for what they did..Only sorry since they were caught but an admission non the less..I give the girls family credit for not taking matters in their hands, I would have..Now there are cyber bullies threatening this poor girl? Maybe check the drinking water in that town, people there are becoming stupid daily..

"alleged victim"? The rapists were CONVICTED! ... "alleged" is over! She is and was a VICTIM of these sports-minded teen-aged rapists.STOP TRIVIALIZING RAPE!!!

I have a feeling this is only going to get uglier.  And this young victim may see and hear most of it.  She will need a lot of love and support over these next several years from a lot of people.And glad to see that these sleeze balls will be registered sex offenders for the REST OF THEIR LIVES!!!  Hope the young adults are paying attention to this tragedy and learn some life lessons from it!!

Kids my #$%$. I knew not to do such nasty stuff to others at that age. I was married and employed and acting like a responsible human. Still am. These males KNEW what they did was wrong. They were accustomed to getting away with it. That's pathetic.

This entire case has turned into a ball of snakes and it all started with a wimp DA.

Seems to be a lot of low life in Ohio.  I guess this is the new America.

Stam Dunk these two girls..

What do you expect from Ohio,send these boys to prison,her life is messed up

Kicking Jesus Christ out of our schools is not wisdom!  Any surprise that children are turning into monsters?

The fine folks at FOX even 'ACCIDENTALLY' revealed the girl's name.

It is scary to me that they imply that poor means there aren't morals. My family had zero dollars for anything other than food and rent. We were poor! Yet we were taught how to treat our fellow man. Compassion was on the forefront of our family. Where are the parents in this situation? Scary to me that young adults can't figure out right and wrong.

They might consider sending those two girls to go 'play' with the boys in prison.

Ummm,correct me if i'm wrong but The animals were found guilt,so the girl isn't a "alleged victim" she is the victim......

1 year for rape, would say the punks got off easy....Don't care if they even know what a football is, they need to learn right from wrong first and these rednecks who support them are not much better....Really don't care if the team wins a game this year, this girl will suffer for years to come

Dumb-dee-dumb-dumb...

She's no longer an 'alleged' victim. The guys were convicted.

Probably girls in that town have no parents!Though them in the pool too. THAT'S WHY NOBODY SAID ANYTHING !B---hes like THAT !  CHARGE THEM UP !

Did anyone notice how the media was overcome with emotion for the boys but few mentioned the victim?  I was POed to say the least!!!!

Time to get EVERBODY who was involved.....anyone who watched it and did NOTHING......Every parent that furnished alcohol...any person who made THREATS....Any coach or staff that kept quiet.....Any person that knew and FAILED to do ANYTHING...MY THEY ALL BURN IN A SLOW ROAST IN HELL.........

two brain cells...and they don't work together

I hope they through the book at these girls, where in the hell are the parents in all of this they are just as guilty as any of these children. You learn by copying what you are taught.

Rape + assault = 1 year ... That is incredible. These "kids", not just the rapists but the film crew and witnesses, and their families should all be held accountable. This girl was assaulted, raped, and then left lying unconscious on the floor after they also urinated on her. These are not "normal" kids from "normal" families. These are some very sick and twisted kids from some very screwed up families. As for this town... anybody who supports these boys and their friends needs a whipping themselves. One very screwy town full of some very stupid, ignorant people.

What is an "alleged victim"? I understand using the term in conjunction with a perpetrator, innocent until proven guilty and all that, but in conjunction with the victim? That doesn't make sense. It's like she's on trial to prove her status as a victim.

Nothing like a little jail time to teach these girls some manners

I hope they get everyone in that town. someone bought the Booz, gave them a place to party, and you kno other people seen and or where involved.

These subsequent threats AGAINST THE VICTIM coupled with 16 UNCOOPERATIVE WITNESSES from this heavily sports influenced culture of this town and college is reminiscent of Penn State's callous indifference and attempted cover up of sex abuses ALSO involving minors.THIS ABSOLUTELY MUST BE CRUSHED OUT OF EXISTENCE !!!!Throw the book at these girls, make an example of them !!!This attorney general wants to give drivers licenses to all the illegal aliens.  I guess it's easier for him to play "monitor" for teenage parties !

how come this girls parents arent being tried for child endangerment???? why was she out at 4 in the morning????? and how did she get so drunk???? if members of a university allow football to go off campus and commit crimes (MIP) sure there was a curfew violation...... and the university can get slapped with the "lack of institutional control" then why are her parents not falling under that same premise????? i think her parents should take the blame for some of this too.

If the sex was consentual, then I say she deserved the threats and bullying, but it wasn't, she was forced, and they should be comforting her, not making her feel worse and guilty

So these two boys get convicted of rape largely because of posting made on social media sites, and the first thing these two genius’s do is make threats on social media sites. I don’t understand the stupidity of this young generation and the parents raising them.

There is no "alleged" about this.They were found guilty.

A judge sentenced the players to at least a year in juvenile prison. A grand jury will look into whether others broke the law by not speaking up after the attack last summer.Great arrest. Some more needs to be arrested too. Bullies should be arrested. They need some serious TIME Out In confinement for a period of time. They need to be confined for at least 30 days made to listen 24/7 to my favorites, Beethoven, Bach, Mozart’s, music I think they would not like.

I can't believe that the homeowner's where the rape occurred have not been charged w/ supplying alchohol to minors &amp; for overseeing the whole #$%$?

just more of the Steubenville culture.  Those folks have of clean up.   How sad.

i support!

That does it! I'm canceling my week-long family vacation I wasgoing to take in Stupidville, Ohio! Let's make that place's tourismtrade really hurt as a protest, folks!Football is God!

Let me get this straight.  Bunch of vile jocks and clueless people around them videotape the abuse of a girl.  Video and tweets end up on social media.  Rapists get convicted.  Rapist supporters use social media to threaten the victim.  Apparently the mentally challenged people in this town learned nothing about using social media and how easily anything posted can be traced back to the poster.  What a bunch of dumb people.

what about the girl,she has a voice,these other,s are dirt bags

coach needs his job,so he lets them do what ever,these coach,s just want a win ,so they will look good,what a shame,sick humans

Wow, stupidville sounds like a wonderful place!  Perhaps we could cut out the whole town and ship it over to Iraq.  They'd fit in well there.

"DeWine says he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim."The boys have convicted that means she is no longer an alleged victim.

The girls charged with making the threats will get more time than the boys that did the rape.

This is not just one town or state. These little drama Kings and Queens learned this somewhere. Does anyone think that maybe some better parental guidance would have made some difference? Social media can be a good thing but left too much to it's own in the wrong hands can be devastating. The simple teaching of some manners and respect for others would go a long way to mitigating some of this.

A couple of stupid little ho bags. No respect for anyone or anything including their parents. The little bichs think the world revolves around them and their pitiful lives. Lock em up for awhile, maybe 3-4 yrs or so in the state pen.

They also neeed to be prosecuted to the letter of the law, somehow this town needs to get the message that what happened was wrong.It sounds like social services needs to set up a permanent headquarters in Steubenville. The whole place must be crawling with imbeciles bent on doing harm to others .The Football coach even threatened  a reporter “You’re going to get yours. And if you don’t get yours, somebody close to you will.”  This is just nuts....

Ah yes... Stupidville's populace is still in the news I see. How many more moronic individuals inhabit that wasteland? Is it possible that there is simply too much inbreeding? Toss these #$%$ into juvenile detention and deliver a clear message to the rest of the idiots of that city that threats of violence are unacceptable in a CIVIL society. Evidently Stupidville's folks just don't seem to get it.

How much do you wanna bet that the girls issuing threats get more time in juvie than the rapists do!?

She's not an "alleged" victim!  They were convicted for raping her.  She is a victim!  Stop making light of what happened to her.  You news reporters are beyond disgusting in how you cover this case.

One of the worst problems we have in the country is that "school districts" are especially responsible for not making it public knowledge the increasing issue's we have with the hate crimes being committed in our schools. Thus the reason we have more animals running the streets. Add the idiot parents who also overlook what their little monsters do......well, there you have it.

Stupidity at its best.  Note to the rest of the stupid people:  please do the same thing as these two girls did so more of you will be off the streets.

This is going to get ugly before it gets pretty.

Where the hell were the adults in the house where this all took place did they know a damn wild party was going on were the out of town or out to dinner , or just didnt give a #$%$.

What is wrong parents today? 50 years ago when I was a teenager we didn't rape or bully. Today, teenage rape and bullying is rampant. We had guns when I was a teen. We went target shooting and occasionally hunted with our dad, but we didn't go to school and massacre our classmates. My parents did not assume I would choose right over wrong, they schooled me in doing right, acting right, shunning those who did wrong. My babysitter was a person not a TV or laptop. I spent more time with my parents than I did with my friends. The answer lies in the home. Don't assume your child is acting correctly when out of your sight--pay attention; don't assume your child would never touch drugs--pay attention; don't assume your child would never bully--believe the teachers when they tell you they are.

Read the article even after they have been found guilty the attorney general Dewines does not believe they are guilty. "DeWine says he hopes the arrests end harassment of the alleged victim."  alleged victim?Now the future rapists attack girl , bang their ball with a hammer ! #$%$They have sexual issues withtheir Mothers , they shouls be watchedHey #$%$ I can Give You some Brooklyn Justice !

People people people think before you do most things.....it really is that SIMPLE

Good. Lock 'em up. Where is the sense? Threatening a girl who spoke up when she was raped? What is wrong with this generation??

Nice how people and all these REPORTERS, ESPECIALLY CNN, are making the victim of these men raping her the bad guy.  And people warning to be careful with social media???? oh my God.  It is horrible. Thank God for social media and these boys will pay for what they did to her SHE Deserves for them to be punished! What is wrong with people.  Oh my God.

Put the girls in the same cell with there two rapist buddies

Change the name of this town to Stupidsville, because apparently nobody there has got any common sense at all.

I hope these girls get the same as what the boys got. Teenage bullying and cyber bullying has went sky rocket over the past 5 years. They need to make an example of these and other people who wants to taunt her. She has already been abused, humiliated, tormented, brutalized and moraley dragged down, and most of the parents thinks it's OK because their sons are big time star football players there.A matter of fact, put ALL OF THEM in front of a firing squad with NO blind folds...... And NO last cigarette. They didn't give her that generous gesture.....

Stupidity runs deep in Stupidville Ohio. What in hell were these girls thinking, girlfriends or wish they had been lucky enough to be raped by these two jerks.

These guys thought they were high and mighty and above the law. They need to cry; they need to be locked up for a long time. So should the ones who sat by and watched. This town sucks putting stinking football players before the law. If they do it once; they will do it again! Little #$%$ rich kids

Once there are criminal convictions, is the victim still an "alleged" victim?Wonder if these are the same 2 Who testified against her? Called her a liar and said she cant be trusted. If so God is Just and the rest is soon to come.  \m/(-_-)\m/

What is so depraved about this crime is not just that it happened (which is horrible enough), but that these guys were proud of it and their community supports them. People criticize parents like me for protecting our teenagers from "The Real World." Guess what - "The Real World" can be ugly, like this crime, and often is. Think about that girl the next time you want to criticize a parent for being "over-protective!"

How many women and girls have been raped when they are drunk or on drugs?

She is not the "alleged victim". Those rapists were convicted. She is the "victim".

I lved near that town and glad it was only ^%#&amp;*((.

Anyone who had any real knowledge of this crime and didn't speak up should be punished. The fact that football can outweigh basic human decency is shameful.

Stupidville!

Its amazing how libs get upset with rape, unless it's BILL CLINTON doing the raping! When I saw the dateline interview of Juanita Broderick crying, as she described what Clinton did to her, I was sure he would be arrested the next day. But he's a lib, and like the Kennedy's,  they can rape anyone they want to.

This is why feminism never had a chance.  Most women will side with men against other women, whereas men never side with women against another man.  Women "go along to get along" and are stupid enough to think that if they condone men absuing OTHER women, it makes them safe, which of course, doesn't work.  Those horrid little slags are just like Nancy Garrido.

A movie about this situation is gonna make Peyton Place seem like a children's story.  I'll bet the "victim" gets offered a million or more for her story once she turns legal age.All these Legal Jerks Pro and Con are a bunch of Sicko's..........How many weeks do we have?           Ouch!

when is the girl going to be sentenced for underage drinking?

What a horrid woman Marianne Hemmeter is with that face-wide smirk.

If the two young men were found guilty, is the victim still "the alleged victim"?  Isn't it now correct to just say simply "the victim"?  I hope authorities stay on top of these folks who are threatening her.  Maybe it will filter through eventually you can't just post whatever you want online and there are no consequences.  If this case should teach anything, that should be one thing that gets through to young people -- you're not all that anonymous online, so think twice (or ten times) before you post.

These football players portray to be victims in this situation, I wonder who will portray to be their victims when they start their prison sentence? I believe the parents should be held accountable as well! Not a very good place...Stuebenville, Oh!

Why do news outlets continue to refer to the girl as the alleged victim? Referring to her as an alleged victim gives the impression that it has not been proven that the crime actually ocurred. Her rapists were tried and convicted. She is a victim. As for the girls arrested for menacing I hope they also get convicted.

Accused of rape? Alleged victim? I do believe there was video and they were found guilty. The boys ARE rapists and the girl IS a victim.

What is the broad smiling about...One got raped and 2 in detention...None of that is anything to smile about

all involved need some form of prosecution, from the punk that said "she is so raped" while laughing to everyone that watched and didn't help. all are guilty of this rape as accomplises

I hope they all fry! This is why teen rape is not reported like it should be.Good

"Menacing"? Call it what it is! TERRORISM!

seems that idiots are being raised  now. luckily they are easily caught.

how about her former "best friend". her comments on the witness stand made me sick to my stomach. if i were her, i would want to move away from that place and never look back.

Teach these punk yuppie kids, boys and girls..that rape or intimidation is serious..like 90 days minimum in jail for intimidation and 5 years at the minimum for rape. No crying or I'm sorry's or parents pleas should leassen RAPE !!!!...this is a  serious  crime..its also called a #$%$.. " YOU DO THE CRIME...YOU DO THE TIME"........ end of story

They thought they were funny and cute, now they are screwed, tampering with a witness is going to get them more time than the rapists.

I can't wait for the media coverage come next football season.... how they'll rally around the team for all the "adversity" they'll face in the coming season.. and how they''ll fight "against the odds" without their 2 teammates... if the team does well the media will spin it into a feel good story

still calling her an "alledged" victim... the COURT said she was a victim! And I am still disturbed that they were weighing in if she was willing. Hey, she's a KID!!! The boys are too, but assault is assault in any form, including rape!!!!!

16 kids would not help the Police and refused to testify.

For Pete's sake, how about some of you stop using this poor girl's suffering and trauma as an excuse to make poorly written political statements. Who raped and threatened this girl? Not Obama, not the republicans, not the democrats, not the liberals, not the conservatives. She wasn't raped because God isn't in schools or because "boys will be boys" or because "They're just kids!"This girl was raped and threatened by people who live in a culture where people can get away with crimes and be allowed to do whatever they wish as long as they're good at a sport. She was attacked by people who put athletes and celebrities, even local ones, on a pedestal that they didn't deserve. She's being repeatedly victimized by a culture where news outlets only talk about the lives of these "poor promising boys" are ruined and say nothing of how this girl is suffering. She was traumatized by a culture that blames the victim of a crime for being victimized, where rape isn't rape if she CAN'T refuse and some guys think that because they bought a girl dinner or took her to a party, they have a right to her body. "She was drinking!" "She never said no!" "She was dressed in skimpy clothes!"Drunk means NO! Unconscious means NO! Unaware of what's happening means NO!There needs to be a change in SOCIETY. Be that change. Don't blame the victim. Blame the attacker.Once again Faux News shows their ignorance by releasing the victim's name..

I read about women in the middle east who are raped and then treated like garbage.  Punished for being the victim.  With what's going on in this town, it appears Stupidville, and probably many other places across America are no better.

give stupidville to west virginny

They need to go after all those who watched this happen and to some extent the parents need to do some time!

Dumb idiot - she is not an alleged victim anymore. They were convicted.

CUT their fingers OFF !!!

You people are missing the point. Its just not that Town, it is all over the U.S. The morels of this country has went straight down hill since Clinton got on TV and claim he didn't have sex with that girl, just hours before they found DNA of his on her dress. Then he ( the president) lies to a Grand Jury. And if that is not a bad enough example to our kids. Idiots like Gore, Pelosi, Kennedy and a host of Dem O Rat march hand in hand on TV to the white house in support of a president who had sex with a intern with his wife and child up stairs and then tried to cover it up.

What is wrong with these people, seriously???  I'm sure they are not all morally-bankrupt, but for so many kids to act so badly - blame can only lie with the adults that shape their values &amp; character.  Shame on all of them.  Although my sympathies lie only with the victim, many young lives were ruined here.  When they're wondering what went wrong, their families, teachers, coaches, &amp; neighbors better all look hard at themselves in the mirror first.

I won't defend the actions of the spoiled and pampered teenage football players. But with any hope they might still mature into responsible adults. The behavior of the adults should be dealt with in the most severe terms. No mercy, as there are no extenuating circumstances, or anything else to consider. They are adults. If they don't know better by now, they never will. Get them off our streets.

"alleged victim?"  It seems at this point, even the AP reporters would drop the b.s. and get real.  The girl was DEFINITELY a victim.  The rapists have been CONVICTED!  #$%$?  Aren't there any competent editors at the AP?making threats is really stupid but doing it in writing thru social media is plain #$%$ thinking! just like the rapist that didn't think they would be caught  because of social media and two numskull girls do the same thing....bunch of idiots in that town

There were not just two male offenders. Her ex-beau was upset when she broke up with him. He prompted the attack, with a post he made. She was carted around to at least two sites. She probably will not ever know how many others.The adults, and I use that term VERY loosely, were covering up for their devil children. One boy's mother was a prosecuting attorney. She eventually recused herself. She should be charged with coverup. Making excuses for them is what allowed this tragedy.I am at a loss as to how the victim will get past this. There are implications for the rest of her life. The parents should be made to foot the bills for therapy and trauma.

And the idiocy continues. I could almost, maybe, sort of halfway understand (but not condone) the situation had the two Facebook/Twitter twits been male. But it boggles the mind that two girls would issue threats against a rape victim. There is something seriously, seriously wrong there.

Republicans will flip flop on abortion now or they will flip flop on healthcare for the girl and the baby.Watch you can bet they flip flop on caring for the kids in fact they already have by cutting healthcare.

These girls should be prosecuted!

where are the parents????????

everyone at that party should be charged with something,how about underage drinking, maybe a curfew violation.

Are these what we call highly educated high school students .. I could Barf. Common sense doesn't come with or from education!!!! Then there's stupidity I really don't know where that comes from but it seems we have a full blown epidemic of stupidity and disrespect that is growing in leaps and bounds.....Holly Sh-t

Amerika the beautiful, football, guns, and Kardashians, gotta love it.

They were convicted. So why do you call her the alleged victum?No need to profile...

Stupid, stupid, stupid

Alleged victim?  I believe the convictions cleared that question up.

Do teenagers not realize that stuff posted on the internet can be seen by people?

Why exactly does the article call her an alledged victim in one sentence and say that the guys were convicted in the next sentence? The reporting of this case has been horrible. I don't ever recall a case with so many news story on the sad situation of the attackers.

This stuff has been happeing for years everywhere.  These two boys &amp; the girl were very unlucky.  It's just like all teens have driven their cars 100 mph but very few have the wheelchair to show for it.

I thought the only thing that got raped in those small ohio farm towns was the sheep.

Once again I ask:  WHERE are the PARENTS?  WHERE ARE THE PARENTS?

A good sentence would for those two boys would be two years in the military.

It's not just that these guys played football it's that the case was anything but cut and dry. Many question the girl's story of being too drunk to consent mainly because one of the boys claimed she "manually stimulated" him and detectives found his DNA on a blanket. The girls text and Facebook messages to her attackers in the days following also suggested her story at trial wasn't completely truthful because she was concerned about people finding out what happened not that it happened in general.There is a reason the judge only gave them a year and also reserved the option to remove it from their criminal records if they follow through with other conditions so they wouldn't have to register as sex offenders. Oh, and the judge isn't a known football fan either....These social media sites are going to ruin more people than it will certainly help.What ever happened to kids doing things that involve reading books and learningright  from wrong? Parents here is your sign ...

Are they going to charge the victim with underaged drinking?

I would like to say all of these comments are great, But whos the stupid people that have given any of them a thumbs down ?? They are all true each one of them should only have thumbs up!! Shame on anyone who doesnt!! You are either a idoit or you have no morals, I hope this doesnt happen to your daughter or a loved one,

The girls who threatened her are no better than the creeps who harmed her in the first place.

the gene pool needs chlorine

Send them to prison and let Bubba at them. They'll learn fast!!

'alleged victim'? If there was a conviction...then she was a victim of a crime.

Obviously the girls are stupid. After all the press and hoopla, they couldn't even learn not to post to facebook. Pitiful. And the actions of all these young people speak volumes as to the quality of their parents.

String em up in front of the courthouse and give em a good probin. And then post those pics all over the place. That will wake em up.

I am glad this target of the rape had courage and support to press charges and turn in these evil girls for threatening her.  What is wrong with them?  Let it happen to their (future) daughter or themselves and the attitude would change in a hurry.why is Jim Carreys sister in the picture?

What are these two girls jealous they didn't get any?  Dumb (unts.

must be two inbreeds who have a brother as a father

Gee....it looks like the judge is going to continue to "throw the book" at everyone involved in therape of a drugged girl.  I am glad to hear that the backstabbing #$%$ that made harassing calls will also spend some time somewhere that is not the mall.   It is past time that a judge gives them what they all deserve. They all had free will and made their choices that will determine the path inlife that they will have to walk on. Cry all you want you filthy animals!

What a sick, horrible thing to do. I wouldn't want that karma coming back to me.

if only they would focus this hard on enforcing illegal immigration laws. they are just doing this for the media.

Boys (and girls) these days aren't being taught by their parents about what constitutes rape.  Sometimes the sports cultures are toxic, so all high school students need to take sociology and gender, race &amp; class courses.  Our media and overall American culture certainly reinforces the oversexualization of our women and girls.  If our kids are educated in these subjects when the parents fail, it might save people from being raped and it might save some people from doing some hard time

Put The Girls in a Sex house and know how it feels , Much anal Sex is best ,you SLUTS

Another event in the death of our nation.

......it's Social Media and not actual behaviour that's getting everyone into trouble.OMG.  Candy Crowley said they will now be on the Known Sex Offenders list!She was hoping they'd be put on the Known Silly Pranksters list.

The girls should move to India where government apparently condones rape.

I talked to 3 different ladies over the weekend that had a similar experience growing up but of course there was no trial.  All the ladies seem fine today.  This poor young lady in Stupidville will be well known for a long time in a negative kind of way.

I was at the San Diego Zoo watching a polar bear do a crazy repetitive behavior because of high testosterone and the desire to mate.  If a girl can be too drunk to consent to consensual sex than the same inability to reason must be applied to these young men.  Alcohol and testosterone could be the cocktail the caused this unfortunate tragedy.

Treat them like they did the rapist, JAIL TIME.WE NEED TO STOP THIS LINDSEY LOHAN JUSTICE SYSTEM. DO THE CRIME DO THE TIME.

This is a prouduct of a country that took away all aspects of respect for God, parents and other humanbeings and their property,  until we turn this around  this is what we will get

A girl can drink as much as she wants to, even if it's illegal........she can dress anyway she wants to........you still can't rape her and then (p)iss on her.Sorry Repuke hillbillies.

Dean Martin is rolling over in his grave over this.

A year is all they got! Are you kidding me! Maybe they'll get a taste of what rape is like while their locked up! Now that would justice!

"broke the law by not speaking up"? seriously? That's so stupid it was spoofed in the last Seinfeld episode...Ok, now how about the adults that provided all the alcohol for,the party? I live close to this area and know that there was an attempted cover up too. Now about the county sheriff and the football coach?

Put them in an adult prison. They will find out first hand about rape

They got one year are you kidding me they should be in prison this happen to my niece when she was 14 the guy was 18 nothing was ever done by the law but he got punished

GET THEM,leave this girl alone to heal!

The parents of ALL the kids involved should be held responsible.

VF, those two boys didn't just behave badly.  They committed a crimd.  Maybe you do believe that rape victims bring the trouble onto themselves.  BTW, if the boys were gay, who's to say they would not have raped innocent boys?  There are #$%$ offenders, and yes, labeled for the rest of their lives, as they deserved should be.

How can ANY FEMALE support a RAPIST???????????  Chances are, in "STUPIDVILLE" that THEY could be the victims and then what!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

There is a reason they are called RIVER RATS  ...lol

What the h-ll is happening to society ??? I ask this question, what women would voluntarily lay down and be raped and not be horrorified ??? OR what guy , other than a wacko HOMOSEXUAL, would just allow some bro to rape him and not want his pound of flesh in return ??? That is what happened to this young girl ! ! ! I don't care what others may think in their liberal nutcase minds, this was RAPE !!! This HAS TO follow these p-nks around for the rest of their lives, there has to be a way to follow them forever and make their lives miserable FOREVER !!! And now 2 girls, with their really dumb minds jumping in, send them back to 1st grade !!!

They better teach these little sl#ts a lesson until they are 21 tooKids need to be learn to be more responsible for there actions. The girl was raped it was cruel of those girls do that they have no morals

Looks like we may have another trial coming up!

I am a victim of rape and to hear this makes my stomach turn. My heart goes out to this girl. These two guys got off easy.

MAYBE IT'S JUST ME, but don't the three legal eagles in the picture above look like Stan Laurel (Laurel &amp; Hardy), Curly (The Three Stooges) and Mr Magoo?

The problem with places like Steubenville is that there is just so little to do in terms of meaningful activities that kids get bored and get themselves into trouble. It's that small town, backwater, jerkwater, utter boredom syndrome which also causes kids to get into drugs, alcohol, irresponsible sexual experimentation, etc. All there is in these towns is boring school, boring sports teams, boring PTA meetings, boring church on Sunday, boring cruising around in pickup trucks with no other destination  than the local hangout in the McDonald's parking lot . It's boring, boring, boring. And like they say, an idle mind is the devil's workshop.

Bill Clinton raped a couple women and threatened them to keep quiet and the media attacked any woman who tried to come forward.

and everyone wonders why I called the town Stupidville Now you know.

Cool

sure this is the USA or is this INDIA ?  OH  yes in the  USA Military they have a high Rate of Rapes and Sexual Assaults on Civilian Women and on USA Military Womenthe evil koch brothers TEa party and GOP Congress and their mafia style Privilege Crooks of Wall Street Protect cheney Corrupt contractors and  cheney corrupt blackwater thugs from criminals charges of Rape and Sexual Assaults on civilian Women and USA Military Women.

Crybaby football players are not accepted.  For that reason, they deserve a harsher sentence, the maximum.  VangHey, ANDREW WELSH-HUGGINS. Do you know know what the word 'alleged' means? Because you're using it wrong, you hack.

Good.  anybody who committed the crime, saw the crime and did nothing, or threatened the girl, should do time.

Do these kids have a brain?  Facebook, Twitter and Instagram is destroying the minds of these youth.  I mean really?  These kids should shut up and be kids!  Stop running your mouth!

Some girls will not get drunk, alluring and vulnerable among friends with testosterone and alcohol in their systems.

Is it 1692 again?

The vast majority of this town should be convicted and locked in prison for a few years. I'm not even kidding. I can't believe how hard they've collectively rallied around either protecting their idiot football rapists or shifting the blame elsewhere.

children of the corn

These girls need some SERIOUS dental work.

The rapists were convicted.  The victim is no longer an "alleged" victim.  A small thing, perhaps, but with so much media attention on the poor unfortunate rapists, I think it's an important one.  This really happened, and she is the only victim of a crime in all this.  It is not in doubt.

this town needs a community meeting of all and all need to talk about how to better the people of there town.it seems the town is teaching there own set of morals and it seems to be a couple generations deep.and still they were slapped on the wrist after all the attention.these boys got off easy.there have been lesser offenses where 16 and 17 year olds were charged as adultsAnyone who uses threats against crime victims should get 5 years or double what the actual perps get whichever is more.

The girls should be sentenced to 2 weeks in the cells of the rapists.  One week, then trade.  But, they might like that punishment.

Thank God for the hackers. Without them, this poor girl never would have gotten any justice!

Any one know what was said ? If it was a threat it is not protected under the first amendment

Its so sad to see these corrupt Ohio politicians take advantage of the media spotlight to destroy as many children as they can. Great lesson the so called adults are teaching these kids.

The girl is no longer an' alleged' victim, as the story puts it. She was in fact attacked. And seems sad to say, she will be attacked even now. She can overcome having been a victim if time is kind.

Typical high school drama.

watch them liberals want to ban rape

You fffffin idiots!   You're all perps in my view!  How dare you pity the rapists!!!   Wait till it comes home to greet you and or your family!

What is with the US media tip-toeing around this case.  The Atny General did not say 'the alleged victim.'  The trial is over.  They have been found guilty in a court of law.  They are registered sex offenders.  No more 'alleged.'    The Attorney General's office said a 16-year-old girl was charged with aggravated menacing for threatening the rape victim's life on Twitter.  Another girl, age 15, was charged with menacing for threatening harm to the young victim on Facebook.The Attorney General said: "Let me be clear.  Threatening a teenage rape victim will not be tolerated.  If anyone makes a threat verbally or via the internet, we will take it seriously, we will find you, and we will arrest you."   Both girls were taken to the Jefferson County Juvenile Detention Center, Devine's office said.  There will be no more tweets or texts from them for a few days anyway.  Again people are producing the evidence that causes them to be locked up.There is no more 'alleged' in this case.  They have been found guilty and are in lock up.In a small town all that was involved in this should move away. The kids,parents and the media hasn't really dug into the coach yet. I'm sure they will find some trash on his grandmother and all the rest of the family. This could go either way depends on who needs a story.

Dont change the fact that these are pigs in training are at least were till they got caught raping a girl.

Has anyone been charged with buying alcohol for children, or for selling it to them?

i feel the parents of all these kids involved play a huge role in the actions of their kids....there were no morals, values, integrity, respect, etc. taught daily for them to have done what they did....there was no checking up on these kids as to where they were and what they were doing....this is not a case of kids having a simple get together to listen to music, dance, talk and have fun but it was a full-blown party where adult things were going on....alcohol, drugs, and sex only the sex turned into rape in which this girl was drugged and couldn't even fight back plus all these kids that were there did nothing to stop it! these kids are self-centered and have no regard for another persons feelings much less their life...then the guys break down in court and say they didn't mean for this to happen yet they had no problem with doing it....they want to make the excuse because of the alcoholin which they know is illegal for their age and knew being drunk could alter their thinking....but they are the ones who made this choice...they are responsible for their choices but are now sorry only because they got caught and probably for the first time in thier lives they are going to have to pay the consequences for their actions, their poor choices...this is also another story of the  high school atheletes who  should  be positive role models, but because of who they are, when someting like this happens, there is leiency in most cases of an all-star player....thank God there was a judge who actually did his job in this case!

Another example of people making the victom a victom over and over. This happened to me. Its an awful feeling and the young lady who was raped needs to keep her head up. The best thing her family could do is surround her with loving friends and family. Things will get better

The girls were jealous they didn't raped and the attention that came with it. Guess they think getting gang banged is a thrill ride. It may be for the one's doing the riding, but it is a nightmare for the one getting rode. My ex-girlfriend was raped by her father. Maybe that is what they would like!

you can not fix stupid

Conservatism does not have a monopolyon good moral judgment, commen sense, or anything that's good in this world.  Same goes for religion, any religion.  Plenty of liberals and/or non-religious people know what's right and wrong.

those girls should be prosecuted, not just reprimanded.

Even after the boys are found guilty, they STILL label the girl "the alleged victim". Pathetic.Wow, I don't know. Why does this bulling not  suprise me. What a nice upstanding little community. Sarcasm

Did any sober girls get raped at this party?

I see we have laws to prosecute you if you don't speak up, laws to prosecute you if you do speak up, laws to prevent you from voicing your opinion, laws that cover "aggravated menacing", laws that make it a crime to "bully" somebody in case they commit suicide.All laws designed to take your money and put it in the paychecks of people like in the photo above.

This exact thing happened in Cumberland , Md.in 2010 . But then they left her laying outside in the snow and she was found just in time from freezing to death . Story was passed on quick , you guessed it , 2/3 senior Fort Hill High School Football players .  KENNETH E&gt;

At the bottom of this is the game of football.  It is evident to me that the sport should be banned, at least as a competitive event, in all schools, nationwide.  It contributes to the delinquency of children.  As someone said, "This (assault) happens on Friday nights, all across the nation."  It is neither ennobling nor enlightening.

I can't wrap my head around the idea that a woman is threateded because she wanted justice for a crime that done to her?  These two brutes FORCES her to have sex with them, and the town wants to cover it up so that the high school football team has a winning season. Are you sure that the name of the town isn't Pergatory?

Steubenville (STOO'-behn-vihl)? ....Yahoo (Yaaaa#$%$-story editing)!

Steubenville (STOO'-behn-vihl)? ....Yahoo (Yaaaa-who)!

These girls should be tried as adults,like the rapists should have.

Stupid Ville Strikes againSo - now the girl is a "professional victim"?  She'll get a lot of mileage out of this little boo-boo. Watch - the lawyers will suck all of the money out of that little burg.

"YOU were raped?" I can hear it now.

Facebook and Twitter should be charged as accomplices.

How do the girls in Ohio know the name of the West Virginia girl to threaten her on social media? I thought that the victims name was not released?

Their Chief of Police looks - super untrustworthy.

Dewine is putting a few feathers in his cap for re-election.

I wouldn't be surprised if that town tried to legalize rape next week. So many people support rape in that town, trying to cover it up, and intimidating the victim.

people who think this only happens in a small Ohio town had better look around, this #$%$ is going on everywhere, sometimes it kept secret and others not. BUT it is still going on. This is not something new, it was going on 50 years ago when I was a teenager, only difference no social media,it was all said in whispers in groups.

I agree with you VICK lots of bullying and vile comments from people hiding behind computer screens.  Well said!

Horrible kids- Horrible town.one year that's all. come on we're is justice?

Are you sure it's not called "Stupidville", OH?

High school wasn't like this when I went. No way near this #@%$

I can't believe other girls threatened the victim, even if they didn't like her for some reason.

How stupid can you be?!?!?! Did they just not see an entire case built almost soley with social media?

"Alleged victim"? It's "victim", since those thugs were convicted, nothing is alleged now.... get it right Yahoo.

P, You missed the main point, They were STAR FOOTBALL players. Right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Keep your pekker in your pants and you wont get into trouble

The boys need to get rear plugged-over and over

Throw the book at them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Wow....this town has PCP in the air or something. Thr girls who made these threats weren't smart enough to know this was a VERY high profile case, and they should have kept their mouth's shut? Lock them away too! It's not like society is going to have a need for them. Wow...this whole town is just so STUPID!!!!

i really wish they had the death penalty for rapist. the world would be a safer place.

Alright!  The next trial!

I hope they are found guity and punished if they did make the threats. Actions have consequences!

The two guys that did this are guilty. So stop threatening the chick. The judge was pretty lenient on the two, for only a year jail time. I would have done no less than 5 years jail time.

Wow go social media threats !!!!! and you have given permission to convict on your  comment's so many are just stupid to make basic skills to LIFE.

I hope all the parents around the WORLD are taking a huge NOTE of this Ohio news!!  Like a freakin POST IT to the brain!  This could be your child, let this be a  lesson to all.  Oh, yes and the Media for making these rapistists into vitcims Really!!  There is no sympathy for Rape!  Period!  Shame on you!  They surely didn't get what they deserved!   Let this show what will happen!!  Apparently these girls didn't learn from the two boys being CONVICTED OF RAPE that there are consequences to their actions!  People are watching and sick of what they are seeing!  Amen to the internet and all the call to actions by the fed up people!  For the victim, our prayers are with you and your family in your healing!  God Bless!

How can the town be so wrong?  They have a great football team and the economy sucks in the area - so cut them some slack - it was only rape.  (please note this is truly sarcastic).

"of the alleged victim.?    Alledged????

2 wrongs don't make a right girls......These girls need to join the boys.

take these two broads and lock them up with those two low lifes

Our system should make an example of these ....... boys?

what happened to her was wrong. i wonder what her culpability should be. she arrived drunk. she's underage and openly declared she wanted to score with football players. according to the news reports.

A year in juvi for these these low life, low bred, #$%$. Sounds right to me. Sport thug must at all times be protected at all costs. That is some kinda of justice loving judge. The swine should be thrown off the bench and lose his license to practice law.

god forbid that  a girl who is sexually assaulted by GODS -- that   is, by football players -- actually do  something about  it.   but with that said,  why was  a  16 year old girl  THAT drunk?

Let's bring back the paddle to the "time out" generation. It works wonders!

"Alleged victim" yet on this case.  "Suspected shooter" on any Hassan article.  "Treyvon KILLER!" on any George Zimmerman article.  Nope, no media bias there what so ever.

you sure this isnt stupidville...? or chicago...?   or another menendez story...?

during last years election and the one four years before that , I saw lots of threats against our president the black man ,, remember all the vulgar republican spew coming from the news outlets (rush/beck/Hannity)  to postingI hope that the US JUSTICE DEPARTMENT gets involved and brings everyone involved up on Federal Civil Rights violations!

This is a typical red state town who hero worships their athletes and turn a blind eye to their immoral lifestyles. its too bad these jocks wont be able to join the military or become a cop as so many of these types eventually become.

" A grand jury will look into whether others broke the law by not speaking up after the attack last summer. Dah, OF course they did, its called being an accessory after the fact! Though, I'm not sure how this charge works in West Virginia nor Ohio, in some States having first hand knowledge o f a crime either before or after the crime makes you an accomplice to the crime. Do they no longer teach "Good Citizenship" in elementary schools anymore?

Terrorism by harassment. See... the government can use these tactics to extort what they want from you concerning any given situation. But when YOU do it, they slap you with extortion, harassment and terrorism charges!

I don't have to rape #$%$, because #$%$ try to rape me.

That place is the new toilet of america, pathetic

Lights on Steubenville, for sure.  Maybe the coach next...there's a run on that lately.

What the h*** is wrong with these people? The girl stands up for herself and gets threats for it, unbelievable. And they wonder why so many don't come forward.

Two more idiots join the party!

What trash most of the people in this town are.Stupidville should be barred from ever having any school athletics for eternity.

I wonder how many more Steubenvilles are out there just waiting to happen? What can we (I)do to stop this from happening again? Can or will anyone help us, our society? What are our common interest as a society today? Money,Power,Pleasure? What is it going to take for us to understand ? We as a society have kicked GOD out of our hearts,homes,schools and we seem to be confused as to why these thing continue to happen. Some people learn by thier mistakes,some by thier consequences,and some never learn at all.GOD have mercy on us all.

EVeryone is guilty except the 16 yr old that got so drunk she passed out on a curb i guess.

About time something is done about these threats on social media.  Freedom of speech only goes so far.  People need to be held accountable for what they put out there.

Why don't girls ever rape me when I'm drunk?

The fact that they still refer to the victim of convicted rapists as an 'alleged' victim is a glowing testament to the pervasiveness of rape culture.

and how would know that grow f  up dude...im.not fadin you..nonfactor mf...always posted on my post..stalkin can get you jail as well...glad be ugly to your nonfactor #$%$...

Why does it seem that the media is taking the rapists side? This whole thing is slanted. At least the police are aggressively going after the people involved.

Football coach's daughters.

No one deserves to be raped but where the hell was all the adults at when these parties were taking olace. Sounds like stupidville allows underage drinking and the law turns the other cheeks. A 16yr old that drunk and no adults they are lucky she did'nt die from alcohol posioning . I have to say alot of parents are to blame for allowing such drinking to take place and not watching what goes on. Hate me if you like but my daughters would have never been allowed to go with us checking everything out and make drive by visit.Why, after the conviction, does the atorney general have to say "alledged victim"?  Or was this the author's choice of words? She is a victim and speakers/writers need to be willing to stand up to that fact since the jury verdict is in.

the white kid rapist (p)issed on her after he raped her.what is wrong with these kids?

So it continues, stupid juvenile kids #$%$ stupid things.

so this is where democrats come from.....

there must be something in the water

What I always wonder when something like this happens, what were the parents doing while these "boys" were growing up? What kind of morals did they teach? What kind of respect do they have for their mothers? What kind of respect do their fathers have for women? I also don't find the girl, notice I did not say young "lady", blame free in this case. Her behavior helped set the stage. From all accounts no one held her mouth open and poured the alcohol down her throat. And her parents too have a share of the blame that they will have to deal with. Which brings us to the other culprit in this scenario, the culture of "I'm a somebody so its ok if I do it". Athletes, rock stars, mambo jumbo what ever doesn't make you special, to often it just makes you stupid!

i haven't been in a situation of this nature.. but if i tell a man "No" regardless if im plastered  or not i mean effin #$%$ No!!!!!

This story definetly should not be in the sports section.

Many younger people feel they can say online what they would never say in person. They also feel they are anonymous. Let them learn that threats online are no less threats and that most websites have programs running to detect them and that they will be passed on to law enforcement. Even deleting them does not erase them and law enforcement can find them. Shame on these two idiots. Whatever this girl does or did is irrelevant. I hope they never find themselves drunk, drugged, or passed out only to wake up to find that they were violated, degraded, and dehumanized.

Our actions should be powered by love. I pray for our children and the generations to come. Our future is at stake and many of our babies are so desensitized from the advanced technology era where self gratification seems to be  desired rather than empathizing or considering the emotional consequences of  hurting others. Many children are cold hearted and play each other like video games so it would seem normal to abuse one another without mercy. How did our children get this way? What are we teaching and not teaching them? Do we concentrate more on competitive sales for technology and know that it is controlling our babies or do we compose aps that create emotional therapy to prevent them from doing harm. What is the solution to a growing problem? When did it get like this? An over grown epidemic of heartlessness that has abandoned God's love. And rather than to fight for them, we argue and keep evil cycles fed. I pray for our children. Our future. Our actions should be powered by love.Okay Steubenville high school kids, don't get mad when people start referring to you as the Stupidville high school kids. And you kids who are not involved in any of the recent stupid behavior involving your high school, time to put your big kid clothes on and bring some credibility back to your school and community. Talk to the State Attorney and tell them what you know about this event and any others. Dare yourself to be of help in the solution, rather than cowering with those who cause the problem. You can do it!

One report says one of the girls charged wrote the victim had 'ruined her family'. Quite likely a relative of one of the boys convicted. Hopefully...this isn't the end of it. They're thinking of charging coaches and officials...but perhaps there should be an inverstigation to discover if any ore young girls were victimized by these so-called high school 'sports heroes'. If more will step forward, more of these animals will get what's coming to them. It appears they had the feeling of impunity...they could do whatever they wanted, and the school would clean up after them as long as they made touchdowns. What a sick, sad statement this makes about their school, its athletic departments, its coaches, etc.

That boy will have to cover more than his eyes in prison they hate rapist!

I saw a post in a cartoon saying if anyone messed with their kids they would know what crazy was...we see these posts on fb all the time..so in other words parents these days are teaching their children that violence is the answer..thats why we have law enforcement folks..

Everyone is guilty except the nameless, faceless girl with no panties.

I wonder how these young girls think,if this incident have not moved them,then something is wrong with the future generation, HEARTLESS,

I've got $1000 saying the girl is dancing on the poles in 2 years, since it was always her destiny.

Steubenville ( STOO-pid-ville)Hope more are charged.

About 20 years ago Ross Peron headed a commission to study the Texas' public schools in an effort to increase academic standards and test scores.  His recommendation was, "STOP FRIDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL."  THE COACH'S  ANSWER, Football builds character.  We have 8:1 coaches to math and science teachers.,  Our black head coach spent all his extra time trying to get his black favorite athletes scholarships.  It was either "the pros" or crack dealing.  SMU got penalized for bribing senoir athletes (Trans-Ams--Smoky and the Bandit was "cool").  The least the Grand jury can do is fire the entire coaching staff and close foot ball down for ten years.  They are the BIG RED girl molesters.  If they charge everybody guilty( i e.parents, teachers, clergy, whiskey dealers to minors, etc., etc.) it will make S____ a pariah city, and in 5 years it will be history and only home to those too poor to leave and land owners.  I visited Sodom and Gomorah, and they are just two stake signs on the west bank of the Dead Sea.  "Bring out your visitors, so we can KNOW them"  Know is used several times in both Old and NewTestaments.  It is Bible talk for rape.  Thanks!  GWBJ.

I'm so glad people are pointing out the "alleged victim" terminology after a conviction has been had, however that also doesn't make her  a "victim" now. She is a survivor.A year? Hopefully when they get out the father shows them what it mean to be a Unick.

hey it the home of john holmes

The woman on the left looks like she can use a few drinks. The sentence for those testosterone cowboys is fair, but the victim should get a substance course and wear an electronic chastity belt for 90 days.

The woman on the left looks like she can use a few drinks. The sentence for those testosterone cowboys is fair, but the victim should get a substance course and wear an electronic chastity belt for 90 days.

I don't know why they are doing this. I mean the rapists were in court crying and saying sorry, They admitted it.Do they wanted rape legalized?

Trash comes in all shapes sizes and colors, not to mention money or power wont give trash class,you can put lip stick on a mules butt but its still a mules butt and full of #$%$.--- anducantakethattothebank.!"!"!".....

News flash: Teens do stupid things.

This whole scenario begins with instilling a conscience in these young people before they end up in a situation. An epic fail on the community and the education system. SICKOFIT!

Who's house was it that adult should be doing time as well for allowing them kids there.

The media light stepping what was done does not help to enforce how bad what was done to this girl really is. Billway to go CNN! blame the victim! stupid liberal #$%$!

You have no expectation of anominity or privacy anywhere in this day and age!

Nothin a good gang bangin at the local dog pound cant fix.

Since 'fingered' means raped; just say 'fingered'.  If it truly carries the same connotations, then you've nothing to lose.

While I understand the reason for all the posts saying that she is no longer alleged, I can see the other side as well.  Don't get me wrong. The boys were convicted and there is a victim.  The article is stating that the girl that was threatened was allegedly the victim. At least, that's how I read it.  Basically trying to protect the girl being harrassed by throwing doubt as to whether she is the one that brought the charges or not, and by doing so (if they in fact are not the same girl) protecting the victim as well.

I don't think the rape is alleged anymore.

Expressive faces...that pic is priceless...goofy grin to deer-in-highlights look, it has it all

The whole damned "alleged" bunch (kids and parents) need to have thier butts behind bars.  They need to shut the athletic program down for a year. I think I am seeing the real problem with all these liberal folks. Everything is going downhill from Obummer to thier own local justice system and they are starting to implode. They are fighting, drinking, raping, killing, and whatever and they are doing it to themselves. OOOPS--Self Destructive Liberal Demos. I hope the "little innocent angels" spend the maximum amount of time in jail and I hope they get to be Bubba's girlfriend from day one.

If the youths had become so drunk they lost memory, like her, they would still have received the harsh sentence of being sex offenders for life.  It's what the poor, promiscuous, drunken party-girl wants for them, bless her heart.

Obviously friends/family of the rapists.She is not an alleged victim she is a victim as the two dudes were convicted.

Guess we don't have freedom of expression anymore.

There is plenty of blame to go around, this but one 'crazy weekend' and where did her parents think she was, a girl scout convention?Lets address the culture of ignorance irresponsibility, FEMALE AND MALE

"Rape should be legal"~ Republicans

It looks like Darwin's Law of "survival of the fittest" is really showing up?I say "bring it on" a good way to weed out genetic anomalies, maybe they should fix them in Juvee!

You are right zack. Thumbs up to you!!!

Two more "victims of society" for some infatuated CNN reporter to emote over.

what a couple of dumb chits.

the entire population is morally bankrupt and as usual the right sides with the rapist just like the Taliban who execute rape victims I am beginning to be glad that I am getting old and will not live much longer, but then i worry about what kind of life my grand children will have to endure when there is such hatred and injustice. those jocks should have been tried as adults and sent to prison so they could experience what rape is all about.

Nothing like good old mid-western values, eh?oh come on! They are 16! geesh, remember what you did when you were 16?

#$%$... are you kidding me? what a couple of wh*res...

I don't think the girl had much to do with them going to prison.  it was all her mothers idea

It's time for SOME of these kids, obviously with criminally brain dead parents, to realize they are not merely hissing at each other in front of their lockers but are entering the big time where the stupid, vicious, moronic, vile things they say really matter out there.  Hit 'em hard, and while you're at it can't you throw their parents in jail too for a while????   Please????

Rape is celebrated in America. Duh. Kobe Bryant and Mike Tyson are famous rich sports, tv, and television stars.

thats ohio for you guess the girls making the threats must be jeleaous that they didnt get raped stupidville ohio

They need to put this whole town on trial. What a bunch of ingrates!

No surprise. We live in a society where evil is considered good, and good is considered evil. These girls probably thought they were doing good.

Guess we don't have freedom of expression anymore.

Wait a minute: some live in OH and some in WV?...y wasnt fbi involvd and tried as adults!?The sad thing is these boys got a year for what they done.  They should be in prison.  These girls should spend sometime in jail to really this is real.  What happen to that victim should never happen to anyone?

"But these two girls had such promising future's until they threatened a girl that had been RAPED." Poppy Harlow CNN

The names of the girls who threatened the victim are Tashema Harris and Emily Ighnat.

The grand jury members had better be called from as far away as possible from Stupidville and Jefferson county.  It sounds like the AG may be asking them to hand down indictmentsagainst most of the town's population for parental neglect, complicity and anything else hecan think of.  Plus, he should ask WVA authorities to indict the girl's parents.  What was she doing in Ohio, anyway?  16 may be the age of consent in Ohio, though if you are unconscious, by definition you cannot consent, she is still a minor and her parents are responsible for her.  What planet are they on????

Parents of Ohio get your brains working now no more smoking the greens in your yard get your slimy #$%$ in order.

Stupidville.

The girls are not from the same town guys:"...Arrested two eastern OHIO girls suspected of making social media threats against a WEST VIRGINIA girl"

I doubt if that will stop as Bill O'Reilly  gave her name to his listener's...that PIG

Kobe Bryant and Mike Tyson raped and beat women. How come we love and worship them?

serves them rightRape a girl with your finger; sex offender for life.  Rape the Economy; Secret Service protection for life.

OHIO) _oh _hell _idiots _onboard (just the people involved only)...

Rape is becoming more and more acceptable to Republicans.  Women in the military are being raped everyday, and nothing is being done about it.

Dont talk, act. #$%$)king #$%$

girls use to stick together but anymore they are just evil....she has been thru enough, she needs to be left alone to try and get over this....she will never be the same....how sad....

While I tend to agree with many of the nasty comments directed at the town of Steubenville and the youth of today, in general, I also think that Ohio deserves some praise for pursuing this case so tenaciously. It might well have been swept under the rug; instead, the authorities are even going after people not directly connected to the crime itself. Kids who hide behind social media to be vicious and threatening richly deserve to be rooted out and hung, so to speak. Way to go, Ohio.

FOX NEWS revealed the girls name.  FOX NEWS IS EVIL  .   Don't get swayed by the corporate slimeballs.  JUST  SAY NO TO FOX NEWS

Might be a good idea to open a "for profit" jail in Stubenville.  They will make for very good clients.

those boys are hawt, and that's really all that matters.  this'll all be over in a year, it's only juvenile detention.  they'll have what really matters to American society:  sports careers and heterosexuality.  the girl will be forgotten, and drunk at another party soon, underage of course.

Look at the smug smile, as to say look at me mom I did it!Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine, please keep up the good work. I personallythink all the people connected to this case should be investigated &amp; charged if there wasany wrongdoing on their part. Including the Parents, Law enforsement, Coaches, Schoolofficials and any other Teenagers or Persons. It's the only way the Towns people will learn,what a horrific thing has happened in their Town of Steubenville, Ohio......Some peoplemay even learn from this situation in other parts of the Country.-----------------AP, Steubenville Herald-Star.....3/18/13

stupid breeds stupid and in this case stupid rapes then gets mad.

Bullying. Most of us have been there. Social media amplified it in a vicious way. So take a breath and people? if you put it on youtube or twitter, did it hurt someone else? Or just you for being the #$%$ that put it up there.

Good make examples out of them or this will always continue with other victim's across the nation.

Can someone explain why the sentences are "AT LEAST" one year and "AT LEAST" two years? Has the final sentencing not yet been done? (And when will it be done?) Thanks.

Good, They must be the girlfriends of those idiots who were upset because they weren't invited to the gang-rape.

Girls threatening the accuser?  Maybe they know something about her we don't.

The parents who allowed their children to act this way needs a reprimand. I hope they are or will see reason to be born again and live holy as examples to their kids. No children gets out of hand except the parents acts irresponsibly. Sorry to the ones that were traumatized but the parents here were also responsible. D not leave your precious kids (if you take them that way), to the devil. Take them to KING JESUS and HE will receive them and you will be happy parents.

For you two Idiots who Raped that poor girl 1 year or 2 years is not enough,i hope you both get what you deserve.

I am all for free speech but I do not advocate threatening physical violence on no one.  With that said, I wonder if they were threatening to do physical harm, or just calling her names.The whole world knows and hates these guys. They are going to have to put them in protective custody in prison, or there going to get murdered in prison.

a year in juvy hall???milk and cookies before bed time. WOW !!! really?? for rape?? thats total BS. They're lucky lil bas*#rds, that i'm not her daddy. There isn't a fence, nor a brick wall that would stop the RIGHT retrobution that i'd dole out. Needless to say, they wouldn't be able to rape another lil girl once I was done with'em.

Lock them up with the freaking Rapists and their PARENTS. Freaking ANIMALS!!!!

Put those girls in the slammer together with the lesbian inmates.

Geez, that was dumb.

It is not normal for a 16 year old girl to want to get passed-out drunk, alluring and vulnerable with friends under the influence of testosterone and alcohol.  Her girl friends were probably telling the truth about her.

Steubenville: the littlest town in America that raises everything except good kids.

why do girls hang around with, party, and flirt with known rapists?  These guys CALLED THEMSELVES the RAPE CREW for crying out loud.  No sympathy, sorry.

happy you block them out thank you

one year is likdd a slap on the hand. wgat to let them do it again. get for real.This case is certainly testing the boundaries of social media use. The laws now more than ever are having to adapt to the new technologies being used. When the case goes to civil court, that will be the interesting part. Since the defendants are juveniles, they can't be sued so the penalty will be passed on to the parents and then the question could come down to how many people are going to be held liable? This issue of social media and how to use it properly is going to be put into question. Hopefully parents can use this to educate their children.

The boys played with fire and got burned as they should. The girl wanted to party and got more then she probably expected but she is also to blame. Cross state lines to party hardy and alcohol with jocks what do you expect, a religious prayer meeting? Her parents, allowing this type of behaviour, also shoulder some of the blame. The girl was not picked up on a street corner sober, she was full bore partying and cruising with the bad boys. Good upbringing.

So, if a 16 yr old kills someone they're tried as an adult, but if they rape, it's a juvenile act? and they ONLY get 1 YR IN JUVENILE PRISON?  IS THE JUDGE ON CRACK? SHE AS TO LIVE WITH THIS THE REST OF HER LIFE!! That okay honey, They have to face God everyday.

Maybe they work for CNN...

I have a problem with arresting someone for making threats.  People get mad all the time and threaten things they would never do.  There are so many out there who actually attempt to do harm and nothing is ever done. . . just look at all those orders of protection where the victim ends up being hospitalized or killed.  Yet we waste tax dollars arresting teenages on words just because it is a high profile case.  Dumb Dumb Dumb.

so far they have not tried to blame this on Bush or illegals

lol, two idiot girls, both Lindsay Lohan look-alikes.

These girls need to be kicked out of school an put in jail with other bad #$%$ girls so they can have fun with them.

i would like to know what was going on with the victim's mother when she stayed out all night. I mean, to whom was the teenager checking in with. If it was her mom, did mom call the police when she didn't show up by midnight? Did any adult have knowledge that this child was out? Overall I just want info on the adult parents. I feel really bad for the victim. Her world is full of ugly.

Andrew, here's some guidance on the use of "alleged": public.wsu.edu/~brians/errors/alleged.html (HINT: you're doing it wrong).I hope they are convicted.

"alleged"?  i had to re read that.  it is no longer an 'alleged crime', or 'alleged rapists', or 'alleged victim'.  it is 'CONVICTED RAPISTS OF A PROVEN CRIME AGAINST A PROVEN VICTIM'.  CATCH UP.   this is all downright ridiculous.  you'd think every one of the journalists is related to the rapists, played on the steubenville football team, and lived in that pathetic little town committing these same crimes.  there's NOTHING 'alleged' about it anymore.  i'm going to have to quit reading updates on this story.  the reporting is slipshod, second rate, yellow journalism.

Facebook should terminate those 2 girls accounts for starters.

If they did this in Texas, Georgia, Alabama or any other southern red state, they would have gotten 20 years minimum and upto life in prison. They would be begging for the 20 years.

No "accusation" about it, those rapists are guilty.  That should have been mentioned first.

This whole thing is just so sad. People at their ugliest. Pathetic.

Throw them in prison and if they emailed it make it a federal crime just like mailing a letter. Remember that peopleOf course in stupidville they don't know anything

Our wonderful liberal school system is creating a "feelings" oriented society, overindulgent jocks and "mean girls"... How much more will you take America?? How much more will you take???

bet those 2 boys parents are mad no easy life for them now

In this country, if the kids don't go to school, the parents may go to jail.And also in this country, the kids go out raping girls, the parents are innocent and defend those juvenile delinquents.  The school administrator and coaches knew about the rape and kept quiet.Now, even these two young girls want to join the DELINQUENT CLUB.  Ohio people, where have you been ?One year, thats a slap on the wrist. They will do it again later on in life!!!!...

Nice

Arresting these two idiots is a start now who supplied the booze and the place for the party

Steubenville, Ohio. Why hell went out of business.

Send them 2 jail and throw the key away 4 good.

throw them into juvey as well.....no loss there............

these 2 dudes only got 1 year in juvy apiece for raping a white girl? disgusting. the judge needs to be recalled or something. she should not have been drunk for sure, but that gave those 2 jackasses the right. blessings to this girl and her family.

Giving the reporter the benefit of the doubt, "alleged victim" could be referring to the WVa girl as an "alleged victim" of the charges against the girls, which have yet to be adjudicated in court.

Hope the kids that threatened the girl at least 10 years each.  Threatening a victim is a ploy that only a looser would do.  Glad to see the Stupidville teenagers were convicted, but I think they each need another 15 years is solitary to think about what they did.  The conviction proves that some juries will put the victim's rights over sports.

New arrests connected to this, which is good, since Steubenville's precious children don't seem to have learned a thing.  How about continuing to charge some of the original people involved in this ugly criminal mess?the scary things is, their our future. God save us all:(

In that Steubenville community, it appears that there is a culture of complete neglect on the education of ethics and general good behavior.  The rapists kids are not to be excused for their horrible hahavior.  The "friends" who saw and did nothing should not be excused either, though I understand they received immunity for their testimonies.  The culture needs to change, and to change that, it will take some serious lawsuits.  Somebody needs to sue the Steubenville shool district, the specific school, the football coach, the football programme and all its staff, and part of the demanded remedy should be the removal of the entire leadership of the school district and the football program.  Get rid of that football program for at least four years, so nobody on that team today can be part of that program before graduation (or do these players actually graduate?).  Bring some new people in who actually know what a proper education should be.  Very dramatic change that may be too disruptive to all the other innocent students in the district?  Maybe,  But none of the innocent students need to be under the supervision of and be taught by people who have no moral bearing.  The two girls now under arrest are just the newest examples of kids who don't know right from wrong.  Who have been teaching these kids?

I wish I was related to the victim. My prayers go out to her &amp; I'm proud of her strength. I wud of taught the boys and those girls a lesson. Trust what goes around comes around. Watch out !

Young girls need to quit getting drunk and not knowing what happened, and the young men need to be smart and aware of what decisions they make that can cost them a real heartache.  there are some things you just do not do.  i feel all that participated is guilty because it appears no one tried to stop it or do the proper thing.  young people start watching the news and become aware of your surroundings and the people you call your friends.  it is ok to party and have some fun but there is a limit to everything, and furthermore there should have been no drinking-just to young-try doing more positive things with your lives-something that will make your parents proud and for you to become useful and positives citizens in this society-remember you are the future so lets make it a good one.  opportunities don't come often.

Show of hands how many people after just reading the headline thought the threats came from boys?

Is there no end to the ignorance of trailer trash like this? Social media is the greatest gift to law enforcement since fingerprinting technology.

this sound like that movie jodie foster played in the accuse...get them all!!!!!

Where're these little #$%$ at?!!  I'll show you how to threaten someone properly.

ARE YOU #$%$ KIDDING ME.

The two girls will be held in " juvenile detention "? What a joke, its not like they skipped school or were caught drinking underage. But I guess the idiots in Ohio do not take threats against someones life seriously!i hope the girl gets all the money from the movie you know will be made of this.

The bully beast of revenge . . . the real force behind being popular

We have the names and faces of the now juilty young men, but now how about the name and face of the young lady who put herself in that situatoin. If you want to be a fan of fairness and justice then lets be fair and open the case up totally.

I think that it is time the parents start getting charge for their kids damage and you would a big change in the way they act

Moe, Curley, &amp; Larry?

I am not saying she deserved to be raped.  But consider this.   She got very drunk and had her shirt off and probably wanted them.

When is the stupid girl going to be held accountable for anything? Under-aged drinking: who provided that? What about her parents?

Alleged victom ? THEY WAS COVECTED OF RAPE ! SHE WAS A VICTOM AS5HOLES !!! Why cant they say what is the TRUTH ? or is the news a football nut to ?

Interesting. republicans criticize Pakistan for punishing rape victims. Everyone does, but republicans do it on a bigoted level. Yet here are republicans threatening a rape victim for interfering with their football. It reminds me of when republicans threatened the girl Kobe Bryant raped for interfering with their basketball.Sports fans are republican. Since republicans lack the potential to accomplish anything great, they must rely on nonsense like patriotism and sports teams as sources of pride, even though they contribute nothing to those. A republican will even overlook his racism to support a black rapist if he plays a sport that makes that republican feel good about himself.

the girl is not embarresed anymore for her sexual trollop behavior and is more than happy she destrpyed 2 kis lives.   Her friends need to be careful ablout partying with her as they will wind up the same if she gets mad at them.   Now she knows she can destroy any guy she wants to.pretty das that we live in a society that claims were free but you can be arrested for words written

#$%$? Kill these animals already=thugazz basturds-public hanging

All these wonderful teens you Gen X'ers are "raising" will be running the country soon. LOL

so you can run or tackle,that don,t make you special,blacks think they can do what ever they what to and the staff at the school wont do nothing,keep your hands off ,its not right that girls has to put up with this #$%$,in public schools across america,white america fight back

So I been following this crime I don't agree on alott of what the teen boys done... however, I feel a rape is someone who is caught off guard taken and unwilling have intercourse.... a female who was so drunk she can't remember weather she wanted it or not. .. also she had female friends trying to get her away and she still waiting to stay shame on her... she needs to learn from this and if she is old enough to drink like she is an adult she needs to be old enough to take some what responsibility of her actions... I give little to no sympathy to females who been in this situation.... because I have had a friend who met a female in a 21 up club took her home and had druken sex next couple of days he got picked up by the laws starting he is being charged with rage on a 16 yrs girl... sentence 15 yrs in prison... I testify stating I was with him while he met her at the club... judge said he should have ask to see her id.... smh... females get looked stupid first by a boy or man and first thing they want to do is find a way to make them pay for it instead of thinking "damn I #$%$ up" in this case with the ohio boys no it wasn't right with what they done but it sounds like she wasn't refusing it either.... till the next day...

Republicans will flip flop on abortion now or they will flip flop on healthcare for the girl and the baby.Watch you can bet they flip flop on caring for the kids in fact they already have by cutting healthcare.

Liberals make heroes out of rapists like Kobe Bryant and Mike Tyson. Both American black hero rapists. These kids are just following in the foot steps of America's liberal media.

This case should have been tossed out. She went there looking to get laid and got it.

Threats on Twitter? And Facebook? Please, give me a break......The paranoid nation....

Shameful, these things happen when there is NO ADULT SUPERVISION !First night in jail is the toughest.

Too much trial by newspaper, here.This should never have been national newsfar too publicized

Notice the double standard! How come the girls are not exposed like the boys were? They threatend the #$%$, but their not being exposed? Just because their fe=MALE?

What's up with these stupid teen girls who get drunk and pass out thinking they have friends to watch over them? yeah right only to take dam perverted pictures over them getting raped by losers like these two and having there shame posted on the internet....where are the parents and the moral guidlines they should of taught to them about consuming alchohol and the consequences after?

Wait until the truth comes out as to why the two girls threatened the victim. This was not the first time the victim was violated while in a drunken stupor. Now go figure out the rest.

Steubenville will suffer like Penn State and deservedly so.  The "two little girls" deserve to be sentenced as adults.  Hopefully rheir coach will do some time.  Maybe he will "end up" like Joe Pa.  Vang

Everyone seems to be overlooking the fact that a 16 year old girl was black out drunk here? Last time I checked that is 5 years under the legal drinking age, where's her punishment?

just a year for there cowardly crime of rape, unjustice again!!!!

It's a shame these 2 weren't tried as adults.   Is it time this country lowered the age of majority to 16?   They will not learn from a year in detention, and they will never be any good to society.

They have been convicted so she is not an alleged victim. And she didn't accuse them of anything. The idiots did it right in front of others with cameras rolling. This is some pee poor writting. Let me guess a Foxtarded good christian? Yep!The only way she deserves these threats if the sex was consentual, but it wasn't, so she doesnt deserve this,  she was drunk, and those perverts tried to make her suck there whatchamacallits, and they jerked on her with semen all over her bely.Somebody is suffering, and in stead of trying to help, they made her suffer more.

All those who participated in the dissimination of these tragic incidents deswerve to be brought to justice. The defendants are not the ones here to be sympathetic to. they should have been treated as adults and convicted to 20 years in jail. The coach of that football team should be brought to trial for failing to do anything about this malicious act and obstructing justice. I support the attorney-general in  his attempt to clean up this immoral shameful act. shame on the media for sympathising with the defendants. what STUPIDITY

Wild things

This is Not National News; certainly not 2/5's of it.  Smokescreen?

Social media brings out the worst in people. It's the devil at work in many people.

Instead of feel sorry for the victim and try to comfort her, they threnten her, instill feat, and try to make her feel guilty, like its her fault, Makes me sick.

Order the new highway signs and print up the new city stationery--it's now officially called Stupidville, Ohio.

Black girls, or white girls being used as meat and potato's?

I bet these 2 hoes are white!

Maybe the 2 gals typed the threats when drunk...?...innocent ?35,000 white women are raped by African American men. Think I'm racist? Well the stats are readily available on the FBI's website. Gimme thumbs down if you hate the truth!

Both kids will make it out just in time for spring football at LSU. They are gonna be stars. Rape doesn't matter if you can catch a ball.

I heard a rumor that Stubenville used to be a town in Eastern Kentucky that just picked up and moved.I think that would explain the attitudes there.

Girl gets drunk and hangs out with a group called the Rape Crue.  She acts surprised she got raped. Sounds like a smart and life-long Democrat.

Musta been black girls..............

Thank God they are arresting these pcs. bleep. I hope they rot in solitary confinement for 3 years and think about what they did. They need to be made to listen to preaching from a serious fire and brimstone preacher to scare the devil out of them. They need to be made to do work alone. No TV or movies and no congregating with other prisoners. Jail and prison needs to try and  change sociopaths to have empathy and morals.

Once  she was  sober, she  reported  the  threats,  after  saying...  ' I don't  know  what  happen"  first  I was  guzzling  down  Vodka  from a  bottle and  them  *pow*  they  threatened me.

Kids pull stuff like this every weekend in every town in America.  Why are the two on the left smiling? The whole thing should have been kept behind closed doors, for the victim and the rest, those boys may be delinquent but all the people around didn't stop it and no parents stopped the multiple parties, and that girls friend tried to stop the girl from going and she hit her to go anyways. Kids do stupid #$%$ everyday! They should have got all of them psyc therapy, and had a peer court to sort out the rest to really teach them ALL a lesson to pass on to all involved (or not) not to do #$%$ like this anymore. D.A.R.E. AT WORK?

Think the girl will be stupid enough to drink again, or party, and whatever else she was doing wrong?

The whole situation is terrible and should have never occured, but  still in all the young girl is not all so innocent either.  she needs to learn her lesson as well by not getting drunk and then not remembering what happened, how many times have you seen or heard of this happening-young people start listening to the news and become aware of your surroundings or you choose as your friends and the others that were involved should have used better judgement in their decisions. I bet no one ever thought it would come to this.  well hopefully a lesson  is learned - under these unfortunate conditions.The victim's loud-mouthed mom is a self serving pig. She effed up raising her kid and wants to blame everybody but herself.

What those boys did to this girl was wrong and they got what they deserve. However, when you wind up so plastered at 16 that you cannot look out for yourself, you obviously are not the model teen. I agree the boys are pieces of garbage that did something stupid and vile while they were drunk under age. But this young lady crossed some lines too. And now the DA is chasing down threats from other teenage girls. I am glad to see that they are occupying themselves with additional teen drama while all kinds of harmful crimes go unnoticed. That's it, follow the media attention while it last Mr. DA...

What a wast of time and money.....

right-wing 4ssholes are still confused about rape........during the election, they couldn't figure it out.

how come the girl didn't get any charge for drinking as a minor????

Why is everyone on here so quick to paint the girl as an innocent victim? Had she been a known prostitute would you be so angry? This was a bunch of kids doing what kids today do and if not for modern technology, would have been nothing more than gossip at school on Monday. I'm not condoning what the guys did ,( I hate jocks), I'm just asking why so many people think they should get 50 years if not death? And what kind of parent lets their daughter get into a situation like that? Go ahead with the replies, I'm not going to read them, Tell me how she slipped out and the parents didn't know. What then does that say about her? When I was 16, I knew how to make decisions and the concequences of them. There were always "lose" girls that had sex and liked to party . This just sounds to me  like an extreme case of "date rape" .

Our government is out of control as are our children and Democrats.

just another smack in the face of free speech. If you don't like what they said, just ignore them.

You guys watch movies with Mike Tyson and sports with Kobe Bryant. You are all lying full of  #$%$ hypocrites just running with the mob.

Always send internet threats from McDonalds or some other place with free wifi.Didn't Ohio go for Obama and all Democrats in their legislature. That explains a lot.

she has to take a small part, she got that drunk come on. The boys died wrong.

This is getting interesting...

Mom only cares about what her daugther is doing AFTER the damage is done. Great parenting all around. Ohio is Democrat stronghold for Obama.

Alcohol and maybe something else is what adds to teenage mistakes and screw ups. But it seems like one of them should only be charged with a non severe form off sexual assault or harassment.

The adults in this town are way over due for a belting! Oh yeah, getting the belt is not PC any more.  There is the problem! Its no surprise the last 30years young adults have gotten out of control. Teachers are not even alowed to spank an unruly brat.

Not many are standing up for the victim I wonder why?? Do they know something we don't???

Here's how it plays out. These two rule Juve as big football players penned up with like 8-12 year kids who start fires in the back yard. They get out in 6 months due to over-crowding. Their records are sealed and almost impossible to open unless by the FBI for some special investigation. Almost impossible to get it unsealed. They'll be out in time to cop a full ride to LSU or USC. Then onto the NFL where you people will cheer for him because he's on your team. Nobody will ever hear about these guys raping someone ever again after 6 months. They got a 6 month paid vacation for raping a white chick.

I'm sorry folks, we're gonna have to lock up everyone in Ohio. It's gonna be expensive and gonna be a big prison. We should have locked you all up before Obama got re-elected.

This comment sucks bigtime so blocked by administrator.I hope she goes after a cival case against them

You just can't fix stupid. Are they going to change the name of the town to Stupidville? Where are the Parents of all these less than intelligent fools that can't seem to get the fact that these boys convictions were a slam dunk because of their use of social media. So they jump on social media and commit a crime right on the heels of this case! Again, you just can't fix stupid!

If being too drunk to consent is rape, then I've been raped by several women.

Come to Steubenville where you can rape prodigiously and likely not see any jail time.  Even if you do, you'll be able to get out in 3 months on good behavior.

Are people in this region just morally bankrupt???  One insane behavior after another, majority of bar patrons condemning the poor girl..(from respected Sports columnist), now threatening text messages, etc... Unbelievably disgusting.  The citizens of this area have some serious soul searching to do about their priorities,,,

Ya goin to be loose...don't expect to be treated like a lady. She would have opened her legs for any player if she was stone sober. This Spring break....over 1,000 girls will be "raped" in a conscious or unconscious state. Get real.

I agree with KV. Did they do something to the water???

I say she was GHBed too! Now we need some more heads to roll and then people might start to get it !

Rape, intimidation are everywhere, not just one town or one country. It's learned mentality, but from what influences? Internet?

When will sports stars learn...the rules apply to them...I think all of us would report one of our friends being molested...I think those girls wer never a real friend anyway...any friend would never leave her...I hope they learn a lesson on #$%$" behaviorThey will probably get more time when the two that rape the girl

Alcohol is the best. I'm glad it legal and pot is not. Pot leads to rape, violence and car crashes.

All under age drinkers better figure that out first. They all should go to jail she put herself in the wrong place. Alcohol and teens don't mix.

They go after these girls, but when all the hot shot Blacks were texting all kinds of info about George Zimmerman and Zimmermans family. Guess when you are hot shot blacks it's OK to do things like that!

Who cares!

Crime or no crime. This girl is incredibly stupid. Don't send her to college. Vocational school.

If it wasn't for drunk easy stupid girls at parties, there would be no reason for parties.

This girl thought she was old enough for sex and alcohol even after her friends tried to get her to leave. She should get a year as well for being so fuqqing stupid.

gees, once again the stupidity of youth is shownfor all that went on, in the totality of, it, it is way overblownevery day, WAY worse #$%$ happens than a teen getting stupid drunk and fingeredbut the media keeps hyping, and hyping....

What good chicks if not for ravaging?Two more people who's lives are ruined due to the Feminist Inquisition and Salem-like "Rape" Trials.

Mr. AG is tough on alleged crimes by kids.  Since last August 2012 or for 7 months, corrupt, incompetent Mr. AG &amp; State of Ohio CPS had failed or refused to arrest, charge or investigate any adult citizen for serial child abuse and neglect, endangering the welfare of minors, underage drinking, underage drunk driving, adults hosting kids drug-alcohol parties etc. But within a matter of minutes, police, within 2 different States, fully investigated and arrested 2 Ohio kids for alleged threats to a WV kid and ready to take kids to unconstitutional bench trials in corrupt Ohio Juvenile Court, again.FYI: All citizens are entitled to a public fair Jury Trial, including minor children, as guaranteed by the US Constitution.  In the Ohio aleged "finger rape" case, the boys did not get Due Process or a Jury Trial at all.  No Jury would have convicted the 2 boys of "finger rape", as goofily defined by Ohio R.C. §2907.02  No Jury.  Mr. AG knows this, which is why he quickly lock up kids and try them through his unconstitutional bench trial system for a 100% conviction rate and ship them off to friends or family owned and operated juvenile prisons.

“Women who log onto an Illinois State Police web page will find that they are advised to protect themselves (in case of sexual assault) with a ‘rat tail comb, keys, pens and pencils’ against an assailant armed with a gun or knife. As a last resort, women are told to put their fingers into their throats and to make themselves vomit, apparently to make themselves less attractive.”My wife knows to pray to Jesus, out loud, she hits him between the eyes with her large capacity Colt model 1911  .45!Illinois, where only the Gangs have guns, and the Madigans are going to make it stay that way!

The nation is still watching you, Steubenville, and is VERY interested in seeing how justice is served there.

lets see how many people got their hands spanked in this, here comes two more. Oh no wait they may get more time then the rapers just saying. just my opinion

So girl gets away the crime of underage drinking? She walks away Scott free after willingly spreading her legs for the entire football team. I bet her name is Lisa.

If kids are being stupid, then blame the parents.

Unreal. The girls are defending rapists? Must have Republican parents?

Her first clue should have been, "Hmmmm should I get completely wasted and hang out with the Rape Crue". Sounds like she is Valedictorian material.

The girl has been charged with under-aged drinking, public intoxication and public endangerment.... she should be.People dat r into dis need deliverance.

If these girls were in the army with their other friends they'd be Heroes for doing the same thing. Strange world!

I personally knew a chick who tried to get pregnant as much as she could for the sole purpose of having an abortion.  She had 11 confirmed "kills"  She also kept the fetus in jars in her room.

How is the Godless morally bankrupt liberal society working out for you?

Why do you think we throw parties. To get you dumb ho's drunk and take advantage of you. Been working forever, will work forever. Women are stupid. We are lions, you are gazelles.

Here's an undeniable stat the Democrats will hate. 35,000 white women are raped by African American men. Think I'm racist? Well the stats are readily available on the FBI's website. Gimme thumbs down if you hate the truth!

There's always one stupid girl who gets too drunk ruins everything. This girl destroyed a town because she's an alcoholic with bad parents.

When I was disrespectful to a woman, my dad punched me in the mouth. So I only did it twice. Unfortunately if you discipline your child today a Democrat will take the child away. They loving killing babies in the womb though, go figure.

They have been convicted so she is not an alleged victim. And she didn't accuse them of anything. The idiots did it right in front of others with cameras rolling. This is some pee poor writting. Let me guess a Foxtarded good christian? Yep!

I say their punishment will be they get to drink a six pack and have someone they don't like rub their #$%$. Oh the horror of it all!!!!Getting so drunk and doing so willingly is so stupid it should be considered consent. The girl should get a year as well.

The irony is that if they had actually arrested every boy that had sex with her while she was too drunk they would have to try half the men in town and probably send out for a new judge and jury.

This is not a threat. I will rape the poo out of your pooper if you dislike this post

Stupid girls gets drunk, feels guilty, cries rape. Destroys town. Unemployment rate goes up even more in Ohio.

Problem is if you discipline your child or teach him morals or about God the Democrats will ridicule you are try and take your child away.

I was there at the party. This girl stated she wanted to do the whole football team before she passed out. Sounds like consent to me.

Girl is a #$%$ and an alcoholic. She was gonna get raped at some point with her lifestyle. #$%$ gets stabbed a lot. Goes with the territory.

What was the vitims name? Anybody have a link to her facebook?

Boys will be boys.....they were just lettin off some steam ?

Why waste time. Who cares about facebook threats. Arent there some real crimes to invest time in?Well the girl did ruin two boys lives and got off scott free. I can understand why some would be upset with her. I heard she celebrated her victory of the boys conviction by thowing a wild keg party with a dozen of her closest male friends.

Yeah, all Negr0es and honkeys are real worthless rubbish.