Someone once said of nuclear power, "It ain't NEW, and it surely ain't CLEAR."

You have to love the Japanese---two years after a major catastrophe and they are up and running---Here in N.Y. we were told---we will have to wait 3 years to have our local roads repaved----no money----every time I drive over all these poorly patched pot holes---I think of the fall of the Roman Empire.

YoutubeFukushima two years after.

All fixed. Until the next time.

Fukushima turned me completely against Nuclear power.  I still like the concept.  But finding how non-fail safe these systems are,  how dependent on active systems to prevent meltdowns,  was a huge disappointment.  I no longer trust what they say.

I think people owe a great deal of thanks to Mothra who has blown cooling wind over these reactors with her wings for the past years.

Huge disappointment to find Nuke plants are still so dependent on pumps and water &amp; such to prevent meltdowns.  Including storage tanks of used fuel!   Don't tell me about backup pumps and power supplies.   It's pretty obvious those manage to fail too.

Radiation in the ocean waters?McDees has come out with the Glow in the dark Filet-O-Fish sandwich.

2 years to restore? That's slow!Only 1 reactor is covered? It took 6 months to completely cover Chernobyl.

Check out ENENEWS for Fukushima nuclear plant updates, lots of info...and in other news, a huge electrified green lizard has just been spotted in Tokyo bay !

How much radioactive water was leaked in the ocean total?  Is radiation being detected on people who eat fish from the pacific ocean?  It's been two years and they are still operating with temporary equipment? What is the body count?There just isn't enough news in this news.

Total meltdown and radiation spewing forth around the globe for years in a nuclear catastrophe that dwarfs Chernobyl. Then I read they are operating the plant on makeshift equipment and get this ... may be running it a bit "too hard".Am I the only one who is saying #$%$ this morning???

Sounds Unhealthy And Dangerous To Me, But Someone(s) Somewhere Is Getting Rich And THAT'S The Main Thing, RIGHT?

Jet stream will bring this to our doorstep in next week, as fallout, rain, or snow, you can check out several radiation web sites which will indicate radiation levels all across US.

If reactors got hot, they released radiation. there is a Fukushima live cam you can watch, it was releasing alot of steam which is probably radio hot.

When the plant went down they said it was safe.  When Radiation was spilling out they said it was safe.  We send an Air craft carrier 1 mile away to help.  Sailers were exposed to radition while scrubbing the deck to clean off the radation.  Sailers dying a slow painfull death for this as well many other villagers that lived around the plant.  Why has the news not covered this?  The Tuna caught near Japan is full of radiation but our Government says they are safe to eat.  Lets watch the leaders of the country eat some fresh sushi from those fish then tell me its safe.  Why has the media not covered the truth on this disaster?  Freedom of Press?  Only if the current adminastration tells them they can cover it

Isn't this about the time that Godzilla is supposed to show up?

Don't laugh too hard Americans-our politicians and money men got a few of them beauties in ur own back yard!!

Mr. Fish (Ono), is saying it like it is- they have not a clue as to what they are doing.About due for another earth quake aren't they?

Here we go again; TEPCO, the power company that can't maintain power to its most critical facility.  Incompetence.

Nuclear energy is not worth the risk. Lets look to healthy greener ways to create energy.

We need to stop using uranium.  Thorium is far less dangerous and a lot more abundant.

Nuclear power supporters are like working and middle class voters who support the Republiclown party. They are cheering on policies that are against their own best interests and lead to their own destruction. Fascinating.Peace

I DON'T think ALL the TRUTH is comeing out yet.

year's of radiation spilling into the sea.......very ,very sad.

They lie, that place is still puking out radiation. That place will be unsafe for thousands of years. Tell the truth for once you crooks.

So living NEAR the area is not allowed yet, but working AT the plant is fine?

Why is this plant still running?What is that dumb looking yellow emblem that appears next to the name of some posters?  Is it some kind of kindergarten award?

That plant dear people has been washed cool with sea water, that water is sending a plume of radioactivity through the Pacific and into Alaskan waters, just like the junk we can "see". Really fish and sea life from those waters are now polluted because of this. I no longer eat fish from the Pacific or Alaska.

It is safe, do not worry. It is very very safe. The only problem it is that plutonium

Just remember 75% of our nuclear plants store spent fuel the same way.

Still looks sick

ugh.  reading these comments underscores the lack of education in our country.  keep worrying about who the gay guy brings to prom and start teaching people to read again.

The media has hidden the reality of the worst nuclear accident in history. It's not even close to being over.

each storage pool that goes "un-cooled" belches more Cesium into the atmosphere every day than Chernobyl did in its entirety...

Nuclear radiation is good for humans.Ann Coulter- FAUX News

I don't see how it could be safe but I also don't know anything about nuclear power.Regardless of what people say, Nuclear Power is still one of the safest power sources out there because it strikes such fear into the hearts of people. It took a huge earthquake, a large tsunami and several equipment failures to bring this plant to the brink of a complete disaster. Earthquakes alone destroy entire regions but this plant stood through it.

it has been over a year since this tragedy, and you are just getting power to a pump? i thought the japanese were smarter than that. but then again what do i know.

Where but japan, do you run broken nuclear plants?  Are they hellbent on dying from radiation poisoning?

America has killed Japan with our own technology, those we haven't killed yet will be done in by the Tokyo Electric Power Co.. The Fukushima Dai-Ichi plant will never be safe to use in a hurricane, earthquake, tsunami prone environment The Fuushima plant is the real Godzilla in Japan.

That place should be closed and never opened again!!!

Japan has complete bungled the response to this disaster.  Hundreds of people, maybe thousands, starved or died of exposure. This country has the resources to prevent it.  It is a global scale disaster and historical mismanagement.  It amazes me that the world press has given the most incompetent government on the planet a free pass.The nuke plant is a really unimportant sideshow.

Mari Yamaguchi should have started by saying that the power was lost only since Monday.  Actually, this situation is not worth reporting at all on CNN---temporary power outage for a day or two stopping the circulation of cooling water.What is worth mentioning is that  TEPCO still doesn't know where the melted down fuel of the three reactors are!  They all melted down within a few days of the EQ and Tsunami two years ago.  The radioactvity is so high that electric circuits in robots breakdown before pictures can be taken..              DCGuru

Japan is the best at disaster readiness they got nuked, tsunami, and quaked to oblivion, these people are STRONG to make this kind of come back.

The place around has no people occupied. Therefore, the radiated material could be keep flowing out. Who cares and who is responsible for that?

Japan just has bad luck when it comes to nuclear/atomic bombs....I mean nuclear/atomic power.I 'dunno'! Maybe its just me! But reconstructing a nuclear power plant on the ruins of the Tsunami ravaged old nuclear power plant, does not seem like a good idea to me! Do they think there will never be 'Another Tsunami'?

Wish GE could send them some power generators.

IF they keep this up the American auto makers won't have to worry about the competition taking over the auto industry. With the nuke plants they will make the island uninhabitable, without the nuke plants there is not enough power to run the auto manufacturing industry.

the filthy liers dont eat the fish from pacific dont eat anything from there dont go there

Japs are crying for PAPA...Those apes are dying!!!

And "partial" operation with makeshift equipment is a helluva lot more dangerous than full at a nuke plant.  As for you, "Ming"...mother nature was responsible for the whole thing.

more #$%$ lies on japoan. only the stupid sheep beleive the #$%$.do your own research this story is completely bogus.

I like how the US story leaves out some VERY pertinent information.  I took this from another article that isn't owned by the US media resources....As reported in October 2012, ground under Fukushima Unit 4 is sinking. During an interview in late 2012, Mitsuhei Murata, the former Japanese Ambassador to both Switzerland and Senegal, explained that the ground beneath the plant’s Unit 4 is gradually sinking, and that the entire structure is very likely on the verge of complete collapse. Many scientists say if Unit 4 collapses, not only will Japan lie in ruin, but the entire world will also face serious damages, Mr. Murata said.Though it is really unclear how the situation will develop any bad news coming from Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant stirs the negative feelings to the max.

Whhy the hell are they operating those damaged powerplants!!!!!frugality is dangerous in this situatioooonnn

This is how Godzilla was born.Oh good, just in time for WWIII

Chernobyl resulted from a test anomaly.

The TEPCO spokesman may not be telling the whole truth to the public. They should learn from their past mistakes.

Not for long, Mothra and Rodan are coming

One more big quake in Japan and the entire northern hemisphere of the planet will be unfit for human existence. Google building 4 spent fuel pool and see for yourself.

Japenese ancesters placed huge stone tablets by the sea saying build no closer than this to the sea,so the japenese put these power plants,right by the sea?????????I thought they were smarter than white people????????????

It's a shame how the Japanese government has handled this disaster. You would think that governments of the world would come together and help Japan out with this debacle since all of us live here on Earth. We are ruled by absentee landlords much more interested in aggrandizing themselves than ever doing the right thing like admitting failure or facing real challenges like this nuclear catastrophe in Japan.

Power restored?  HUh? Time to dump nuclear power or at least at that plant, duh......so stupid, put Japan is a puppet of the West and must listen.

Opportunity knocks but once．Here's a gift for you.efairshop

Imagine another earthquake or tsunami and the damage to this band aided damaged plant??When that dumb and shameless rural farmer, Harry Truman decided to aid the enemy w/o cause (Guess who killed tens of thousands of American soldiers and bombed Honolulu), he committed sins and crimes of the past century!!! But Heaven will Right the Wrongs!!!

Not to fear...the crew and I will be restoring nuclear power to North Korea as soon as we penetrate their airspace. Release of nuclear weapons has been authorized...no need to fear, problem will be stabilized shortly. This is the Captain speaking...over!

Not this again...the Japanese and nuclear power do not mix. If North Korea attacks in the near future their first target will be Japanese nuclear power plants and then what unprecedented radioactive contamination impacting the whole world. After two years since the tsunami I wonder what the radiation level is 5 miles from Fukushima? 20 miles? In Tokyo? The Pacific Ocean adjacent to Japan? 50 miles from the coast? Casualties-both Japanese and American naval and civilian first responders? So many unanswered questions and can we really trust the Japanese government to tell the truth? History shows their separation from truth telling measured in REM.

Meanwhile the people of Haiti still live in tents and wait for SOMEONE else to fix their houses while they totally wasted the billions donated by the good people of this country. I ponder how many blacks donated to Haiti? Hmmmmmmm? I bet less than 1% of the money came from blacks. And they hate us? We are the racists?

EXCELLANT!Get 'er up and runnin again!Just wasn't a big enough disaster the first time.TRY AGAIN.

Cue Godzilla.

$2.3 Trillion. That's a lot of money. The USA borrowed $16T to pay for the economic recession.  Catastrophic debt.

An 8.9 earthquake will hit Fukushima in August and the fuel rods will have a meltdown and contaminate half the planet.

Ban nuclear poison power NOW!

They got me fired from work, have be isolated from everyone so they can torture me with anonymous phone calls, people jaggering me in the street, make me angry and fuel their nuclear plants. Its going to repeat the tsunami and earthquake again till they go competely under the plate. That is the final fate of those who seek to torture others and gain by that.the japanese government is about to restart the ones which have been put on hold. the safety standards are supposed to be pretty good- that is the ones written with the help of the nuclear power advocates!

Nuclear is NOT safe. Here the Diablo Canyon had clogged intake pipes, the San Orofino plant releases radiation.....the problem here is this technology went ahead without any way to reprocess.  The egotistical assumption was that 'build it and the problems will be solved';as the pools of hot used rods--  98% of the radioactive energy still inside-- sit in every single nuke facility across the US demonstrate.

goverment the leeches of life. but a dead nip is a good nip. keep up the shity work

lier. They are destroying the japanese population.

Screw Japan, I hope there's meltdown!

Never trust the japanese. God will punish them one more times and will be a very big one.

What's a little radiation going to do anyway?