The silver lining to that cloud, though, is the same storms pretty much put out a forest fire in the Great Smokey Mountains in Tennessee that started up on Sunday. Maybe Yahoo should look for good news to compliment the bad.

i feel blessed all we got was some more snow and 4 below temps.....hang in there warm is coming

Yep, and I'm one of them without power. I've been in the dark since 7o'clock Sunday afternoon. This sucks!

Cipher is an idiot for suggesting any similarity between some thunderstorms and hurricane Sandy, but hey, that's what partisan idiots do.

I mean Monday afternoon. Oops

At least it's not freezing, or a sweltering summer day!

I wish all we had gotten was rain and power outages.  We got hail in sizes ranging from pea size to baseball size.  Now I'm in line for a windshield, back window and body work after the insurance people look at my car.

And unlike the Blue state whiners of New York and New Jersey.  These people will muddle on clean up their neighborhood, share a meal with each other and survive.

Rangers power up.The transformers need your help.

most bankers and big business owners are wasps(white anglo saxon protestants, most wasps are decent but the corrupt oligarchy is mostly wasp) when the economy is bad they order their mass media flunkies to do tons of articles about "The Jews" to divert attention from the wasp bankers stealing everyones money and their corruption....this is standard procedure. They will also do tons of articles in their owned "alternative" media about the rothschilds even though that family is probably onl y part jewish and a front for the thousands of inbred pagan, wasp banker, big business oligarchy.The .01 percent corrupt oligarchy hate everyone but them, it is just convenient for them to start the jew bashing in the media as its an effective scapegoating technique.Shadang Honey, we should have went geothermal.....

Why is it rainy?  It's global warming.Why is there a drought?  It's global warming.Why are there blue skies?  Global warming.Why are there gray skies?  Yep, global warming.Sure wish Earth Science was this simple when I was going through school.

Yes , and Mississippi had severe weather too.  Extensive property damage from hailstorms central &amp; southern areas. My niece was on interstate in Jackson MS , windshield busted out . Thank GOD they got to a safe place.

That sounds like an extreme weather event.

most of them lost their power already because (r)ednecks buy beer before paying their power bills

But what if you're one of those "Doomsday Preppers" ?  You probably got no problem since you have a generator, candles, MRE's &amp; fresh water, and batteries, and the bank is closed, and the ATM doesn't work, but you planned on not needing that stuff anyhow.

A #$%$ makes for a better friend than ", and all other simple minded liberals any day of the week.

Mostly in "red states" so they deserve it.  Let them sit in the dark.