GOW RAWKS !!! Kratos be the man !!! ( goes into weapons upgrade screen ) Schlang !!!

lmao this is under the news section

Another God of War game. Sounds good to me.

If its a prequel why are you saying there are no gods left to kill, he hasn't killed them yet. Stop reviewing please.

if you are a true fan , you will still enjoy this game, yes maybe they wore out the series but it's still fun people !!

What a dumb article.

Just watching the walk through on You Tube is awesome... Playing the actual game kicks #$%$!! This reporter should stick with "Sim City" if he/she needs that much suspension of disbelief.

"Frankly, the tormented Spartan seems more exhausted than bloodthirsty, and it's time Sony gave him a rest. Two stars out of four." This "review" of Ascension is superficial to say the least. None of the information here provides any insight to the actual gameplay, quality of graphics or storyline/characters.Nothing about this game is tired or played out. If anything, it has added new and awesome abilities to the  much loved gaming found in GoW III. The ability to rebuild/destroy whole structures is fascinating and fun. You also never mention the Kraken in your "review".You have no honor here.

Give it couple weeks for the price to drop down like all games.

seriously...i mean did they just need to fill space with something?I've enjoyed the God of War series ever since the first one for PS2. I do agree, however, that Ascension is the weakest of them all. I also agree that the series has run it's course. It just isn't much fun unless you're bringing down the gods of Olympus.

This game is badass and deserves 4 out of 5. True it is the weakest in the series story wize but it is very fun and just plan beautiful. I mean seriously Halo, Gears, call of Duty is the same thing every time and gets perfect scores so ignore this if you are a fan of GOW

Great Game... Great Story.. I like the new combat features even though never been a multiplayer fan..

When i get bored at work, i like to criticize topics i have no freaking clue about too. Stay in your own world Lou and i'll stay in mine.

he can start killing the gods of india,celts (in their it sounds like kelts not selts) or go after odin now that would be an #$%$ kickin.

Why do they let non-gamer glomes do reviews? Go back to what you know which is nothing noobcake.

God Of War is like an Arnold movie.Its all about mayhem.Kill every living thing in your path with great graphics.Who cares about the story.They killed his second cousin.There.Game starts

Nothing about this series has changed since the first game. This is just a copy and paste of God of War 3 with a new story (if you can call it that)

Thank you hooked on phonics for being intelligent unlike the writer of this review. I beat the game and am the story is great. Just what a prequel should be. The graphics for the environment or miraculous as well

Who says he has to stop at killing Greek gods?  I'm sure they could very well just start creating their own if they wanted.  The Kraken was in number 2, and he's not Greek.