Murder and racketeering in New Jersey?? Surely they jest.

Greed will bring this nation down.

Just another guy who thought he was above the law.

What's the matter with America?  Lawyers!!

A crooked lawyer?    Hello, TAP TAP, is this thing working?Next, they will discover a crooked lawyer in Chicago too.

Like an old retired police officer told me years ago. 'The difference between a police officer and a criminal is only about one-one hundreth of a second of what could be called morality'.

Hince the term Lawyer. did you have a doubt that he would be a very educated #$%$

From prosecutor to defender to criminal? Guess he went over to the Dark Side and decided that crime DID pay, since the perps were so much wealthier than the victims. . .

Justice would give this #$%$ suit a death penalty. Too many evil rich get luxury prison.

If it wasn't for crooked lawyers we wouldn't have CongressWell, he once had the law in his hands. Now he's in the hands of the law. It's bye bye birdie to him.

A quite entrepreneurial one.

Welcome to New Jersey....  If this was an example of law enforcement can you imagine how bad the criminals are?

I'm sure this maggot never did anything unethical as a prosecutor either.

A prominent New Jersey attorney facilitating a laundry list of crimes? Who would have thought New Jersey lawyers and politicians were crooks. OK. Democratic Senator Menendez and Obama crony Democratic governor Corzine do come to mind as New Jersey crooks.

Well, no plates of cocaine for you, and the sheep lamb will be withheld every Christmas from now on.  Your old friends say bye, bye, and your new friends will be glad to see you.

Interesting that it takes a Federal court to do what the State courts cannot or not do.

Another guy who was in the government now headed to prison,and we should trust the government.

This article supports the theory that the reason most attorneys wear ties is to keep their foreskin from sliding up over their heads.

Persecutors when they use the system to lie, imprison and kill people are OK. Freelancing is strictly prohibited.sounds like a B rate movie. the mob better kill him before he rolls on them.

lawyers and cops,,borderline criminals

Typical Democrat of New Jersey.  DEMOCRATS The most Corrupt Party EVER

Wow, this guy would have fit right in on the Chicago Crooked Politician Klan.

I picture him saying "Trust Me!"

Don't know why corrupt lawyers surprise anyone. Think about, what law school teaches is how to lie and be convincing to a jury, how to get clients off by sidestepping laws and in general just plain old lie.

Here's a wise guy that tried to put all his duckies in a row. First as a prosecutor, putting away the bad guys, and then he figured, whoops, I better start trying to defend some of these dudes I might be bunkin with someday in the event I get busted. Guess what sweet cheeks. YOUR TIME HAS COME..........BETTER HOPE THE ONES YOU DEFENDED OUTNUMBER THE ONES YOU PUT AWAY.

Well he was to good of a lawyer.There is a old saying that a man who defends him self is a fool.I rest my case

Well at least he has a fool for a client and will get convicted.

If you look at Lawyers, no matter where you find them, they are all opportunists. The real Crooks are the judges.99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.

I can not wait to read his appeal - ineffective counsel?

This is what they call " Networking" in the work place.

New Jersey and Illinois have an awful lot in common....

Sounds like he should have been at least a senator.

The man should have run for president! he was surely qualified.

No jail time just Boil Him in Oil like in the olden days !

A crooked lawyer?

When he gets out, He can find a job in Chicago.

When a lawyer runs for political office you can bet he's not honest or incompetent most political offices pay much less than than the real world which tells me he can't stand real competition doing his professionShouldn't he be Mayor of Camden or Atlantic City or something? Seems to have the traditional qualifications.

lay down with dogs you get fleas

Finally a lawyer who doesn't just take your money and read a newspaper while you are left floating down the river.  This guy goes out and gets IN the newspaper.  He does whatever he needs to roll over the opposition, even if it means getting a real steamroller.

The real problem is no American is suprised and would actualy agree that most poloticians are probibly guilty of crimminal behaviour  though maybe not on such a grand scale ....maybe.

Haaaa...yea...doesnt murder..racketeering ..and new jersey go together like cookies and milk.  Crazy jersey guys...YO!!!...ILL BUST YOUR HEAD TOUGHGUY!!!

A corrupt lawyer in New Jersey? I'm shocked!

What a POS.

I LOVE watching a prosecutor going to prison . All his friends are waiting for him .

Hey! This guy is giving nj a bad rap. LOL!!!

Anything to make money ! And the right and the left are all the same S---Gov. Christie can tell us all how WONDERFUL New Jersey is.........a great place for business, and a great place to Live

we should allow lawyers to ruin the country

I am sure there are many more like him around the country.

Taking after Chicago in how things work in the halls of fake justice..

This fellow is being 'eyed' as Obama's top pick for Attorney General...

Silly wackadoodle liberal.

Made it Ma, top o theWORLD •______•

the typical slimeball,greedy lawyer sworn to uphold the law. He reminds me of our so call representives in washington or judical system, and corporate america, they are all corrupt I believe.

Ive told you time and time again, there IS NO MAFIA!!!.....

It makes Bloomberg's large gulp issue look petty. I'm glad they got this punk. But, vetting lawyers seems like a long-term solution.I give him two weeks, tops

Went from putting men in jail to be sexually assaulted. To getting to know his bunkmate! Sounds like you deserve it.

Absolute power corrupts absolutely

When lawyers are permitted to lie in court during trials, our justice system becomes an unjust system.  Just like the witnesses are required to do, the attorneys also should swear on a Bible to uphold 'truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help me God.', and hope to be struck mute should they lie.  The lawyers are now the criminals - no justice anywhere anymore!

and lawyers make up the crux of our 'elected' officials....folks...integrity went out in the 70's...you've got a big hill to climb to get it back....and you're not even on the path yet.

Another liberal douche.

Well, at least it didn't take ten years to get him.  A prosecutor IS a political animal, you know.

New Jersey - hard on law-abiding citizens, easy on criminals.

One thing for sure, he was in the right job.  The whole judicial system is nothing but a cesspool.

A crooked lying lawyer from New Jersey? You're kidding.Lets see how bad you are in prison!

His client is a FOOL.

Bubba is going to love getting to know that POS on a personal basis !!!!

What I wanna know is why do these people keep thinking they can away with this #$%$. Sheeesh! Every one of them must think, "Oh no, not me, nobody's going to catch me. I got my stuff together." Guess what?  They caught your f*****g #$%$.

This guy is really a criminal lawyer

When he gets out he will run for office.

He should do just fine in prison! LOL

He sounds like a Union Lawyer to me.  Unions rule New Jersey.

They should be charging a whole lot of procecutors who push trials of innocent defendents.

Isn't he the brother of the guy that went out with that mob guys sister until he got whacked •______•This is news???

And then wonder why no one trusts the judicial system.

He should be in the lawyers hall of fame

"baddest lawyer in the history of Jersey"Wow.. that says a lot.Are we sure? Maybe the others didnt get caught yet?

Another thug removed from the streets.

Wouldn't that make all the cases he brought before the courtinvalid?What party does this one represent?IMHO.

Good ole blue stater helping to fill up the prisons-----Joining Chicongo

Who does he think he is?? A politican

The guy forgot to pay his bribes to Uncle Sham and so now he's going up the river for a long, long time.

Consider this pos a potential cabinet member for the Chimp-in-Chief.(No further proof of corruption, immorality or disregard for legality required.)The only honest politicians I know are those elected as Tea Party members which is why all the other politicians keep bad mouthing them. Put the Tea Baggers in office and watch the country come back to sanity

He looks like the guy in the godfather movie the Godfather himself. The only difference is he tried to buy himself off.

Enjoy your stay in the federal slammer...the boys are REALLY going to like you!  My advice?  Ask for Atlanta, I hear the food is fabulous!

DEMOCRAT???

Chicongo in power.

This guy will simply set up shop behind bars, execute him.

A FEDERAL former  prosecutor,?  Figure that!

One nasty man who thought he was above the law! Glad he'll be going away for a few decades!

Robert, are you NUT's?  They convicted this man, of all charges!  And he should have been convicted.

Sounds like he thinks he is a Senator.Jersey, NY, Chicago ... they didn't get rid of the organized crime, just made it an official affair.

Nothing new there. Typical blue state.

Just more government crime and corruption.  I guess all governments in this country should get away with whatever they can because by the time Obama is through with this country, it won't be worth a schit.  He has got the country so deep in debt, it can never be paid, divided the citizens and divided the military and the Congress is almost non-existent and getting his way of destroying this country.

He'll be elected to congress, shortly after getting out of jail.

Must be a democrazy, or his full identity would include "former republican prosecutor" in every propaganda item about him.

..figures.....fox favorite.....

Why 2007-2013 for this?  Is that not a little past the due process portion?

Good movie bro.

Here comes the appeals!

Feds are scummy too.  Lies coming from all sides on this one.i have come the conclusion that you have to be dirty to be in public service

Hard to feel sorry for a snitch.

You realize he's a demorat, right?

I thought all lawyers were guilty of facilitating crimes.

I love these kind of stories.

when he get to prison he will meet his enemy there's no safe heaven.

I don't understand a lawyer who make good living and clean job end up been a #$%$.

He's a real prize, isn't he?

He must have been bed with Cliffside Park...

He learned everything he knows from hillary....This fool is TOAST the minute he hits the prison yard.

A bad lawyer?  Say it isn't so...

Waiting for the one in the governors office to go to prison, too.  He's robbing the citizens of NJ many times over.

I have news for ALL of you,he's going to a country club!

I am sure he was not the badest..Jerzey has some of the worst and corrupt lawyers and politicians.

maybe he should have hired a lawyer.

....a former prosecutor sentenced to prison? well, look at the bright side, he most likely would have many friends in there from his days as a prosecutor, or at least people that knew him. Of course, he is probably not to happy with such a prospect...

So what makes this guy any worse than every other lawyer??

we need more like him

And randy scores...with the mispelled word hence. Lol and therefore he proves he is uneducatedNo, say it isn't so, well this is america. Once he is out he will run for office under the "I Am A New Man Platform", gets lots of donations under the table and get elected. Life goes on.

Typical New Jersey trash.

Say it ain't true Bill an Hiliary.

Whoopie! Fresh meat!!!

you look at him and the very looks say guilty without doubt.

All Rise!!??

A crooked lawyer with mob connections in New Jersey?  The hell you say!

Should be fried

Hang'em high.

He had a fool for a client.This is crazy the bigger the crime the longer the verdict miss a child support payment warrent justice is blind

More republican red state hypocrites. Its the red states that lead the u.s. In crime people on the dole. Obesity, they receive more from the feds in benefits then they pay in taxes. Red state moochers

DGeez, does this mean he will be sanctioned by the nj state bar and be disbarred? Or, does he become known as the jailhouse lawyer with credenials?  Think i.m kidding.  Ever try to have an attorney sanctioned via a state bar complaint?  He will probably be allowed to charge attorney fees for his in.house legal service if nj is anything like ny.s treatment of the terrorist who got new hands after, prerumably, blowing em off while making a bomb!

As the old saying go you're not guilty until you're caught. The justice system needs an overhaul who could you trust. The criminals with no 2 little education or the criminals that a have good education,.

Well, he  IS a  former  prosecutor, not  like he is  not used  to  selling people off  for the right price.

And our judicial system get even weaker... I'm amazed the government don't throw him a party...

Sounds like a typical american business man, lawyer  government  employee police officer the list goes on,

I LOVE LIL' KIM! R White People JUST....CRAZY?!