These "no win" situations need to be avoided at all costs, I thought you were supposed to learn from history and not repeat it.

AB who is the terrorist?  It sounds like you are talking about the USA!

Good grief, when is this world cop mentality in Washington DC going to end.  The American People do not want it, and can't afford it, yet they persist in one failed adventure after another.  Please Washington, just take care of our own borders for a change.

I can smell this conflict from here.  Please don't get involved.

Frankly I don't want my brother deployed for this BS.  Are we saving American lives by getting involved, the answer is no.

Let Syria solve Syria's problems.  Unless you fought and earned your own freedom, it means nothing to you.  The USA should not send our troops to die for your freedom.  We can not be the policemen of the world.

Here's an idea:   Stay out of it.   There are civil wars raging throughout the world.   This is none of our business.

Just what we need - another trillion-dollar boondoggle!As Marine General Smedley Butler demonstrated in 1935, "War is a racket."

cant get our own stuff together quit trying to police the world

We should not take sides in a civil war.

Unbelievable... we are fighting on multiple fronts in the middle East, defending Europe from a defunct USSR, protecting Japan and South Korea... yet we are being invaded from south of the border... all the while our leaders give the communists our technology, industrial base and jobs in exchange for corporate profits and cheap goods. There is no greater enemy than the politicians and free trade globalists who are selling out America... They should all be arrested for treason.We passed a sequester.No money to get involved there.

I'm not psychic, but I see the U.S. spending a lot of money we don't have on this cesspool.

The US has promised to make Syria look like "liberated" Libya, Afghanistan, and Iraq.  Nightmare countries plunged into misery by the US.  There are cutbacks to all social programs in the US, but there is always money for war.  Stop the US War Machine!

The only idiot who wants American involvement inSyria is the person who has had a lobotomy performed to forget Iraq and Afghanistan. Let's send every member of Congress&amp;theprez.

I'd rather not have my tax dollars go to Syria. Let them figure it out by themselves.

Better not be any American boots on the ground!

We are broke, stay out of the mess.

"No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare."-James Madison

General Wes Clark, years ago:  the u.s.  had plans to take down Iraq, Libya, Syria, and several other countries including Iran.

How many American's are going to be killed this time?  We should all march on Washington SC if Congress, our President or NATO get us into another war.This is a muslim issue, not a world issue.ARMAGEDDON HERE WE COME!

I have a good contingency plan for our military. Come home and protect our south border.

Just what we DON,T need , another fricking war thats NONE OF OUR BUSINESS !  The last 4 or 5 bankrupted us to the point that even our grandkids will never get paid off so now these clowns and idiots want to start another !  Let THEM get on the front line and run point and let THEM pony up for the tab in lives and bucks !

Nonstop war.

We can't send anything because our military budget has been cut, and all we have left is for our own defense not that of other countries. But we do have some leftover chemical weapons were not going to be using if they want them.

thats not our buisness over there,

Dear Mr. President ..... NO!!!

This is going to be the excuse the White House will use to send the troops to Syria rather than bringing them home from Afghanistan. After all, Obama told the U.S. that he was bringing the troops home from Iraq and sent them to Afghanistan instead. Now he'll probably just move the troops from Afghanistan to Syria.

Since we're not broke enough, I'm sure Obama will be happy to waste a trillion dollars on Syria.

Viet Nam Bosnia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan Now Syria? or Iran? Give it a break war pigs.If there is no money, why is it that the gov. is sending billions to other countries?

bring are troop's home let the middle east kill each other ~~~~~~

The world leaders are making life on Earth a  big sht box

Here's a better idea; put our troops on our southern border and protect our country from the invasion that is now going on.

And you just THOUGHT the economy was bad now..

We need another battlefront like an Ogre needs another wart.

Stay out of SYRIA. This is a CIVIL WAR and DOES NOT involve the United States. If the European members of NATO want to get involved, make sure the U.S. stays out both Physically and Fiscally.

Let's have a vote...Thumbs up for NOT going to war AGAIN, Thumbs down for making another mistake.

I guess we didn't learn from the french at Dien Bien Phu, our own involvement in Vietnam andKorea that you NEVER commit YOUR troops to someone elses civil war? It never ends well.

Apparently, we don't have enough of our own problems to worry about.Peel the rich #$%$ in dark suits off of their golf carts and make them go fight this one.

I'm sure they have Contingency plans for an alien attack as well.

Hey.. Just stay out of it. It is a situation were there will be no winners. what is wrong with your think tanks anyway. Our children are not an expendable commodity for the war machine.

And, the US went to war in Iraq for what reason?

Its unbelievable how much Washington is interested in solving the Syrian problem while our domestic economy continue to implode. We don't have money to keep the White House open for the kids yet we talk about another war. Why is it that all these politicians of ours love the international politics so much? If I worried about my neighbor's problems and kept coming over to fix his house and keep giving him money to buy groceries while having my household in a total disarray and credit cards maxed out, my wife would probably kick my butt and fall in love with my neighbor himself! What's wrong with our government?

Vietnam after Vietnam after Vietnam!

At the rate obama is killing our military and discouraging Americans from joining, who does he think will be around to go? Do politicians think they will want go, and bleed and die for a government that has thrown them under the bus? American soldiers will do anything for their Country and always have, but when are politicians going to finally get it through their heads that politicians are not the Country.

Nothing makes a working American sleep better at night than financing the conflict of a third world,  Muslim country,  with our tax dollars.

No more American boots on the ground in the seething Islamic mess!

NO!!!! YOU IDIOTS IN DC!!!!! Think Iraq and Afghanistan for gawd's sake.Wait... 0bama told us no new wars... and then he used our aircraft to bomb Libya...why is he setting us up for another?

We can not afford to go get our selves in another war. If we wound up going in and winning that war, we would turn around and rebuild the country. We always rebuild after we fight a war in other countries.

Why???

we can keep our  nose out of it, none of our business

You can tell the White House is running the military. Why the press release telling the public and an enemy we are planning to act?

Obama sucks!

I'd prefer you NATO boys sit this one out and let them kill each other. Besides, you'll just #$%$ it up worse.

Not our war, not our problem ...protect our borders

I think that is is totally unconstitutional to use our military for anything else than defending our own country. To send them to Syria is an blatant abuse. But then, we have a professional army, so we do with them anything we want, right? So I think that we should bring the draft back and the situation would change immediately. Look, Israel has a mandatory military service and we don't see the Israeli soldiers fighting all over the world. The mothers and fathers of those boys and girls would storm the Knesset if anyone ever conceived an idea to send their kids let's say to fight somewhere in Cameroon.

Is Obama getting UN approval or Congress?"U.S.-backed Syrian rebels"Why are we supporting either side in this fight?  Need to let them hash it out.

Under Obama, the US only uses military force to install islamic regimes - Libya, Egypt, now Syria.

We have no business in helping install another militant Islamic government in the Mideast.

Vetting?  How the heck do they think that can be accomplished in the middle east?  Heck, the politicians can't do it within their own parties.  What is the criteria question going to be, "Are you a muslim and do you have any ties to the Muslim Brotherhood"?  If they answer yes to one, you know that the answer to the last part has to be yes also.  They may not be direct members of the Brotherhood, but they are sure to have SOME family relative that is.  And once we get involved, the million "refugees" will ask for and receive "political assylum" for their safety in the US.  We did it for the Cuban refugees and the Viet Namese refugees, so "legally" we will be required to do it for all the others.

Not enough on your plate dems? No time to deal with our lousy economy, or lousy job market? No time to respond to contempt of Congress charges, but time for a new war in a country we have no vested national interest in.

I hope we stay out of this but I doubt we will. We didn't learn in Vietnam about civil wars, we didn't learn in Iraq about civil wars, and we are not learing in Afghanistan. How many American lives need to be lost because we can't keep our nose out of other people's business?

Where is all the arab countries and what are they doing about this conflict??

Did Obama bother to have it voted on in Congress? Or is he going to commit treason again?

Why are we obligated to be the world's "super hero" and fly in whenever some country is in trouble and risk OUR men/women's lives???

We should never got involved with Iraq,we do not need in Syria another Iraq.New world dictatorship is in charge,wake up!!!!!!!!.

Bad move. We do not need this!

The military industrial complex is gleefully rubbing its hands together...

Our own Civil War took 4 years and killed WAAAAY more than 70,000 people. Let 'em fight.

Stay OUT of another sovereign country.

The Banksters are drooling about prospects of a bigger war!

I do not know why we are backing either side..makes zero sense

More WMD's?

Stay the hell out of it!  We've got enough wars to deal with.

Yeah, let's help hand another country over to the muslim brotherhood...Yeah, let's help hand another country over to the muslim brotherhood...

The West and NATO just went in illegally through a proxy army(Al-Qaeda)and destroyed another soveriegn nation, just like in Libya.........when will it end......it is truly inhumane and discusting..............a black mark on Western countries, but mostly their sold out leaders doing the Bankers dirty work. Because they are nothing more than beholden PUPPETS. Watch "Fall of the Republic" on youtube

sounds to me bul@@@it. and whom exactelly they will fight ??? Assad forces ??? Al Qaida forces ??? other so called "rebels" nobody knows for sure who against who and why. - Oh sorry i forgot Iranian forces and Hizbollah forces.....

let the NATO country over there do it,,we must stay out of this.

Soon the government will take money from your bank account.

Folks this is how they do it.  We fell for the Weapons of Mass Destruction and now its chemical weapons.  We fell for it in VN too.  The supposed attack on one of our ships was used as a reason to get into the VN war.  We later found out it was a frickin lie, it never happened.

let em all kill each other &amp; keep united states  out of that mess

Call the Capitol Switchboard at 2022243121 and ask for your senator's line.  Tell them to GUT funding for this proxy war or you will VOTE them out in the next election!

Big mistake. It will make Iraq and Afghanistan look like a picnic.

I hate our government. Career politicians whom very few volunteered to give their life for our country. These people need to be voted out. These middle-eastern countries need to be ignored to a point and then nuked if they keep up their crazy ways. I'm sick of these idiots.I hate our government. Career politicians whom very few volunteered to give their life for our country. These people need to be voted out. These middle-eastern countries need to be ignored to a point and then nuked if they keep up their crazy ways. I'm sick of these idiots.

When syria falls, look out for Russia's belligerence.  Russia has watched it's client states be taken away by an aggressive NATO (run by globalists who want Russia to start WWIII).  First "eye rack," then Yugoslavia, then Afghanistan, then Libya, now Syria.  Have you NOTICED how Russia has become more isolated, more antagonistic, and more belligerent?  Did you know they have totally upgraded their nuclear arsenals ALL while the globalists ordered our presidents to DISARM?  Did you know that bush was ordered to take down our MX missiles?  Did you know that Russia has total superiority in nuclear forces?  Did you know that the globalists have ordered our presidents to keep half of our nuclear subs in port at any given time?  Did you know that since 9/11 the globalists have been building themselves massive new bunkers, again, for THEMSELVES?  They plan to foment WWIII, and after Russia hits our military facilities in a massive decapitation first strike, they will emerge from their bunkers and say "the Russians deceived us" as they put together a world army under the UN (the USA will be 20% a smoldering heap).  The writing is on the wall folks and everything I've said is true and publicly viewable.  Do a search for Joel Skousen's article titled "Strategic Threats."

I guess our politicians have not learned anything from the last 10 years of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan !

Another False Flag and Americans will buy like always!

Uh Oh

Another place where America should keep her nose out of.  Does anyone really think that after all this is over the government the rebels establish will be our friends?  Remember Egypt.

I'm sure we know where the chemical WMD's are stockpiled. Why not just incinerate them with a few well placed missles and keep NATO's boots 'off' the ground?

Can we just occupy every country in the world and get it over with!

Sadaam's chemical WMD's he stashed in Syria coming back to haunt the region!

Obama invested heavily in destroying any gains made by the previous administration, including propping up the opposition to Karzai.Had Obama taken a sensible policy track, we would have troops and influence in the region.''a powerful disincentive for pilots to fly in that area" Would it not be just as easy to say"A Powerful incentive not to fly in that area"??.

The war mongers and their sheep can't wait to get more Americans killed for nothing. Excuse me, for the military industrial complex. Wake up sheep, war in the middle east is none of our business. Easy to cry for war when your son isn't going.

Goddamit stay out of this war!  the us taxpayer cant afford to pay for any more of this bullsi-iit and will not!

we have no business going in there and the libs complain about Bush...Obama is just as bad. We are still in Afghanistan and now he's trying to get us involved in Syria

People forget, chemical weapons can be carried by the wind, and can affect other countries.

Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!

The Middle-East has become a joke without any humor. I've crossed the Middle-East off my bucket list.

Here we go again. Could we please drop out of NATO.

FAKE CHEMICAL ATTACK BY THE MEDEA..ASSAD IS ANTI "NWO" SO NOW HE MUST GO....):( FOOLISH SHEEPLE )  SADAM , LIBYA , SYRIA &amp; ON &amp; ON.......?

You see how the media has slowly been prepping you for this?They'll hate us if we help them, and hate us if we don't help them.

See, even Democrats are not beneath using WMD as an excuse to go to war.

Not with MY Money !

Not again!

"U.S. - backed Syrian rebels" .....What the...? When the hell did we change from sending refugee &amp; non lethal "Aid" to (f)ing "backing" them...?!!!Stop using that word!The damn media is like a vacuum using words to suck us in!Stop using that word!"Back" America!! Stay out of Syria!

The US  needs to be worried about North Korea!

There is no real reason for us to be involved in a muslim civil war.  The only reasonable rationale is that nato is acting as mercenaries for the saudi's - again.

After Benghazi, only a simpleton would believe anything the administration or its news outlets say.   There are no good guys in this war.  And when did it become our job to pay to end every conflict on the planet?

China and Russia I m baffled by the two nations inability to step in and help in the blood shed. But endorse,,support  it. How sad.

Well, that is a lie. NATO doesn't need UN approval to get involved. The only thing they really want and need are enough bullets to take this monkey out.before you save a people, better find out if they want you to save them?

No, we don't need another illegal war of Obamas making........

and who put the rebels from Libya into Syria in the first place? Ever get the feeling that this was planned out ahead of time as a pretext for invading Syria.

Our war efforts are nothing but a business and civilian contractors benefit from. We have no business engaging in no win wars, over and over. What does it take for people to say NO.

Are Obozo's poll numbers down again? Time to bomb another country and help Al Qaeda get their hands on another massive stock pile of weapons like in Libya.

More proof the US Government does not follow the will of the people!

So Obama says we attack if Assad used chemical weapons....what happens if it turns out the terrorists Obama is supporting used the chemical weapons?

Sounds like the same runup that was used to justify Iraq. Mean old dictator, human rights violations, WMD's......

You can call it what you want military aid, police action, war on terrorist.  It all adds up to money and American lives.

Obviously this announcement plus Hitto's recent "election" suggests there is a lot of politicking going on in the background.Think Assad's days are truly numbered.  Now he can take his beautiful British wife and go jet-setting between London, Paris, Vienna, and the ski slopes of Western Europe.WHERE is the outrage from the Left?(crickets)Oh, I get it, partisan hacks. That explains it.

No more wars with the middle east...Your going to have to save our troops for when the sheet hits the fan in Korea....

have to keep the wars going... lots of profits to be had....

We just need to contain the fighting to that region and let them kill each other off. Easier to take over after 50% are dead and they have run out of bullets

Yeah, our military is all ready for another war!  IT NEVER ENDS...because they don't want it to!

Stay out of it, we don't need any more war...Let them fight it out... it's their war not ours....

How about leaving it alone and let the people in that country settle the issue!

And how many MATO troops did the rebels capture without firing a shot?

Funnt thing is we know where the so called oppositions leaders/weapons are but we cant take them out?.....yeah right

Russia is right down the road, let them handle it....If we leave Afghanistan then we will need a place to get rid of our cannon fodder and stay on a war economy.  History proves Americas war economy such as vietnam, Iraq and now Afghanistan and don't forget our war on terrorist.

NATO = USA/Britain

Here we go again "team america world police"

Just send a UN force to end the problem oh and let everyone pay the bill not just the U.S.

Chemical weapons? Like the ones that were found in Iraq even though many had been taken to Syria? No weapons of mass destruction here folks. Nothing to see here. Move along folks.

Certainly Obama will back the Muzlims, he certainly don't back Americans.

Stay out of this and let some other country help for once. We can't afford it.

stupid obama...complains about bush's wars but now wants to go toe to toe with russians in syria...just let the rebels and assad beat each other senseless...he better reconsider

"Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., a member of the Armed Services Committee, raised the prospect of deploying U.S. troops to Syria to secure the stockpile of chemical weapons."I'm a little bit confused Senator Graham...  The Syrian didn't use chemical weapons,  YOUR funded foreeign terorists did.  I have five bucks the chemical weapons used were part of the ones transferred from Libya to Turkey by Ambassador Stevens and the CIA in Benghazi before it was attacked.  How about getting before the TV cameras and telling the United States public you have no knowledge of the coordination of weapons transferred through the CIA operations house in Benghazi.The entire US Senate and House should be held responsible, as they all know.  We need to remove them for prima facie treason and publicly hang them for sponsoring international terrorism and lying about it for two years and running.

Enough is enough, we can barely afford Washington.Enough is enough, we can barely afford Washington.

How are we supposed to even know which side used the chemical weapons?  Does anyone doubt that either side would stage an attack &amp; even kill their own troops and civilians?  If we believe Assad used chemicals then the rebels would be happy for us to react militarily, if only to capture/destroy chemical weapons.  The chemical weapons have been an unplayed ace card for Assad.Now if Assad's side could show the rebels used chemical weapons then that might buy them more time.  Would the Russians then feel they could send aid/weapons to Assad?  Would that make the other nations pull back from supplying the rebels?We might just be better off just letting them fight it out.  Just keep an eye on the chemical weapons and have plans to handle those as needed.It's a civil war-- internal conflict.  As long as it doesn't spread, why should we become involved.  U.S. citizens gripe when other nations try to influence us, how about we treat the Syrians the way we want to be treated?

Yea just like weapons of mass destruction !!! More Government LIES!!!!

"The Syrian situation continues to become worse and worse and worse," Adm. James Stavridis, the commander of U.S. European Command, told the Senate Armed Services Committee. "No end in sight to a vicious civil war."It's not a civil war, never has been.  The Syrian people are fighting for Assad against foreign funded terrorist mercenaries.  Maybe they should just just cut a Swastika in this Admiral's head, along with the rest of the government that keeps lying aboyut Benghazi and calling this a civil war.

Go watch on YT....Road to WWIII...By stormcloudchanging!

What a lose-lose proposition. If we leave it alone Iran and Russia will control Syria. If we help the insurgents, we face the very real prospects of an attack on Israel. If Israel's attacked, the U.S. will surely come to their aid.

They haven't even approached 100,00 casualties yet. What's taking them so long? Very sad case but the mess was created by the British and French.

#$%$, here we go again.

This False Flag has been called out months ago! Stop drinking the Main Stream Media   Kool-Aid America!

Barrak Obama...Puppet! Sen. John McCain...Puppet! Sen. Lindsey Graham....Puppet! All three are puppets of the Banksters!If we get involved, we all need to find out which politicians voted for it and get them out!!

Here we go, another entanglement concerning WMDs!

Hey Graham! How is this war in Syria compromising OUR national security? This is all being trumpeted, like Bushes administration did, so that Obama can justify going in to Syria and support the Muslim Brotherhood's overthrow of another Middle East country.To quote a Great President, "HERE WE GO AGAIN!"

Four More Wars!!  Four More Wars!!  Four More Wars!!  Four More Wars!!

Let NATO do it, run it, staff it and pay for it. Uncle Sammy's pockets are bare and since we are the ones who usually pay for the world's military actions, let America have the good sense to sit this oe out - all the way - no Army, no Navy, no Marines, no Air Force and certainly no Coast Guard !  Moreover, with many in Europe willingly taking pot shots at our military, let them prove that they are better and that they have earned the right to carp at our actions.

"A U.S. official said there was no evidence that either Assad forces or the opposition had used chemical weapons in an attack in northern Syria."??? Didn't a bunch of people die from it the other day and the others were delivered to the hospitals smelling of chlorine gas?

So, they took some Clorox Bleach and weaponized it???

If we go in don't we have to keep Assad in power? He is the current and legitimate head of the government. Not the interim government. If it is TRULY a CIVIL WAR, then you let the interim government take him out. If it is NOT a civil war, and you are just removing a despot, then SAY SO....But if you barge in, and break it up, and separate them, then you have to keep the government that is there....

And what are we going to cut in this country to fund another war ?

Obama is turning out to be quite the warring President.Guess the Arab League and Gulf Cooperation Counsel were too busy skiing in Dubai.  Let the Western powers take the heat from the hoi polloi.

Just what we need, another war.

the Obama administration was told  'to wait... at least three years ' &amp; if re-elected?  to bring this to an end!@...  so  exactly  " how much  does  'iran &amp; north Korea have???????

If there are rumors about it, its already taking place...This is filtered delayed news...Its called prep work..

We should stay out of this one too many problems at home that should be focused on first....

You can fight but not to win???   What the hell is this??

zero articles on yahoo about the seizure of cyprus citizens savings?

The US and NATO are sure talking big, on this 10th birthday of the Iraq war. At least the Syrian war is a civil war and at least it has not been going on for 10 years.

the problem is, The plan always comes down to. American troops doing the fighting and the American tax payer,doing the paying. and the rest of the NATO, doing the NOTHING !!. I have a  better plan. STAY OUT OF IT !!.

Let the ARAB countries take care of their own. Keep the HECK out of another conflict that you have no right to interfere in. We can't afford to pay for a no fly zone, we are going broke.Leave this alone. Egypt can handle it with all that hardware we just sent them. No more funding, and arming anyone else either for that matter.

Unless they're talking about drones with video cameras so we can watch the fun and games from the safety of our living rooms then I'd just as soon the generals do nothing and we keep our happy selves right here where we belong..

The peace prize for most murdered

Sending U.S. troops into this conflict would be much worse than Afganistan and Iraq combined. Our troops would be in a crossfire between the rebels and Syrian forces because of the Muslum extremists wanting to join the rebel cause. As far as the U.S. is concerned this should be treated like a forest fire in remote mountians and let it burn it's self out!

For a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, Obama does alot of war-mongering.

Ron Paul was right about staying OUT of other countrys affairs ! The dude was right about most everything he warned us about . Well, you wanted obama the puppet so live with it !

Well, all I can say is we better not be footing the bill and supplying all the troops.

Heard this rhetoric before. Not our business &amp; lets keep it that way!!

no better way to divert attention away from the pathetic job obama and crew is doing than sending more AMERICAN troops to be killed by "allies" and billions of borrowed dollars to support another terrorist organisation.

Will the press raise unholy hell about Obama getting us entangled in anothr war like they did for GW Bush?NOT OUR PROBLEM!

stay out of yet another war. We are broke.  let them arabs find the solution them selves. They all hate us .

Of course, somebody has to use the chemical weapons. You have to justify foreign military intervention.

Take our troops back form Europe and put them all on the Mexican border. 1 million strong.

Stay the he11 out of it.Not enough problems in the U.S. to remedy ?No proof that Chems were used either.For ONCE Obama needs to Focus on the U.S. !!!!!!!!!!!!!

Chemical attack by the Western spies working inside Syria to have an excuse to intervene.  Another ploy of the West to start war and control the world.  Remember the WMD's in Iraq?

Let Mid-Eastern countries help Syria. Saudi can be the policeman of the Mid- East.. Muslims should deal with Musilim problems..This is not Americas business.. Keep out of it...Glenn S.

NATO, better not kill any Russians soldierscivilians in Syria, cause their imperialist greed is going to cost them.  The chemical attack is probably a set up by the West so they have an excuse to attack.  It wont be the first nor the last time with lie about something like that.

Iraq and Afghanistan were noble endeavors, but they both needed to be hit HARD and FINISHED in just two years, tops.  This new Syria fiasco is nothing but support for muzlim brothahood thugs which is right down the White House muzlim brotha's alley.

Another destabilization campaign cooked up in Washington, London and Tel Aviv is achieving its intended results. A humanitarian crisis is unfolding that will justify a no-fly policy and humanitarian bombing campaign. After all, Syria is part of the “Project for a New American Century” and is along the road to the next victim – Iran. How much longer with the American public put up with the out-of-control military-industrial complex? The potential monster that Eisenhower warned about is alive and rampaging. The best way for people to pull the rug out from under this criminal gang would be to fully expose the crucial event that set this whole diabolical plan into motion – the murder of 3,000 people in NY a decade ago. The criminals behind the scenes have bankrupted America and are leading us toward totalitarianism and economic ruin. Tens of millions of people are now using food stamps while the criminals’ Swiss bank accounts grow fatter by the minute.Hope those guys at Nobel are polishing up another award for obama!

NATO doesn't mean US troops getting deployed to a war where there are chemical weapons.  Let the other part of the world fight this out.  Our role as peace maker to world has failed to make this a better place.  Give other countries a chance.  Maybe they will fight this war how it needs to be fought.

Feinstein loves shouting FIRE in a crowded theater.

Here we go again, get ready for another Libya, when will someone in Washington say enough is enough, are there no Americans left, all we have is a bunch of #$%$?

.I suppose our Nobel Peace Prize winning, lead-from-behind, I-promise-to-bring-our-troops-home "president" is going to get involved in Syria too, right?  Send our troops out to another third world country where they can die in a war that shouldn't even involve us?Obama must really hate the military a lot to be able to keep sending them off to die in the Middle East without caring that they're someone's children and they should be here in America protecting our borders...

Assad wins...he kills a lot of Muslim terrorist vermin we won't have to fight later. The terrorists win...maybe their infighting over who is in charge will weaken them and cause a civil war...keep boots off the ground and let them weaken each other...afterwards...step in if neccessary.

If we had a security agreement with Iraq and troops stationed there, we could have enforced the no fly zone over Iraq to prevent Iran from supplying Syria. Way to lead from behind Obama.

I agree with most, stay out of Syria. While you are at it, tell Israel they are on their own as well. Let them work it out with their neighbors.

Im a Soldier and a leader in the army.  I am told constantly that we will never go to syria, nor africa.  So far we are 1 for 2.  President Obama's promise to take us out of one country might be partially true (since we are still in both A and I), now we are going to take our soldiers to another country, war torn, to die for what?  Syria is not the enemy of the US.  We are not world police.  I really think all of washington, led by the president, should all be fired.

Did we REALLY elect people this STUPID ?  Can they NOT see the damage done to America from the last 4 or 5 they got us into ?  This some kind of joke to them ?  Well,  I AIN,T LAUGHTING !And it only took chemical weapons for this sick world to notice what is going on over there! How sad.

We did not get involved in Rwanda during the Clinton years when nearly one million civilians were murdered because it was "not in the interests of the U.S.".  Our interventions seem arbitrary.

Another war................money making time for US companies (like Haliburton and weapon making companies).

I guess Vietnam, Afghanistan, or Iraq didnt teach us anything after all

NOFP

We should stay out off foriegn "civil" wars. As tragic as the killing is, it is thier war. A weak country invaded by a stronger one? I can see, possibly, getting involved. This type of war? Never.

Another war....and more deformed and crippled kids going.

Come On Obummer, you said that if Syria used chemical weapons the "Red Line" would be crossed and you would take decisive military action. Nobody in this country wants to send another one of our young men or women into harms way, but stop with the B.S. and lies.

Get ready kids - Iraq is winding down - we have to go looking for another war - Syria is the right place I guess - we will justify it somehow........

"This is the time for us to use not only sanctions, but covert actions within Syria to get regime change there," ~ RomneySyrians are going to have to determine their own future." ~ ObamaObama is a warmonger.

NOT AMERICA'S PROBLEM!!!

With the shape this country is in, We can't afford another War.

Ugh.  We never get to fight in nice places always cesspools of humanity.

I think Syria and Russia are more than capable of handling their own problems.  It's bad enough American tax dollars are being sent to support Jihadi Insurgents, this is and always has been Not Our Problem.  Hence, we should stay out of this.  Taxpayers have more than enough to worry about as is.

Looks like the Rep/Dem entity is at it again...

Aw PLEASE do not get us involved in yet another war we cannot afford.  Come on, it's time to stop the nonsense!  It's someone else' turn to play World Cop.

No need to hurry, let another 50000 be killed and then start working on the plan to save them.

Don't you ever learn??? Stay the hell out of this mess.

A report was just released,saying how we,(AMERICA),continues to pay for WAR Veterns, and family dependents,up to 100 yrs after the WAR. Maybe we can take a decade off ??.Didn't someone predict we would be in Syria just about now? Oh yeah, it was Glenn Beck a couple of years ago. He was right. He is always right.

ATTACK ALL MUSLIMS

Don't rely on the mainstream media to tell you what Is really happening in Syrıa. Go to the informationclearinghouse website for in-depth, comprehensive, non-corporate, behind-the-scenes news

Our US government has been doing the same thing Hitler did since 9-11.  You had better open your eyes and start organizing your friends you trust to get a plan together in groups, and never confront our government forces head on.  IF the FBI doesn't like it, come and visit me and let me file legal criminals charges against our govenment.  De glad to confront them live on national TV as well, but neither will never happen."The Obama administration rejected the Assad claim as a sign of desperation by a besieged government intent on drawing attention from its war atrocities — some 70,000 dead, more than 1 million refugees and 2.5 million people internally displaced. A U.S. official said there was no evidence that either Assad forces or the opposition had used chemical weapons in an attack in northern Syria."The terrorist insurgents have been fighting "for" Assad sincethis started, and most Americans keepng up on this know it.  The "rebels" (western hired fiooreign terorists have ben murdering civilians in cold blood, raping the Syrian women, targeting children and burning down homes and displacing Syrians since this started.  These are war crimes and crimes against humanity the UN is just turning its head to.  Chemical weapons were transferred from Libya to Turkey coordinated from Benghazi, and the Russians even have satellite photos of our western hired terrorists loading chemical weapons into rockets in theTurkish terrorist training camp. I have no doubt our US used these weapons on Syrians and their children.  You don't reject a claim on motive of desparation, you reject it on facts and evidence.Our government are sociopathic fascists, every  single one of them.  The only way to stop a fascist cult....is to "stop" them!  You had better wake up.

Stay out of Syria !!!  Let them self-destruct.  Then Israel can pick up the pieces ;-)

The rebels wanted change so let THEM change it!!!!!

U S p oliticians &amp; bankers have d one more harm to the A merican people than Muslım extremısts. The US is now bankrupt. P eople have lost h omes, jobs, h ealthcare, p ensions. D id  Muslıms c ause this? N o, it was U S politicians &amp; bankers. W ake up because t hey are trying to lead us into a nother war. A nd you will have to fight it, not the p oliticians

Well Iraq is over and Afghanistan  winding down ... The administration has to start another offensive Quick .... That keeps them from being scrutinized.

Unless the United Nations plans on going into Syria, with the intent of removing the current government and installing a moderate government and not allowing a radical islamic group to take power, they should keep out of Syria entirely.

another US-led war. this country will never be able to dig itself out of the debt pit. US is not the world's police or charity bank.Please try to understand that US is not in the Middle East to solve other countries' problems. US is there to secure external interests and some political leverage. By external interests, I meant powerful groups that lobby the halls of Washington and New York. To think that US is there to 'spread democracy and freedom' is a hoax.

Lets fix home first..stop wasting money on countries who hate us.

Glass them and be done with it. Well it's getting old how the USA has to take out the garbage. Has to stop anf the world must be taught a lesson that being straight is a good thing.

The criminal elite are gearing for war!

Let them fight their damn civil war. It's what they want to do. No one interferred when the US was at war between the North and South. Leave people alone.

Bush's wars Iraq, Afghan  Obama's wars Iraq, Afghan, Libya, Egypt, Mali, Syria, etc.... I don't hear you liberals whining now. I guess these are good wars. War is hell bring em home.

Next we will hear from our idiot politicians on how we need to fund rebuilding of another islamic cesspool.

This UN #$%$ will take weeks or months to begin!

Like we don't have enough young Americans comming home in a box. Is this our answer to the unemployment problem amongst the young ? Another war, is this Obama's plan to take us out of the recession ?

Can we sit this one out?  We're still fresh off leveling Iraq for absolutely no reason.And it only took chemical weapons for this sick world to notice a problem! How sad.

Here we go again, seems to me that the admiral should postpone his retirement ceremony so he can be one of the ones going over there to look for those 'chemical weapons" sounds like Iraq all over again. They should have learned a long time ago to never ever get US troops involved in another countries civil war where they will have no idea who the enemy really is.

See, even Democrats are not beneath using WMD as an excuse to go to war.

He comes another "Save the Peaceful Muslim Brotherhood" war.  Idiots in DC, and especially NATO, dont know when to stop.

This is not our fight.  Get involved here and just like in Libya, we will regret it.

oh... i'm so shocked... another war... what ever shall we do... I know, let's take bets on the NEXT one... My money is on Iran but N Korea isn't out of the running yet...(BTW, when the Syrian gov and the opposition say they didn't use chemical weapons, I beleive both of them... who's behind door number 3???)

We really need to 'just get out' of the middle east. They'd be happy &amp; we'd be better off for it...It's called 'the holy land' because it's full of holes!

So, why are we rushing to die by their chemical weapons. Please stop this none sense, We don't want another Americans to get killed for helping these rebel terrorists, enough is enough.

So how many months do we get involved with our Borrowed Billions and United States Military before Obama gets Congressional Approval this time

Hey lets enter when all the stockpiled chemical weapons are gone from the stockpiles.  Great thinking.WWIII?

"allowing chemical weapons to get into the hands of some of the most violent people in the world" These are the people we are helping right? If Assad loses who do you think will get their hands on those weapons? The very same terrorists/rebels who bomb markets, take UN peacekeepers hostage, and use human shields. I guess if you want some nutjobs right next to the jews with chemical weapons more than willing to use them. The jews better learn to breath out of their #$%$ if Assad is run off.

I wonder if those chemical weapons were once in iraq?

'such a peaceful religion..............'  yea, right.

THIS sound like WW3 is on its way folks.

Let the people take care of their problem. Why does NATO want Assad out so bad. Their has to be something else.

Stop supplying weapons to the rebels and the war will be over in a month.

We are going dead broke, libtuurds blame a lot of it on "Bush's" wars, and so be it, yet the POS in the WH will find a way to involve us in another war because it will mainly promote more radical islam in the region.  What a way to run a country!  WAKE UP, Americans!

Assad is a murdering lowlife but at least he's honest and open with his intentions unlike the evil and greedy politicians we have running this country.

Well now that chemical weapons have been used things are going to get more involved.Hey dumb patriots.... Surely there are more important domestic issues that y'all should be worried about instead of obsessing over Syria? Regime change in Syria is not going to improve the lives of the average American. Why not do something about the  politicians and bankers that have messed up the US economy? Forget about Syria.

Iraqs chemical weapons are in Syria, along with a lot of Iran's military assistance. Why not just send in a few Seal Teams, take out the key people and its over with.

Here we go with the false flag operations again... CAN WE NOT FALL FOR THE ZIONIST GAMES AGAIN, PLEASE?? I mean, is it possible for just once to tell the ZIONISTS to go to hell and say NO to war??...

Did you guys hear that +60 people died in Iraq today. Maybe should go back there. Or maybe we should get the he'll out of the middle east and not even think about going into Syria.

The UN has already been caught shipping chemical weapons to the rebels. The rebels gassing the people and blaming it on Assad...False Flag! Has already been called out months ago!

Send the homosexuals and women. They say they are equal. this would be a good opportunity for them to prove it.

Americas CIAs effort of revolution is slow so Americas Military is going to finish the destruction of Syria and the establishing of a pro-American puppet government.

Just remember “Curveball,” the man whose lies about weapons of mass destruction helped form the basis for invading Iraq.

We have Americans broke and out of work, Let's spend that money at home for a change.

Sorry, no Social Security or Medicare for you, Grandma &amp; Grandpa.We have a grand new war to fight and to drain our treasury over in Syria!  Good grief !!!!WAIT A MINUTE!  Didn't Obama and the Dems demonize Bush for involving us in a war in the Middle East, just because of a terror attack that took over 3,000 American lives?  And now, with no threat to safety of the US Obama and the Dems want to take military action is Syria?  How are they going to "blame Bush" on this one?

NATO planners are working on contingency plans while hoping the whole crisis will "blow over" before they actually have to do something.

Another manufactured crisis that we HAVE to be involved in, what a shock..

Will Obama go to the Congress and explain why we should go into Syria,; what we stand to gain for our blood and money and what do we stand to lose if we don't goThen bring it to a public vote... even if you only vote "present".

When the bankers have destroyed the economies of the world the only thing left is to bomb each other.

I think we forgot about a little"CIVIL" dispute over here where the CIC was a skinny boy from Illinois,.The Russians set up ship camps and told the world to mind their dam business!...

Could these be the WMD that everyone was talking about in the last administration ?? =)

Let them fight until they are all dead, they hate us anyways, why spend our taxes to help???

Drone this Hitto guy.

WE have no business in these muslim lands ! I cannot see giving even one of our troops lives for this junk ! If we Must ? shoot a missle and forget it ! We just keep getting involved in these messes ! We cannot even afford it much less ? willing to give our grave troops lives ! Nothing too gain in any of these WARS ! We do not even Win wars 1 we just give billions and billions and lose lives and leave Families without a parent ! It really insane !Is there anyone over there that would come to our aid? What are we getting out of it except widows and children with no parents?

The writers of this story deserve their knuckles smashed with a hammer!

Instead of picking on Syrıa, why not focus on the Israeli &amp; US politicians who engineered this crisis. They want WAR and they want YOU to fight it! The same US politicians misled the public &amp; led the country into war with Iraq resulting in 4,801 US deaths. Cost of War in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan $2 trillion. You and I are paying for it with our tax dollars.

oh man , i am conflicted about this , one one hand there are allot of innocent people being killed in syria and we should help them my inner voice says , but on the other hand our troops i want all healthy and alive to be with there wifes and children , this is a hard decision and one i would not want to make ever to send young American troops in harms way yet again , dam it all!

Google: "Syria: Washington’s Latest War Crime." Your tax dollars being used to foment death and destruction in the mid-east. An estimated 70,000 dead in Syria &amp; many more displaced. Get on Facebook &amp; Twitter &amp; blast your elected officials.

Let me get this straight. Our enemies, are  killing our enemies, and we care because????

The hell with Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and all the other countries. We are broke. Take care of America first!!!!!!!!!!

Can't afford to fix the USA but we can afford more unconstitutional undeclared pointless wars. Yeah DC lets just start wars with every country all over the planet. I hate our government . Tell Israel and the UN to find a new sucker to be their errand boys!Cpl Nathan Rosonov USMC  3/5 Lima CO RCT8Camp Fallujah Iraq 2004 - 2006 SEMPER FIDELIS

So we assassinate , what is wrong with that?

It's not just the US who backed the Syrian Rebels. It was the 'Friends of Syria" group. Saudi Arabia, on record, were paying the salaries of the rebels. Find which countries are in the Friends of Syria group and you'll know who wants this to happen.Great.. Another case of meddling in mid east affairs.. We are creating more enemies by the day.. Sounds a lot like the Roman empire and we all know what heppened there.. We keep going to fight terrorists, but really, aren't we (Americans) the terrorists?

The reason every other country in the world dislikes America is because we get involved with their business. Just let them kill eachother, and let us live in peace.

Why is it that we can never mind our own damned business? Is Syria a threat to the U.S.? No? Then #$%$ are we involved AT ALL?

heres another  stupid excuse to get involved  when will they learn ?  History  seems to repeat itself , US  stay the hell out of this one !

I thought Obama believed he was going to bring all troops home and just leave a there to be at higher risk. No one to have their backs like in BENGHAZI!!!!!!!!!!!!

Syrian people: I am sorry.   American people: millions of innocent people here don't have food or medical care.  Let's worry about them first!

WAKE UP people! Watch this ONE minute clip:I don't know whether to laugh or cry. It's chilling:Youtube: watch?v=SXS3vW47mOE The Plan

In his farewell address George Washington said to keep out of foreign affairs....

The muslim troll countries can help their brothers.

So I guess we WONT BE BRINGING HOME our troops after-all.....just send them into a CHEMICAL WAR ZONE...We'll, what will the Libs god allow ? My guess is he'll allow it to happen then the libs will blame this on Bush too.....somehow somewayDon't waste our money on Syria!!!!!!!!!!!!

These war clowns should worry more about we the people...cuz we the people are about fed up with the fed.

From a strategic point of view I have to seriously question the logic of brodcasting our intentions to potential enemies.

SOOOOOOOO ........Bush .......... " taking out Saddam Husseim " ...... BAD ?Obama ......." taking out Bashar Assad " ............ GOOD ?GO FIGURE !!!!!!

1. What about the other thousands of men, women, and children, foreign and domestic, who've died from Obama' middling in other Countries affairs.That same Obama who said; under no circumstance should a Nation interfere in the affairs of another.  And today we're on the brink of WWIII in this wonderful Muslim Bloodyhood Spring he's been promoting!2. This is the same guy that before the 2008 election, he said under NO circumstance should one country interfere in the affairs of another.  Then launches into covert wars all over the world?  Killing more civilians then the entire eight years of the President Bush Administration, and not a peep?  If there was actual justice the liberal media complex (no light seen between them and Obama’ crack) should be indicted for not making it known to the American people, especially since they rang the bell of discord in like matters 24/7 against President Bush Admin.; simply criminal.3.  Do any of you find it a little curious not one antiwar, energy, economic, etc. protester near the White House? Before 2008 election "dear leader" said, under no circumstance should one nation “mettle” in another nation’s affairs, and we were not to be the world’s policeman?My God if President Bush did one of these things Manchurian is doing, there would be leftist occupy WH protesters till hell freezes over.Manchurian operating like an international gangsta, sending predator drones, firearms, and military solders whenever and where ever he wants. Why not; China, NK, Cuba, Venezuela, Syria, Iran, where 10s of thousands more are being oppressed, brutalized, and killed.What Manchurian, Chinese, NKs, Cubans, Syrians, Iranians not as "special" a people as Africans? Even though many more are being afflicted? Surprise Wrote that last statement to soon, Manchurian is illegally conducting spy, drone, and covert operations in all these places; while being given a pass by the progressives movement (Socialist, Marxist, Maoist, Islamofascist) to appear as man of peace, under “no” circumstances should one Country interfere in the affairs of another.Why now Manchuria... why now... these things just didn't happen today.  They were going on when you were pontificating against all that President Bush tried to do to help the Africans, NKs, Cubans, Chinese, Syrians, Iranian peoples plight... but then you voted hands off, no aid to any other nation, accept the terrorist ones.  Could 2012 election be heavy on your mind, and maybe a little fish is easy to land for a quick campaign photo opt?Now some may ask how it is Manchurian gets a pass on such blatant flip flops, and uncheck abuses of power?  I have concluded this is made possible because "the one" operates within an insulated *triune axis of evil (TAE), and never does he operate outside it, ever.  So being the TAE is the end to every mode of operation Obama is, and does, I will share it in what follows:*Triune Axis of Evil (TAE) = Soros black opec blood money (mammon evil) + liberal media complex (image spinner masking evil; prince of power of the air morphed into electronic medium) + BO (Selected figurehead in total embodiment of Lucifer to set atop the TAE, qualification - total Narcissus pathological liar with latent Sociopath tendencies; megalomaniac).*Controlled Legion (CL) - CL is like that Legion written in the Holy Bible except today is permitted, and permits (blackberry/teleprompter), to change in and out of faces via the TAE.  CL operating through the clandestine maze of “State Capitalism” and “Social Justice” creating fictitious alter-realities, whereby character assignations are done to control, and/or kill, individuals, groups, nations, and yes, if it were possible, even God and His Christ.Even so, come Lord Jesus.  Amen

More Crimes Against Humanity...and they throw homeless American veterans in jails for sleeping outside!

hmmmm.....RT News (Russian) is saying that the rebels are doing bad things in Syria and the US media is saying the bad things happening is from the Syrian Government and military.  I think it's propaganda on both sides supplying weapons and making money in the conflict.US and Russia should stay out of it, we don't belong there.  We will never get the truth of what is going on if there is money to be made.  Both sides are lying.

Obama is supposed to be going to the Israel and this is happening in Syria...Going to be a Very Interesting Week...

Let their fellow Muslims resolve it,we will just spend billions,lose Americans, and still be infidels to them.

the USA needs too mind our own business. We can't solve our own problems. Because we are constantly meddling in affairs which are none of our business.Where is a Nobel Peace Prize winner when you need one?

How many times is Obama going to shake his finger and say no' no' don't do that? Or are we going to Talk it to death with Kerry and Hagel?

KEEP THE F _ _ _ OUT OF THERE !  Let them fight their own battle and determine their own destiny.  It is the only way freedom can be appreciated and  valued.

if it is found out to be chemical weapons had been used, how much do you want to bet iran had something to do with it

We never will run out of monsters in the closet.  They seem to be as busy as rabbits these days.  Let's drop all the pretense and just start the last world war already.  Imagine all the hand wringing we would save.

Maybe we need to pray for peace, killing for it has not seemed to work.

NATO has no business in this country.  NATO is for EUROPE not this area of the world.  This is a ARAB LEAGUE problem.  NATO is using Turkey as an excuse to attempt another nation build project just like in Libya.  NATO has no legal authority too interfere in Syria's internal strife. As usual the worthless Arab States sit by idol as their brothers slaughter each other.   I say,, let them!  If the Arabs don't care about what is going in why should Europe or the US. THIS IS NOT OUR FIGHT.  But I am sure they will find a way to make it one!  As usual, the military industrial complex will score another victory and more money will be made off this sorry excuse for a rescue exercise with arms sales and a need for more million dollar cruise missiles.  .

Obama, stay the fk out of it...You go fight it and leave our guys out of it...No money, no materials and no manpower...The regime has hated us and on the other side, Alquiada...Let them waste each other till they figure it out.

If Washington is smart, they will stay out of this one. It will involve more than they anticipated. In fact it could cause 1/3 of the world population to be destroyed. Syria has allies like China, Russia and a lot of the middle east countries which have necular bombs. It will be a World War III for sure. US needs to pull out of the UN now!! Why does the US insist on destablizing the Middle East. It's a big mess!

Plans for the Obama regime to help its Muslim Brotherhood build build the CALIPHATE from Obama's support of the Arab SpringWasn't Iraq and Afganistan enough? Now Syria? Our country is going down the drain and we want to waste more money and American lives? Seems like our 'representatives' from the president on down will do whatever they please following their own agenda. Americans don't want anymore policing of all these countries who can't get their act together and never will. Obviously, it makes no difference who we elect. No wonder we have lost faith in our government. Giving away millions to deadbeats, illegals and around the world. And what of all the troops who come home, if they come home, damaged both physically, psychologically and emotionally. There was a time when America flourished and we could afford to play 'big brother' but those days are gone. Now the government wants to give away what little is left of the pie to everyone except hard working, decent Americans who are struggling to survive and raise their families.

Nuke all of Syria. End the disease that is Islam.

How much proof do Americans need that Washington DC no longer listens to the people, but another power?????????

Securing the chemical weapons  in Syria is the only involvement that US troops should have in Syria. Syria has admitted to having the WMDs transported out of Iraq at the beginning of the Iraq war.

The liberals will heap praise upon Oblamer if he decides to use military intervention; however, if it were a Republican, the liberals would be demanding a halt.......

I understand people weariness of war. Something needs to be considered here. Will it worse to ignore this and allow chemical (probably Saddam's old stockpiles) weapons to go int Al Qieda's hands (we will certainly see those CW in the near future) or to get into another war in the mid-east? You have to know what these radical Muslims will do with those CW. So what's it going to be. sit and wait or act and be unpopular? Does Obama have the stones to even give the go? Is there another power who can/will act?

O'bama wants to be remembered like LBJ and George Bush are remembered -- as idiots.

Show them what a real WMD is and nuke em'!

So all you expert NATO fellas---How do you end a Civil War? What business is it of yours to end a Civil War? If you can end one who is the Winner of the Civil War? Do you really want that to be the winner? Maybe the Confederate States needed some help in winning the USA Civil War..do you think that would have been the best for the USA??? Geez! Stay out of other countries problems and look into your own problems before they become a Civil War..

Turn the other cheek on this one.Turn the other cheek on this one.

The logical thing to do would be to isolate the enemy and attack them by air, thats if we actually wanted to win...

Obama already said the use of chemical weapons would cross his line in the sand, funny how things work out huh?

They can gas each other until they are all dead, but not one U.S dollar or ounce of our soldiers blood for these animals that hate us.

since obamma took office the whole world has become unstable.  if he'd stay here and do his job maybe things wouldn't have gotten this bad.  the community organizer has failed, failed, FAILED....

We have the capabilities to end this all "short and sweet" like, why put our troops in the middle of another Vietnam?...Must be some big bucks involved for somebody..

Dont spend any money to kill Assad. Your spending is killing us Americans

We can all thank Jimmy Carter for taking the Teeth out of the CIA. Back in the day we would over throw a country from within at a fraction of the cost as to the way we do it now. Best thing is to let them fight it out but who ever uses chemical weapons should be declared a drone target.

The UN should be banned from world affairs!

After we control and eliminate gangs in our own country maybe we can help another country with their problems.The UN should be banned from world affairs!

After we control and eliminate gangs in our own country maybe we can help another country with their problems.

NATO to U.S. - Go get them.

Stay out! let Israel fight for us for a change,or better yet let them fight their own WARS.

I just hope Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld. Rice and Wolfowitz are not part of the decision making on this hunt for WMD. The last WMD allegation were pure ans simple lies.  It is the 10th anniversary of the world's most unnecessary and unpopular war and we don;t need to rush this decision.

'People want Assad to stay'. Check this out on the Web: bbc dot co dot uk/news/world-21472272

"Alleged" chemical attack - who's doing the allelging?  Can an infidel even trust them?  Does it involve America's best interest?  Is it a matter of America's security?  etc...something smells...

As long as it's just Syrians killing Syrians then let them be, the longer they keep it up the better off the rest of us will be.

Wonderful.

This is NOT our fight! America needs to keep its nose out of world affairs! If someone can see how Syria effect America, please let me knowThere's no way the introduction of our weapons blasting everyone to bits is going to bring peace. It's just the defense industry promoting their own self interest in generating profits for them, and to the U.S. Congress that happily receives the mountains  of cash supplied by the defense industry lobbyists. GO USA!...sigh...

What a foolish initiative.  The Quran calls for devoted muslims to kill muslims who aren't devoted enough to jihad and to Sharia Law, etc.  This is the root of this conflict.

There goes more of our money

It would be very bad for the US if nobama orders American Troops to attack a legimiate government or give the terrorists weapons.

Assad's use of chemical weapons is clearly a red line set bu the Obama administration. Rebels using chemical weapon, on the other hand, is no big deal.

10 times this at least allowed to be slaughtered in Rwanda by ole Bubba.

America's war addiction needs another fix.

The unique challenge of Syria. We have to keep the fighting going on as long as possible, giving arms overtly to the rebels, or covertly to Assad, in order to drain both sides. At the same time we have to convince the rebels, most of whom hate us, that we are their friends, even though most of them know we hate them too. It's a challenge.

Everything is going according to plan with the u.s./israhell's mercenary "rebel" army in Syria.

But wait! I thought America was a broke, corrupt, worn down, has-been, ex-superpower on the decline! Let the new Chinese kings of the world send in their crack military and handle this!Lets let someone esle spend there money and lives on this our #$%$ run dry and weve bled enough......some other countries turn like england....they have #$%$ tons of money!!!!!

I'd walk a mile for a camel.

Do Not Repeat Do Not get involved in this mess. Think of what the American people want. Why do you politicians punish us good people?

Nobel peace prize....gets us into more wars than the previous 4 presidents combined. Thank Obama.

stop helping everyone, let them grow on their own.....yeah sounds sick and goes against most religion but a time is nearing when we need to look inward and fix whats wrong with our country....i just hope it isnt already to late

The U.N. What a joke!

Ah the look of clueless fear

Syria: A crisis created by the US, Israel, NATO &amp; Arab allies. Search this article online:"The Salvador Option For Syria" : Information Clearing House" Read about the nefarious activities of the west in the guise of bringing democracy to Syria

I hope that everyone is aware that a large group of assault ships left Norfolk, Virginia not too long ago. Don't be surprised that Asaad looks for a deal as soon as those vessels get close to his shores.

stay out of it we have our own problems!!stay out of it we have our own problems!!

Despite the inclination of some to watch a slaughter from the sidelines - there are choices between doing nothing and putting boots on the ground. Establish a NF zone. Once up set up set up in-country sanctuaries. There's plenty that can be accomplished short of all out war. Face it, we are, in general, part of the picture in the Mideast - nothing's going to change that.

Obama would love nothing more than to put our soldiers on the ground for moving targets on both sides. Impeach this pos.

Let the EuroSissies do what they want in their backyard. . For me, the fewer Mooslims the better.   USA stay the #$%$ out

Wars are propagated by the media propagandist for the expess benefit of profit for the elite of the aggressor nation. And to think that my and your tax dollars have been funding the Al Qaeda terrorist in Syria for over two years now. What now that Osama is publically dead, Al Qaeda are now our friends. And now they are using chemical weapons as a faux excuse for US military involvement in this all to obvious fake Cia/Nato/Imf rebellion. The media today are puppets just like the politicians.

And to think....obama had Assad in the White House not too long ago saying they were on the same page.  And people say obama isn't a terrorists...tut tut.  obama....bazd szájba a jó kurva anyád.

Great.  So we intervene and the losers in the war become the next terrorists with an axe to grind with the US.  We win, and the victors turn the weapons on us in a decade as happened with Saddam, as happened with the Taliban.  It's as if the United States is oblivious to its own history and is doomed to repeat the same failed policies over and over and over again.

Please,Don't get involved in this! If Nato wants to be involved go for it,but,not with U.S. Troops or money!

Not one comment in favor of the USA being involved there..."we the people" have spoken and it would be in big "O's" best interest to hear us this time.

Let NATO do anything it wants to do. Just excuse the US from this one.So if the rebels used chemical weapons that will be the justification for Obama to send in the U.S. military to take down Assad?

You see how backwards these politicians agendas are?...They will shove gay marriage/gun control/illegal immigration down our throats and in the same breath send our fathers/mothers/sons/daughters to foreign lands to die for someone elses cause, topping it off by crippling the economy..

I do not see getting involved in the Syrian war  is in any way in this countries best interest. Nor do I see why NATO should be getting involved.

Boy these dirt poor countries must be manufacturing these weapons underground or something :/

And this is my comment [ : ( ]Ok, in other news--  JESUS said, THE SON OF MAN Shall Come In THE GLORY OF HIS FATHER With HIS Angels; and then HE Shall Reward everyone according to his or her works. Verily I say unto you, there be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see THE SON OF MAN Coming in HIS KINGDOM  [ : )

Haven't we learned our lesson over and over again to stop getting involved!  We have more than our share of problems right here on this side of the pond, plus we are broke and would be using Chinese money...  Wake up Washington!

The Jews said "Charrrrrge!!"

Beware of  ARM CHAIR GENERALS  writing scripts here.

I personally don't see any problems with muslims killing muslims in large numbers.

USA  Stay out of it.  It's a no win if ether side wins.There is sooo much hate on both sides of that war and its attracting muslim extremists to help out the rebels. As soon as the war is over, the different groups will start killing each other. We have seen this over and over and over. Sure the US and NATO can go in there and stop the civil war but we can do nothing about the hate they feel for each other. Even their religion can't stop them from hating. As a matter of observation, one might think it is a religion of hate.

ARE YOU KIDDING ME? THIS IS FRICKEN STUPID!!!!!

War bankrupts societies but makes certain groups of people filthy rich at the expense of humanity in general. they are called ZIONISTS, among other things.

If Al-CIAdah can't get the job done, let Israel fight their own battle in the proxy war with Iran.

NATO and the EU should attack immediately and leave us out of this civil war. We already wasted 2.2 trillion on Iraq and need to pay off out 16.5 trillion debt first.

We need to stay out of it and let these flea infested muslims solve their own problems. We are bankrupt as a country and can't afford the cost of more wars or lost lives for nothing.

We need to protect our own borders!  Muslims are coming through the Mexican/US border!

Bush the IIIrd

Let Europe clean up the mess they made in the Middle East.  Colonialism is coming back to bite them in the butt.

Another Obama war when will the maddness end,be careful military this is the same A-hoe prez who is downsizing you,put you in harms way for nothing,not going to honor your contracts,The only good part is you might be able to kill a bunch of Muslame animals,that would be worth the trip.I can't wait until we're balls deep in Syria and Liberals gets smacked with constant claims that Barry went to war based on lies and put it on the credit card!  Payback is a real #$%$, Libtards.

If NATO wants to get their noses bloodied, then by all means, but just keep us out of their plans... Let them do nation building and see where that's going to lead them,,,

GO2HELL

send your own kids

I dont get it why would we want to  go there????  didnt we learned from Irak ?????

Remember when we were told Iraq had weapons of mass destruction? This sounds like another lie to get us involved in another war which is none of our business.

when will the my god is better than your god syndrome be enough....isnt it time religion went away and we find a better excuse to hate...

Our government , it's lies and it's agendas are not worth fighting for. Trust me!! Take it from an Operation Iraqi "Freedom" Combat Veteran.

HERE WE GO AGAIN/

Why should we wait for morally corrupt Russia before doing what is right on the world stage; if they and the Chinese were not so egomaniacal about their self centered dog eat dog style they would be on the side of righteousness and control the evil in the world.Why should we wait for morally corrupt Russia before doing what is right on the world stage; if they and the Chinese were not so egomaniacal about their self centered dog eat dog style they would be on the side of righteousness and control the evil in the world.

Is it seriously this hard for us to stay out of other peoples wars?

Let them fight their own war

Team America: World Police

Are we going to spend 5,000 American lives and few hundred billion dollars for Syrian war? You got to be kidding! Solve our economic, social, security, and others problems first. I want my tax dollars spend here to improve our lives!

It most likely wasn't weapon grade chemical attack. It may have been the same chemical  compounds which Al Qaeda used to kill that rabbit in a  sick youtube video. One expert said that the people who came into contact with the bodies had no chem suits on.  He also said that had it been a weapons grade chemical weapon attack, the responders without suits would have been effected by it as well.

After being lied to about weapons of mass destruction,mission accomplished,the "surge" worked,i dont trust ANYTHING the war mongers say anymore.6000 of our men and women killed for NOTHING..hundreds of thousands of civilians killed and the people that perpetrated this,banks,wall street,bush/cheney,haliburton,blackwater,rumsfeld,blair etc..NOTHING happens to them except "oops we got wrong information,sorry"..And theyre allowed to just walk away with nothing being done and no penalty or prison time?? sad..

Nato= nazi azzhoes traitors organ of der nwo bankster slime

Here we go again...

The government has broke our country with foreign aid and useless wars. Please avoid war at all costs unless we are attacked on our own soil. Let's pull all aid and military and mind our own business.I'm just back from A-stan.don't send me to another war where I can't tell the bad guys from the good guy.s

They don't have any oil, do they? Then our government won't do anything.

When will USA finally mind it's own business? This is why the world hates us!

Population control ....Let them earn their precious freedom.  It's just not our job to be involved.. Wish them well.

Ummmmmmmmmmmm NO! and NO WAY!

ATTACK ALL MUSLIMS

. A U.S. official said there was no evidence that either Assad forces or the opposition had used chemical weapons in an attack in northern Syria.

seriously how many more false flags do we have to have. This #$%$ has to stop. People are losing their homes and the government is going under. but for some reason they seem to think there is plenty of funding for other countries conflicts. For once please just let it go!

The question is who do we trust, the rebels I think not! Let this one play out. We need to bring our troops home and in the near future a country even thinks about hitting the US then nuke them. End of story!

Its too bad we can't attack the unemployment problem in the USA with the same eagerness that we have for fighting other peoples battles.Its too bad we can't attack the unemployment problem in the USA with the same eagerness that we have for fighting other peoples battles.

Obama's Soviet Mistake! Pravda Compares Obama to Putin, decides O’s the CommunistPutin in 2009 outlined his strategy for economic success. Alas, poor Obama did the opposite but nevertheless was re-elected. Bye, bye Miss American Pie.The Communists have won in America with Obama but failed miserably in Russia with Zyuganov who only received 17% of the vote. Vladimir Putin was re-elected as President keeping the NWO order out of Russia while America continues to repeat the Soviet mistake.After Obama was elected in his first term as president the then Prime Minister of Russia, Vladimir Putin gave a speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland in January of 2009. Ignored by the West as usual, Putin gave insightful and helpful advice to help the world economy and saying the world should avoid the Soviet mistake.Recently, Obama has been re-elected for a 2nd term by an illiterate society and he is ready to continue his lies of less taxes while he raises them. He gives speeches of peace and love in the world while he promotes wars as he did in Egypt, Libya and Syria. He plans his next war is with Iran as he fires or demotes his generals who get in the way.Putin said regarding military,"...instead of solving the problem, militarization pushes it to a deeper level. It draws away from the economy immense financial and material resources, which could have been used much more efficiently elsewhere."Well, any normal individual understands that as true but liberalism is a psychosis . O'bomber even keeps the war going along the Mexican border with projects like "fast and furious" and there is still no sign of ending it. He is a Communist without question promoting the Communist Manifesto without calling it so. How shrewd he is in America. His cult of personality mesmerizes those who cannot go beyond their ignorance. They will continue to follow him like those fools who still praise Lenin and Stalin in Russia. Obama's fools and Stalin's fools share the same drink of illusion.Reading Putin's speech without knowing the author, one would think it was written by Reagan or another conservative in America. The speech promotes smaller government and less taxes. It comes as no surprise to those who know Putin as a conservative. Vladimir Putin went on to say:"...we are reducing taxes on production, investing money in the economy. We are optimizing state expenses.The second possible mistake would be excessive interference into the economic life of the country and the absolute faith into the all-mightiness of the state.There are no grounds to suggest that by putting the responsibility over to the state, one can achieve better results.Unreasonable expansion of the budget deficit, accumulation of the national debt - are as destructive as an adventurous stock market game.During the time of the Soviet Union the role of the state in economy was made absolute, which eventually lead to the total non-competitiveness of the economy. That lesson cost us very dearly. I am sure no one would want history to repeat itself."President Vladimir Putin could never have imagined anyone so ignorant or so willing to destroy their people like Obama much less seeing millions vote for someone like Obama. They read history in America don't they? Alas, the schools in the U.S. were conquered by the Communists long ago and history was revised thus paving the way for their Communist presidents. Obama has bailed out those businesses that voted for him and increased the debt to over 16 trillion with an ever increasing unemployment rate especially among blacks and other minorities. All the while promoting his agenda."We must seek support in the moral values that have ensured the progress of our civilization. Honesty and hard work, responsibility and faith in our strength are bound to bring us success."- Vladimir Putin

Far from bringing “freedom and democracy,” the US brought endless mayhem and death. to Iraq. And this is precisely what Washington is in the process of bringing to Syria. So much for truth, justice &amp; the American way!

And.Here.We.Go...

Far as I am concerned everything is perfect.  Terrorists killing Terrorists. Why would we intervene?

Obama needs this war, and needs it to escalate.  Carbon copy of FDR covering the failure of the New Deal with a war...this time the evil-doers are called Muslims, not #$%$.  Third term coming for King Hussein.

Get ready men and women. Once Nato gets involved military wise to help the rebels, Russia and Iran will get involved which will pull us into the conflict. OBAMA, KEEP OUR TROOPS OUT OF SYRIA!!!!

Such a mess.  We need to stay out.  The whole situation infuriates me.  Giving millions of tax payers dollars to people who commit mass murders so that rich people can make a buck or two if their side wins.  All the whole the American middle class continues to suffer.  What makes me mad the most is the fact that this global elitist robbery can't be stopped.

He looks Syria.

wait a minute!  don't forget north korea, and iran, and china, and russia, and???  it never stops people. buckle your seat belt, were in for a rough ride off a cliff.wait a minute!  don't forget north korea, and iran, and china, and russia, and???  it never stops people. buckle your seat belt, were in for a rough ride off a cliff.

another desparate attempt of some mission for NATO now that their need to counter the soviet block no longer exists. These countries just can't say "hey we don't neded this anymore, lets put the money into our domestic budget."

NATO has never managed any conflict properly without getting ground troops killed...they of course want the USA to lead and do all the bloodwork...they think they can capture chemical &amp; bio weapons storage sites with troops...wrong...one missile into a storage site,will put an end to back up troops, supplies and if the wind is blowing, rear bases...dont want one American, Brit, Aussy killed over something we are not going to be able to stop...mainly muslims killing muslims.

We CAN NOT AFFORD IT... If we cant take care of our own then we cant take care of others.. PERIOD!.

Let them all kill themselves, keep us out of it.

What took so long?  I hope other nations foot the majority of the cost and not the U.S.

Cut GI education $$? Use it for war.

We need to stay the hell out of it. We've dealt with fighting two wars at the same time for 10-11 yrs and are still in Afghanistan. Our country can't afford the politicians putting us smack dab into the middle of another one, in any capacity, and our troops are burnt out. The American people need to start stepping up and doing something about the politicians.

Now we will have to  go in and pull NATO's sorry A-- out.

do you want to see congress forget all about the "fiscal cliff" and "outrageous debt"?  and perhaps even forget what the word "entitlement" means?  just join in the chorus demanding that we go to war to save syria from its descent into chaos -- let's go to war and give no-bid contracts to haliburton because they already know all about "nation building" as they did in iraq.You know what's good for national securtiy?  Not trying to change history in places that refuse to let us. Chomsky is right about all this messing around over there.  Time to vote libertarian folks.

OH PLEASE do you expect us to believe this?????  Who is behind the chemical attack?  It sure ain't Syria!!!!  This reeks of WMD in order to go into IRAQ!  STAY OUT OF SYRIA!  BRING OUR TROOPS HOME!  SECURE OUR BORDERS!  REBUILD OUR INFRASTRUCTURE, BRING JOBS BACK TO AMERICA!!!!

This is a lesson to Canada, Europe and Asia who all bicker and #$%$ about the US invasion of Iraq, Syria is a PERFECT example of what happens when NOONE intervenes.The carnage continues..

The largest of the organized factions of the Free Syrian Army (the Rebels for those that aren't aware), the Al-Nusra Front, has been labeled a Terrorist Organization, and countless hundreds of rebels have been found to have ties to Al-Qaeda.......it's almost as if you're TRYING to repeat history (ie. Operation Cyclone)Just leave them alone; they're going to kill each other anyways no matter who's in charge. It's been like that for thousands of years; you really think it's going to change anytime soon?

So they want to break the stalemate, take Assad down for what?"After Assad falls, Syria could end up like the Balkans, Stavridis told the Armed Services panel.'We saw in the Balkans 100,000 killed, 1 million people, 2 million people pushed across borders, (and) two significant wars, one in Bosnia, Herzegovina, one in Serbia, Kosovo," Stavridis said. "I think, unfortunately, that's probably the future in Syria. It's going to be after the Assad regime falls. I think, there's going to be every potential for a great deal of revenge killing, interreligious conflict between various segments of the population, and it's very difficult to see the pieces of Syria going back together again very easily.'"

So will the Republicans play the role of the Dems and spit on our soldiers when they return from this war?

another war wahooo support the troops wahooo

Here we go

After 2 years and 70,000 lives , now NATO should be close down .Disgracfull !

Stay out of it Washington people!!!! If you guys want to go to war, all of you in Washington making orders should be literally at the frontline - ok?hmmm did someone way "Chemical Weapons" guess those would be the one's Saddam H. moved into Syria right before we attacked..... remember all those convoys moving in the dead of night....guess Bush was right after all !!

America is nothing but a war machine!  Go ahead, look it up.  All but 13 years of this country's existence have been wrought with conflict or outright war.  American taxpayer dollars hard at work for everyone but the American taxpayer.

Obama is making sure your children and grandchildren go to the Mid East to fight the Caliphate Wars!

Hopefully the U.S. has learned its lesson about helping these people.  At first they are thankful then are killing you.  Plus we don't need anymore refugees in the U.S.

Ohhh no...I guess it is time to let them kill each other.

I guess it's going to take a chemical WMD going off in one of our major cities before Obama shows any resolve on this matter. They must 'not' fall into the hands of the al-Qaeda backed rebels or they will assuredly make their way into our country thru our open borders!

yes..You know the rebels are losing when Nato wants to intervene but guess what, Nato isn't going to do a damn thing as long as russia is in this puzzle...So this is all talk...

Invade Mexico and imprison all the women in the durg lords' human puppy mills..

Get on Facebook and Twıtter and blast  Sen Lındsey Graham the Zıonıst stooge.

We need to hit the reset button on our government and military.Consent of the governed?! Yea right. 17,000 killed, that's just a drop in the bucket of the 130,000 innocent Libyans obama murdered in Libya.  He violated his authority, the U.S. Constitution to do so. Anyone that gets their news from any place but the treasonous, branch bait media knows who that genocidal psycho was  backing over there. The same terrorist he is now giving stinger missiles. With the number of criminal charges that could be used against this sorry excuse for a human being why is he not in prison playing wife to a well hung man raper? Never mind, that was his last vacation.

There has been more actions, interventions, and responses under this president that has resulted in more killing and destruction than under those war mongering republicans!  Where are all the peace protesters?

Let's no longer participate in other nations' ills and civil wars. If and I do mean IF it becomes needful to do so, go "all in". We have never lost when this nation decides to go all out, with total commitment. When doing the analysis of war, the government tries to do with the minimum cost. That fallacy doesn't work. Go all in or stay out.Additionally, that government or country needs to pay us. Not only repayment of our monetary treasure. It must also include that of our most precious blood.

Arm them both. There will be fewer left for us to deal with when they ultimately turn on the US.

Yet another Mideast war to zap the economies of the Western world for another decade.These Mideast wars are endless.  Just let the whole region go up and flames.  We can't afford to keep losing blood and treasure over there in these dysfunctional Islamic sheet-holes.

Get with it Washington.......stay out of it.

Russia will not sit by if NATO jumps in the frey in Syria.  Aasad is their man and Russia has their only naval port on the Mediterranean Sea there.  Any attempt to turn the tide there will be looked at as an act of aggression by NATO against an ally of Russia who has a treaty with them.   This is playing with fire for sure.  It seems the NATO ,, UN and US just cannot wait to start WWIII over who controls these Arab countries.  They may get their wish if they move into Syria.  They need to dump responsibility for bringing an end to this civil war on the shoulders of the Arab League and stay clear of this whole scenario.

I bet the Syrian didn't use the chemicals. It's "someone's" covert operation that dosed the area so that we can start another war with "real" WMDs this time.

Great...a third war I'll be involved in!  I just want to stay home!

So, Cindy Shehan must like war when it's waged by a Social Democrat.So, Cindy Shehan must like war when it's waged by a Social Democrat.

the eu just messed with putins money in cyprus.i would think to look to them for this gas attack.#1 because the assad army was killed with the gas and#2 they would cause the usa harm by getting us into a war with iran and assad.always look to see who gains and you have the law breaker every time.

Chemical Weapons is a threat, that left alone,  could kill half of the U.S, and leave the other half wishing they were. Tomahawks fired from the Sea a good start, Syrian forces would defect, Assad  would flee to Russia. Then the real fun putting a country back togather, Thats were NATO comes in big time , NATO countries in the region would send forces and police the country. Then find a leader for a new Syria

The US cleaning out Syria! As a friend of Israel, how great will that be/

it is sad to see so many folks die, but it would sad to have the poor souls pay us back with terror. so STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!

The Government will call this coming war, just another police action, blah, blah and more blah. I wish there was a way that our American Families could stand up to our voted in politicians and say "No!" that would be a miracle. The end is coming people.

Another in the long list of places the US has no business getting into!

Stay out of it.  We are broke.

Let them kill each other, it's less of them to come kill us.

We should stay out of this conflict.  We do not know who the rebels are.  They could be more extreme than who is currently in power.  Look at Libya and Egypt as examples of our support.  Thanks to Obama.  We could make it worse than it already is.  Stay out of it and support Israel and our REAL allies.wall street bankers want more wars. war war war....and puppet obama prompt facilitates.....

This is America needs,,Another War!  Not!

The US and NATO need to stop funding the rebels, i mean mercenaries and alciada.

Shouldn't have gone in Kuwait in 90, Bosnia shortly thereafter, Iraq, or Libya and frankly the one country we did attack, Afganistan, really should have been Saudi Arabia as well as that is where all the imams and money are flowing from.  That would have required a backbone though to face reality, that, NO the people of Saudi Arabia do not like us, in fact they HATE us due to their religion.  The only ones who like us in SA are those in power who frankly aren't really as its pretty much ruled by the imams.  Grrrr.  There is one thing guaranteed in this world.  Injustice.

America is collapsing at  high velocity,faster than you can imagine.When would Americans realize this and do something about the corrupted washingtion?

Oh goodie, another war in the Mideast.

Quit blowing our tax dollars that are withheld from our paychecks on being the world police, (f-word) the empire.

It's so easy for politicians and military generals to start a war, because they never pay a price for starting the war with their own blood. It's always the soldiers on the front-line, and the civilians who are too poor to get out of the way.

If atrocities were the reason North Korea should be top of the list.

Time to get rid of the War Mongering Interventionists Lindsey GayHam and his pal John 'Bomb Bomb Iran' McInsane and their AIPAC money'd ilk infesting We The People's Congress on both sides of the isle!!!Time to get rid of the War Mongering Interventionists Lindsey GayHam and his pal John 'Bomb Bomb Iran' McInsane and their AIPAC money'd ilk infesting We The People's Congress on both sides of the isle!!!

I notice that some people. Think we are trying to be"world police". Actually,that is not the case.Those in charge in our country. See no harm in reducing our population. By getting us killed in some other country. Also, the U.S. arms deallers, do profit from war. And of course, there is thelarger plan as well. Wich has been, is, and will be. Devide and concour. Devide and rule. By those who actually controle this country.

What a Nation, no money for the peoples but money for WARS.

who is next after Syria?

Stop the madness!!

Big mistake. Will we never learn?

Can you believe those stupid politicians are trying to get us into another war which we can't afford. Geez the Iraqi conflict cost us trillions. And trillions for Afghanistan. Enough is enough. Lets stay out of other people's business. That's the wrong kind of mentality to have thinking we can solve the worlds problems while the rest of the world sits back and watches our financial downfall and the fall of America.

stay out let them take care of their own problem's

If Americans are a tad skeptical over news like this maybe it's because we have been burned before like the claim of WMD in Iraq. None of that was true but it caused a 10 year war which is a high price to pay for a mistake. Opps there it is.

2014 can’t arrive too soon… Time to rid We The People's Congress of the worst of the Warmongering NeoCons who the Subverted, Divisionist Lame Stream 'News' Media can be seen constantly trying to prop up on pedestals. Time to rid We The People's Congress of Lindsey Gayham, and his pal John 'Bomb Bomb Iran' McInsane and their Globalist Interventionist Warmongering ilk who are in the back pocket of the insidious Likudnik Zionist Apartheid Expansionist AIPAC Foreign Lobby. No More American Blood And Treasure for the benefit of the Military Industrial Complex, Big Oil, Likudnik Zionists, and the Bankster War Profiteering Financiers of the Federal Reserve.Call out the drones smithers.

Cool, can someone else pay for this future military intervention ? Pretty sure we supply half of Nato with money anyways.

NO !

Let them kill each other.

They need to stay out of this and mind our own business, let them fools kill each other, less problems for us!

No fly zone is the NWO code for regime change.

Nuke iran and syria at the same time.. No no bomb all the middle  east at the same time and china and kuwait and all of them drop that bomb

It is ...none of our business......Really....its muslims killing muslims just as it should be....better than muslims killing us...lets spend our money and time on the USA and not others for a change....let allah do what he wants over there...and we'll let God does what he does best here in the USA!!!!!

It's going to happen ... and soon ... and very likely in conjunction with an attack by North Korea on South Korea. And of course Iran will also become involved. Why? What's at stake?In the late 1970s, an Islamic uprising by the Muslim Brotherhood (Obama's buddies) was aimed against the Syrian government. Islamists attacked civilians and off-duty military personnel. The uprising reached its climax in the 1982 Hama massacre, when 40,000 people were killed by regular Syrian Army troops. Today's ongoing conflict started off as part of the "Arab Spring" uprisings which were supported by Barack Obama, Ayatollah Khomenei, and of course the ever-present Muslim Brotherhood, and to date 70,000 people are dead and millions displaced.It's important to keep in mind three critical facts:First, this war, like all of the so-called "Arab Spring" uprisings, is a war between two sects of Islam, Sunni and #$%$. It's not political, and it's not being fought for freedom and democracy.Second, Syria has one of the world's largest arsenals of chemical and biological weapons courtesy of the Iraqi Republican Guard before Iraq fell to U.S.-led coalition forces.Third, if Islamists succeed in seizing control of Syria, tiny Israel will then be completely surrounded by ruthless enemies ... a combined Arab army of more than 5 million religious fanatics who have sworn to destroy Israel and exterminate the Jewish race.With Iran's version of an Islamic Bomb just months away and a very strong possibility that those chemical weapons will fall into the wrong hands (courtesy of the Islamic-loving Obama administration), a full-scale attack upon Israel within the next 6-8 months, if not sooner, is highly likely.

Why is it that the words 'War' and 'United States' must always appear in the same sentence or paragraph.? i mean really why? and just for the record,that is no fffffffng civil war in Syria,its just a bunch of criminal mercenaries leftovers from the Libyan,Tunisian,Iraqi,Egyptian.... etc..thugs used to create mayhem,chaos and puppet regimes doing their paid by the 'body count' jobs..You mean to tell me the western backed al qaeda rebels are using chemical weapons...oh my god...what a shock.

If their neighbors loved them so much why don't THEY go help them out? Where is Turkey and Iran?

The Middle East is a tarbaby. We still have troops in Iraq and Afghanistan, yet we're contemplating becoming involved in Syria???How much more war can America stand? How many of our best, brightest and bravest have to die or become crippled before we say 'enough'?I'm a conservative Republican, not some nancyboy democrat liberal. But I say 'ENOUGH'.

Hey, like, we're kinda tired of our dudes getting shot at and blown to bits for people who are gonna kill us in 20 years when we invade them again. So can we, like, chill out for a bit?

So much for staying out of foreign entaglements as admonshed by George Washington.  So much for Congress declaring a war.  Over the last 40 years we have WASTED men, money, and resources on USELESS engagements.  It is time to STOP.

Here we go again........

Beirut part 2, were screwd.

Here we go another global imperial siege by the NATO terrorists. The sad thing is that the US GOV has agree to be a member of the World Imperialist machine. of the UN/global organizations and corporations.

WMD used as an excuse to get into war...where have we heard that befor?

We the US need to stay out of this mess. Its a no win war.WMD used as an excuse to get into war...where have we heard that befor?

We the US need to stay out of this mess. Its a no win war.

If politicians want "Boots on the ground" let them put their boots on. Trying to civilize these people is like trying to share a pork chop with a hungry pit-bull. It'll never happen. Nato will go in and our troops will be the last out. Send Biden to confuse them into submission instead.

Let them fight there own war for one time.

They want NATO to end a war?  Seems like the US already has the same problem in Afghanistan.

I got a feeling alot of people are going to be really #$%$ if we get involved here

Call on the Arab countries to help out...  Keep the U.S. out.  We shouldn't get involved.

The world got together quick and defeated Hitler, it seems we have a problem doing that to these Muslim filled countries...

there is more than enough to charge Assad with crimes against humanity and other war crimes. He lost his right to rule when he killed 10,000 of his people , before there was a civil war...

This is exactly the same shuck and jive we were sold in Iraq with Saddam gassing the Kurds. Not falling for that trick twice!This is exactly the same shuck and jive we were sold in Iraq with Saddam gassing the Kurds. Not falling for that trick twice!

you know the whole middleast is a huge freakin toilet. the people are freaks. why should we even have to be there???????????????????????????????

70,000 dead, 1,000,000+ refugees, 2,500,000 displaced thanks to US intervention (al-CIA-duh) and not wanting to let the petro "dollar" monopoly go. cant allow other nations to trade for oil with something other than the "dollar", just look at iraq, libya, syria, then we got to supply the drugs for the war on drugs, thank you afghanistan for all the poppy fields. that way we can get free prison labor with our full, for profit prison system. we got the NDAA to put an end to habeus corpus so we can detain and lock up indeffinetly anyone based on "suspicion", we can arrest peaceful protesters now by claiming they are in an area being guarded by the SS (secret service) thanks to HR 347, and we are trying our damndest to take away them pesky guns. we got rid of the 4th &amp; 5th amendments with the patriot act, TSA, checkpoints inside the country, video cams on every corner and highway, and the cyber security laws. oh i almost forgot the fact that every tweet is stored in the Library of Congress and there are now groups wanting to access the tweets. yes our government loves us and they only want whats best for us, they wouldnt lie to us. well, maybe they wouldnt lie to us again...errr still, aw #$%$ it looks pretty bad.

There ya go you free-loving liberal fruitcakes. I guess you want to blame this on Bush-it also

and this will lessen our debt how???

You just can't keep your #$%$ away from the Apocalypse, eh?

It's time For Russia to slam the table, and show it's teeth!

Don't Arabs believe in kismet (fate or destiny)?  I'm sure Allah will take care of his people without NATO interference.  Imsha'allah !!!!  (God's will.)

If NATO has knowledge of Syrias' chemical weapons depots then they should be taken out rightnow as Assad has given the OK to use them.

It was probably staged to get opinion on the side of the rebels so the US will get sucked in. But then again...Obama is all for the muslim brotherhood.It was probably staged to get opinion on the side of the rebels so the US will get sucked in. But then again...Obama is all for the muslim brotherhood.

You would be surprised how many of the worst Nazi industrialists and Nazi Elite got off at Nuremburg with the help of AMERICAN partners in crime

Adm james nwo traitor and der fueher bsn u to death while un nato runs al cia duh= yahoo presstitute hoe traitors all lies all the time

I thought Obama already solved this problem with his brilliant diplomacy (apologies and handing over billions in taxpayer money) ... or has he decided to blame Bush instead?

NATO already knows where to hit them

OH no  no way no no nonow YET another war in the mideast

NATO intervention requires agreement among the 28 members.  Hopefully, the USA will NOT take the lead in any contemplated military action by providing the major share of funding, personnel, and armaments.  Let those other 27 members foot the bill for a change.  Maybe if they have to pay and bleed, they won't be so tempted to initiate military action.

another way to get out of creating jobs.

Well duh, where did you think Iraq's WMD went to? You thought he destroyed them? LOL hey libs.....here are your WMD's that did not exist.

At least Democrats can stop pretending not to be war-mongers now that Obama is in office.Potus is going to help the al-queda terror group in syria who had killed many thousands of innocent americans on the u.s. soil.

Just butt out!

Barak BushI swear they must put something in the drinking water of whoever becomes President...

Stay the hell out of Syria. According to another article on Yahoo, we're still paying for the Civil War.

We'll attack as soon as the sequester ends! DOH, didn't think about that did you Mr. President.

One would have to be a complete fool not to see where the powers that be are marching the world to.  Banks in eastern europe on the verge of collapse, the US deploying anti-missle batteries to the same, Syrias chemical attack, Israel ready to take on Iran, Russia gathering all the natural resources it can, China provoking Japan and now Vietnam, facists on the rise.  Let's be done with it once and for all.  Let the third and final world war start now!

Oh my god seiously!?! We aren't even out of the last messes we got ino!! We still have 25000 troops in Iraq, we're still in Afghanistan, they're bing sent to Africa and now they want to send them to Syria!?! Good grief seriously!! Let them deal with their own problems! We have problems of our own....like the fact that our President can kill American citizens on American soil with military technology...hm....that sound familiar.

Look people, the odds of us putting ground troops into Syria is extremely small, so relax.

Gotta keep all those people employed in what they do best.War is a business.Go Merica !

A lot of Christians have lived peacefully for a long time in Syria which shows me that we are getting a lot of propaganda. If Assad was some evil muslim extremist, christians would not be living there.Obama and his muslim brotherhood doesn't want them thereGoogle this: "The U.S. &amp; Syria: Facts You Should Know : Information Clearinghouse." This conflict was started by the US, Israel &amp; it's NATO allies.

It's an intra religious fight...catholic/protestant Ireland ...shiiiite and sunni...it will never end..just the technology changes.

Yay another war fought on behalf of Israel paid for with American money and lives! After this one they PROMISE to try and fix the economy. (fingers crossed behind their backs mwahahahahaha).

You gotta be kidding me.  Talk about going from bad to worse.

Show of hands for the suckers that voted for Obama. Remember, NATO, The U.N. all them are just the United States hiding behind a wall of BS. Neo Conservatives still calling the shots...

Put high heels on the ground and kick some Muslim axxes.

Bashar Assad's fall is inevitable, regardless of whether US and NATO get involved or not.  However, the civil war will drag on meaning there will be more bloodshed and civilian casualties if we don't "push it along" to a quicker resolution.There will be an indefinite period of instability in Syria and al Qaeda will find a new pool to swell its ranks in Syria, like it did in Iraq, Libya and N. Africa.  Israel will need to establish a buffer zone along its northeastern border.  But again, I consider all this a 'fait accompli' whether or not the US and NATO get involved.

Someone please explain what (if anything) this has to do with america...

"Another Bush war. Ohh wait maybe we cant use that anymore?. I know, we will call it a NATO war, and just send American troops and money.This finger pointing never fails." Obama

War for what?US Government: Helping terrorism since 9/11!

I am a Brit and sick and tired of our soldiers being killed and maimed too, enough is enough.

Would the US stand by if it turns out that the rebels used chemical weapons?

It's THEIR civil war. Let THEM resolve their issues THEMSELVES.

We need to stay out of this.

We have chemical weapons in the u.s.————-its called g.m. Food, drugs, and vaccines

Well of course because all those other NATO interventions turned out so well.....

CIVIL WAR?  How did our country, then President Lincoln and  the Unites States of America feel about England participating and aiding the Confederate States of America during this war?  Does our country have the right to  intervene on behalf of Syrians or anyone it thinks will give us favor and return in the distant future?  Is that correct to ask your sons and daughters to go and serve boots on the ground for mixed Arabs who we do not know their allegance belongs i.e., Iran, Hezbollah, Al Qaeda etc.  Why not just wait and bomb the winners into submission?  I'd like these fools contemplating sending our troops to borrow the money from the Chinese Communist themselves and send their sons and daughters off to this war.  The real threat to our immediate interests lay with the Chinese, North Korea, and the Pacific Basin?  Please, not one more adventure while troops are still in Iraq and Afghanistan?  No wonder our country is facing a budgetary sequester? The enemy of the state are those spending our country into oblivion for so called humanitarian causes for which no country on the face of planet Earth can sustain.

9 years ago, I was sent to a country just like this (Iraq) to solve the same "threats" (wmd's). It was all based on a big lie, and it was all for nothing, and 6 of my friends died for NOTHING!! Don't let our government make this same mistake America. It's all up to YOU, not DC!

When we finally get #$%$ whipped maybe will stay home this is not america9 years ago, I was sent to a country just like this (Iraq) to solve the same "threats" (wmd's). It was all based on a big lie, and it was all for nothing, and 6 of my friends died for NOTHING!! Don't let our government make this same mistake America. It's all up to YOU, not DC!

When we finally get #$%$ whipped maybe will stay home this is not america

Stay out of these little conflicts! Let NATO take care of it. Work on strengthening the home land.

Al qaida &amp; the Jihadists are waiting for you ,,,with rosses !

Be nice if the American people had a vote on these expensive wars.

I hope soon all these NWO servants will be arested and tried for treason...

Obama wasn't satisfied with Libya he wants more war.

Called upon... by whom?  The Government or the "rebels?"I say neither, and tell both of them to go funk their ugly, hairy, fat mothers, as they cry into their ninja outfits.For frick sake, people...  NEITHER SIDE lets women have an OUNCE of freedom.LET THEM KILL EACH OTHER.

Wow, the anti-christ comes back from Israel, and immediately we are doing their dirty work again. F all you zionist trash.

I dont like this one bit your messing with my zen thing man. I am just tired of war on mother earth.I dont like this one bit your messing with my zen thing man. I am just tired of war on mother earth.

First Libya now Syria is this war-monger really the hope and change you voted for.

Someone start a petition and post a link here to tell the politicians NO to another senseless war!

More dirty work for the rich bankers.

Bush &amp; Obama = War

Lol... I've literally seen this before. We either supplied or or deployed the chemicals ourselves for a variety of reason... Anything from ... To aid the regime change and/or to get the news off of what Obama is trying to do at home like force Obamacare and/or take away our rights. This is classic ... Start a fire in the reichstag and blame the Jews...

here we may go again..but why? what is the our national interest in interfering in a civil war in Syria?

oh brother

The UN wants all the US left wings to fight over there first, starting with Obaby, Bloomer and Calfankie. That way the rest of the left wing will follow them regardless if and when they get kill by all those REAL ASSAULT WEAPONS that we sent over all these years.

Just praying this is not another "Sea-gull gate" (Gulf of Tonkin)Just praying this is not another "Sea-gull gate" (Gulf of Tonkin)

Someone want the US World Police?  Pay off our debt and we will be glad to help.

AIPAC wants NATO action in Syria, faster. AKA the Samson Option

US politicians and their cohorts lied to the world about Iraq and WMD. They lied to us about the state of the US economy. Now they are lying to us about Syrıa to justify a war on behalf of Israel.

The insanity and demonic deception of NATO and our US government, is apparently growing more profound.  We are now helping to topple the "moderate" less lethal muslim enemies of the United States, to install "extremist" (orthodox Quran followers) more lethal muslim enemies of the United States, and Mr. Obama and Administration, is forgiving their debts, sending them super weapons, and funding them with all types of aid, just like he is doing to our Mexican invaders who think like and often work like the drug cartel.  Mr. Obama is a muslim ally, but you didn't watch "2016: Obama's America", did you, and you only read the surface headlines of the betraying, liberal media, that is in many major outlets, Saudi and Arab-owned, don't you?

The world is like a chess game! The U.S. &amp; the U.N. can't not play a game that is set before them! They can only stop and think for as long as they have! Then......CHECKMATE!!!

To commander:  Shut up.

so assuming that russia will veto any u.n. (= western = nato) intervention this time around, which they now seem to regret having done for libya, then i expect that a formal nato op will not be forthcoming. so then subsets of the alliance may take up the cause on humanitarian grounds... which does sound just like the intervention in libya. same cause, same justification, just having a different patch on the shoulder. if such intervention would actually help the civil population, and not just further western agenda(s) - - and it's a mighty challenge for us to keep them separated - - then it may be worse not to help at all. but now that we appear to face a more certain involvement in syria, in one way or another, i appreciate all the more what marine general mattis said a couple weeks ago - - the situation there is far too complex, and therefore problematic, for our military intervention.

If the USA is to be world police, then we should collect taxes from every country we enforce in. If not, well then no go.

We saw in the Balkans 100,000 killed, 1 million people, 2 million people pushed across borders, (and) two significant wars, one in Bosnia, Herzegovina, one in Serbia, Kosovo," Stavridis said. "I think, unfortunately, that's probably the future in Syria. It's going to be after the Assad regime falls. I think, there's going to be every potential for a great deal of revenge killing, interreligious conflict between various segments of the population, and it's very difficult to see the pieces of Syria going to be hard to put to gether,is any body listening?why help alqeada? by the way if assad comes under attack by nato,and he knows he is going down ,he has missile and chemical weapons that can hit Europe,so be warnedWe saw in the Balkans 100,000 killed, 1 million people, 2 million people pushed across borders, (and) two significant wars, one in Bosnia, Herzegovina, one in Serbia, Kosovo," Stavridis said. "I think, unfortunately, that's probably the future in Syria. It's going to be after the Assad regime falls. I think, there's going to be every potential for a great deal of revenge killing, interreligious conflict between various segments of the population, and it's very difficult to see the pieces of Syria going to be hard to put to gether,is any body listening?why help alqeada? by the way if assad comes under attack by nato,and he knows he is going down ,he has missile and chemical weapons that can hit Europe,so be warned

Please Washington, stay away. These people have been fighting for thousands of years. When are we going to learn that we cannot be the worlds police department. Let's PLEASE take care of our own suffering millions!

I fought in Iraq and I have some advice my fellow Americans both enlisted and civilians:Don’t join the military.If you’re in get out.If they draft resist.You are needed at home now!

Another war looming in support of the zionistas

Hey  we need to militarily support these foreign islamists and mercenaries on saudi bankrolls because they are fighting for the rights of the syrian people that aren't even there anymore because they fled from their bombed out homes and now must live in tents as refugees

Just send SOCOM with support with basic weapons and ammunition.  There are AKs that shoot hard to get ammunition.  But otherwise stay out.  NO funding for their government projects.

Well let's see, failed economic policy, failed gun control policy, failed investments in alternative energy now moving toward war. "Can you say "wag the dog?"

WW3 here we go!!!

Another war fought by the USA and paid for by China.

Prep is short for prepuce.We are a member of NATO.  If they all agree, we will be in it no matter what.  Hopefully, it will not be at the cost of more American lives.  There are other ways to skin a cat...........

So first we illegally exceeded the UN authorization to maintain a no fly zone over Libya by overthrowing their leader and for what reason. Because he threatened to use military aircraft on his own people?!Don't we use killer drones on our own people? Hasn't our own president claimed the power to use drones on his own people here at home as well?

Weapons of mass destruction again! Is there anyone in the whole entire world still believe a single word of what the US or the NATO say about anyone. Lies, lies, lies, this is all what the US and NATO are able to produce since Bush started the slippery sloap. Read the book entitled (The Big Mamboozle) about how Bush, Cheney and the Saudi Government conspired to make 9-11. Philip Marshall the author of the book was conveniently found dead with his two teen aged children and their dog and it was conveniently a case of murder suicide YEAH sure all who dare to expose the NEW WORLD ORDER must end with a suicide.....

There has not been a time in my life when we have not been in some kind of a war:  Korea, Cold, Nam, Grenada, Africa, Bosnia, Kuwait, Afgan/Iraq.   Blood and #$%$.  Not any end in sight.  After Syria it will be Iran and then North Korea.  Then we will have to choose sides between India and Pakistan.  It's time for the insanity to end.  Perhaps this new Pope can take center stage to shout against war, to be tough, honest and fearless in his demand for peace.  Some leader has to.  I know...wishful thinking.  How can one change the minds of those leading Syria and North Korea?  Francis Goes To Syria.  Francis Goes To North Korea.  Francis Goes To Chicago.

NATO will send a mean letter of concern to Assad...!

Let's arm more terrorists! Or even better, have our own soldiers killed trying to save people who hate us!

Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it. Stay out of it.

IF  he sends them in with out congress approve then he needs to be kicked out of the white house and put under a jail.

Ya lets stick our nose in another one and get it shot off. Why can't these idiots in Washington understand that the majority of Americans do not want us to get involved in these conflicts! Its one thing if one of our allies gets attacked or some little nation gets invaded by some rogue gang of ruthless bullies like  Kuwait but sticking our nose into a civil war in a country who hates us is another example of the U.S. government run amok policing other nations! And you wonder why we are hated by the majority of the world!Stay the hell out of this civil war America. Let the Russians or Chinese settle the peace agreement between the Assad regime and the rebels. Oh wait a minute. Russia and China aren't stupid enough to send their troops into this rats nest to get their #$%$ shot off. Only the U.S. government is that dumb!!!!

let me guess they found weapons of mass destruction right?! #$%$!!NATO or US?  We all know who will carry the load...............These people have been slaughtering each other for centuries.  We can't stop them and we can't make them our friends.

So supporting the rebels would bring Syria to a future of long and bloody civil war like in the Balkans, so instead of preventing that, by NOT supporting the rebels anymore, we are discussing more support to them, which would bring down the Assad regime and push that country into even bloodier long-term conflict! Excellent foreign policy, anyone still wonder why they call us imperialists around the world?

The only war we need to get into is against the Liberals that are destroying this country!

Obama is a pacifist and won't arm the rebels to the teeth.

There is no easy or "pat" answer to this. It's a very complicated issue and involves more than just whether or not the U.S. should get involved. Because we just want peace in this world and we don't want to send our troops out again, it's easy to simplify this problem. This is a GLOBAL problem and all nations in NATO should be banding together. Why be in NATO if you're not going to be involved? The thought of war terrifies me. Especially something that can easily escalate into WW3. And if it does, we can all kiss it goodbye. Nuclear and chemical warfare that would prove to be horrifying and catastrophic. That's why we get involved. To try and stop the spread of the vile and evil regimes that would kill the whole world rather than negotiate or give up a spec of land. It's been like that since the beginning of man. And it will be like that till Armegeddon. But does that mean we should just turn our back on it? I fear for my grandchildren and their children and the future of the world. Not just the U.S. And this fear includes other places like North Korea. It all seems so simple to me. But...the world, it's people and it's problems are not simple. Life is complicated. Just like this problem. Try prayer instead of complaining. You think you have it bad? Try putting yourself in the place of anyone there who has had to flee for their life and that of their family. With nothing but the clothes on their backs. Wouldn't you want help? That's why they run. And as the old saying goes, all it takes for evil to succeed is for good men to do nothing. May God help us all. And I mean ALL.

As mush as i dont want to be part of another stupid war, something needs to be done about this mad man.

Reap what you sow, Syria. You wanted to shuttle jihadis into Iraq, work with Saddam, prop up every anti-American wannabe Osama in the region, now deal with it. The people on both sides of this conflict hate the US and everything we stand for. They don't deserve a drop of our blood or our non-existent-taken-from-future-generations treasure.

NATO is not going to do anything, they never do. Al this talk is just what it is talk. They wear pretty blue beret's but as an effective Military Force they are never allowed to fight or anything. Time to send in the World Police and we sure know who that is.

you liberals are confusing, Obama blows everything up accross the middle east all in the name of "Humanity" and you all go nuts, but when Bush goes to Liberate Iraq you say it was for the oil an unfunded liability and so forth.  You are all so gullable.

Man, #$%$ Lindsey Graham. That profiteer puppet just wants for opporuntinities for his corporate cronies to win more money off another war for their sick game. Seirously, neo-cons should be kicked out of power in EVERY direction. And why should NATO itself give a #$%$ what the Assad family is doing? Why bother going against him by helping Al-Qaeda militias complete their goal of conquering Syria? Be real, there are NO good options here other than to ignore this civil war and let the wacky Sunni Arab states fund the FSA on their own behalf. Getting involved would make us hypocrites and more politically stupid. As no one with a brain would favor democracy for that #$%$ up fixed country of Syria, at all. So #$%$'emNo No No No No !

Contingency????  OK, let's use this case as a measure of when to intervene.  70K+ killed = intervention.

Agree with all Yahoo Posts- STAY the hell out of the Middle East. We don't have the money and I do not want our soldiers to die on foreign soil for something that does not involve us.

"We are prepared if called upon"....Yeah and we've got all these wonderful weapons that are just sitting here gathering dust, going to waste you might say.  We are all dressed up and with no place to go!Relax!  20 years from now who will care what happened in Syria?

So Senator Graham would like us to fight side-by-side with Muslim extremists to topple a fascist state.  Good thinking Senator.  Perhaps if we help them now, they will have a change of heart and consider the western world a friend?  They will abandon centuries of Islam teaching and we will coexist peacefully with rainbows overhead and lollipop skies.

Let them kill their own!

Russia supports the Assad regime.  Don't they also supply weapons to Assad's regime?  Well, I guess we know why Russia supports Assad.

I just wonder; what effect the wise American voice I see here has on WAR lOVERS in DC.? NOTHING, I think.

We can jump in to stop another countries war but we cannot stop waging them for the desire for profit.

yayyyyy you liberals sure elected a war monger for a president,,,libya, africa  now syria,, but i guess you libs really dont care about another war seeing that your boy is starting it...enjoy and CHOISince one of Russia's main Middle- Easteren base sit's just south of Damascas, Putin has already warned, If Syria is attacked by Nato or the U.S, then all Hell will break loose in that Region.  Any comments?

I think the Russians put it best: Syria must decide for themselves their own fate...

there is a funny side to this,,,YOU peacnik dems are gonna haver very own war monger president....lolol this is gonna be great !!

the judges rule here in the USA we the peeps are out the\window

support both sides, the more of those As*Ho*** that kill each other off, the fewer we have to deal with.

why wont americans do anything about our rogue government spending all our money for these countrys and for what nothing

Our Pentagon and greedy politicians accepting more bribes for more war....Every day, I think this country is heading toward a civil war or revolution. These war mongers have plundered our treasury to the point where we are the worlds' largest debtor, yet there is money for them.....Syria is not our concern...nor is Iran, nor is Afghansistan or anywhere else over there....our country is falling apart...

He looks like a scared puppy.

What idiot thought this up.... The U.S. Management never learns.....

Who is the opposition and what do they want ? If we"re going to be a police force somebody besides me needs to pay for it. The middle east countries have been killing each other for a thousand years in the name of religion and nothing we can do will change it.Who is the opposition and what do they want ? If we"re going to be a police force somebody besides me needs to pay for it. The middle east countries have been killing each other for a thousand years in the name of religion and nothing we can do will change it.

Thank you Mr Obama! You're foreign policy has brought us miracles! Way to lead from behind!!!

"History is the sum total of the things that could have been avoided."  ~Konrad AdenauerI guess we need to go again to really cement the lessons in huh??

Get in first and fast and nuc them. Then peace follows.

these clowns know that can sell anything to amaerican public, they used to swallow any #$%$ they feed them.

The Rules of Of Engagement ought to to get be interesting

Great another war to bankrupt our country. We're already in debt that we will not be able to pay off in over 100 years. Thanks to Genius-Bush and Islam-Obama.

2 comets in one year...  That's a nice omen for the Illuminati and their agenda...Google: PsyOps: New Series US Dollar Bills Tell 9/11 PlanGoogle:  ILLUMICORP - Illuminati Secret Training Video RevealedGet Informed American Patriots, Because The Subverted Lame Stream 'U.S.' 'News' Media Want YOU In The Dark, Deaf, Dumb, Blind, and DividedTurn Off The Divisionist Lame Stream 'U.S.' 'News' Media = The FIXED News Channel (FOX), MSNBC, CNN, CBS, ABC, now YAHOO (pure Propaganda &amp; Censorship)

Cant wait, who said sending in people. I back drone monitoring and engagement directed towards major strong holds. Chemical weapons dont effect robots.

No more senseless wars, and no more American soldiers dying in vain! If politicians want a war, THEY should go! STAY OUT OF IT! The gov should do what the people want, not the other way around!#$%$ Syria,let all our foreign allies go in and kill themselves,this is no picnic like iraq was,our country will go into a major depression as we have ni pot to #$%$ in already and we could lose thousands more of our troops going into a out of control country,send in hit squads and take out this fn lowelife president asad,have some special forces from israel go in and take out the fn lowlife assad

Obama made the Nobel Prize worthless.

Yep, let's go to Syria, then Iran,then North Korea.Keep that $ 700 billion a year military machine going.  Some balanced budget for the war based country.  .

Who didn't see this happening, have to start playing worlds police state again, The War industry must have been lobbying congress hard for this one (other than Iran).

Nato is asking the USA to go and fight. It is obama telling the UN that he will send US there because the US people can die and spend money there because he wants us die and broke. Long live the dumb A hole Obaby.

Wasn't Vietnam a civil war... until we got involved?

And where are the co called war activists?

In 2 years they have lost 70,000. In only a few days at Gettysburg, we lost 51,000... It is their civil war to fight.. not ours.

Haven't we learned our lesson yet when it comes to messing with countries in the Middle East? Will we ever learn?

got an idea. let them sort it  out themselves.  Im tired of the UN really meaning the USAgot an idea. let them sort it  out themselves.  Im tired of the UN really meaning the USA

If NATO gets involved, there is no way the US will not be involved. I say, the war has gone on long enough. Something needs to be done and if military intervention is the only resort, as the time for talking has long since passed. Not trying to be a warmonger, just trying to be a realist. There really is no easier solution. The Syrian's have launched against the Turkish and the Lebanese, not doing something now will only get worse. 70,000 dead is never a good number and Assad needs to be removed in an expeditious manner. I'm sorry if you disagree with a realist, but the only way that more lives will not be killed is to remove the problem and all along the problem has been Assad. Use of chemical weapons has only made this bad situation just that much worse.

I hope they do not include boots on the ground.  Next thing we know Obama will overtake Bush in his reputation of getting us into or staying in wars.  Use the damned drones.

what the hell we pay nato for let them take care of it they are just a joke we better keep our eye on north korea and iran before the whole #$%$ house goes up in flames

U.S. is just a disturbed nation...either causing disturbance in mid-east or getting involved in it at all cost.

Send in the drones.

I was going to keep my mouth shut, is there a war will not ever fight?Does anyone understand the meaning of imperial overstretch?

I believe that if this were to take place it would set the stage for a world conflict.I hope I'm wrong, I think that we are all looking at a new world order game changer.

Here we go again. Using excuse to back up roaches call Syrian rebels are proxy army fighters for west. Why we elect these few people n AFTER they get elected, they can do WHAT ever defense or offense arm industries LOVE 2 cranking up war related materials n get some huge profit at the expense of ordinary Syrian people. This time is NOT going 2 like Libya, CZ Syria's well educated Assed is backed by Russia, China, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon faction N I detest worst of all that we are backing those human killer Al-Qaeda n UK n France is doing once again regime change attempt n middle east world war 3 is about to begin thanks to Obama allowing cunning delivery or our arms to UK n routed to roach bugs call it Syrian rebels. it is going to be NEVER ending quagmire. ONCE again, Obama is wasting our money, invite hatred by recognizing Al-Qaeda affiliated thugs as legitimate n that is moral criminal acts to 911 victims n American public. STOP giving anything to rotten UK, century old criminal robber country going around taking over other countries land, raw materials, N pretend gentlemen? Laugh to death. NOTHING gentleman about far worse than highway robbing's n dictator symbol like Queen as next 2 god. UK is truly no good country n I hope one day that country will be collapse n third world country by ALL that crimes done middle east n NOW they are about to commit another one. This time Russia, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon n MOST of all iron will Syrian majority people who have common sense, if it has, will win NO matter what the UK, France better arm is with supports from NEVER giving up Russia, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, n above all, Syrians who has common sense NOT to fall into these thugs N western nation's proxy fighters  2-destroy Syria. If majority Syrians understand this, that is such bad news 4 robber country UK n no good France.

Great.  More possible military interventions into another Mid East country.  The last two worked out so damn well.Oh no say it isn't so....please forget involvement....just another swamp.

Kinda sucks to go to the middle east to protect people who hate us.

Democrats are taking away our rights, while at the same time, Obama is "Giving Away" millions of arms prepositioned in Diego Garcia (small arms to artillery) to 35 of the 57 countries in Africa.

ovomit needs to send his daughters malaria and sushi to fight a war.

This is NOT an imminent threat to US security or Israel's existence for that matter. We need to stay out of this. It is not in our hemisphere and not our business, period. Let's not repeat and reapeat our failed history of involving ourselves in violence all over the world (and especially alone and where people plain hate us) just to make our defense industry a few more bucks.

America will get involved because their master wants them too ( wink wink)........

Will Obama give the order to go into Syria to support the brotherhood?  Where was that order when our American brothers were being murdered in Benghazi?

We're going to help the Al-Nusra terrorists wgho are running this war????????Send Obummer to Syria, let him run that effing country!

LET THE PARTY BEGIN !!!

NO body who is informed is buying the BS any more and are tired of people getting killed over false flags. These guys know who is really causing the problems and it is not the people. They are just the pawns for the elite wanting another conflict to profit from and distract the masses.This is why our boys are killing themselves in the field.They are killing for no reason.Just like in IraqDay after day after day of killing with no hope of effectively changing anything and going home.As a vet I am telling you don’t join the military.If you’re in get out!If they draft resist.You are needed here at home as soon as possible.

Still think Ron Paul was wrong my fellow Americans? You should have ignored the media and listened to him. He was all we had for a representative .

Assad has threatened to use these "chemical weapons", on US forces, if they intervene. (His last ditch effort). So this would turn into a Hellish “MESS”, to clean up.Thousands upon thousands would be killed, maimed, the second ANY forces hit the ground, U.N., or U.S. Not just soldiers, Women and children (Assad doesn’t care) He’s NOT going out quietly!I say U.N. troops ONLY. As the article mentions –“ a resolution from the U.N. Security Council and agreement among the alliance's 28 members would be necessary before NATO assumes a military role in Syria”.The ONLY thing that will end this is another “Shock and Awe” attack. Hit them quick, hard and deploy U.N. troops ONLY. The U.S. can provide a lot of “Fire Power”, Go in and just get it done.But then we have Russia to contend with….???

One thing is for certain:  Syria doesn't deserve an ounce of our blood, a cent of our money, or a drop of our fuel.  Islam deserves itself.

Not going to happen. Syria is closely allied with Iran, and it is also militarily supported by two superpowers: Russia and China. If the US or NATO intervenes in Syria, it is going to prompt a response by Iran which will back Syria and if NATO then strikes Iran, it will bring China and Russia into the conflict, because Iran is a candidacy member/observer of Russia's military alliance CSTO and China's Shanghai Cooperation Organization which assists security and defense for Central Asia. We are seeing the beginnings of World War III play out right now. Russia has had it with the U.S. in expanding the scope of NATO on Russia's borders, even though the U.S. signed an agreement back in 1991 after the USSR fell apart that it would not do so; and China is fed up with the U.S. expanding its military powers and also financing the U.S. national debt. Furthermore, the U.S. has a habit of always supporting the rebels which are tied to terrorist groups. The admiral in this article makes note of how civil conflicts irrupted in Bosnia and Herzegovina (when the first Yugoslavia fell apart) in the early 1990's and then again in the second Yugoslavia (Serbia, Kosovo) in 1999. The admiral didn't mention the fact that the U.S. and NATO helped al-Qaeda terrorists in Kosovo when they waged the war on Yugoslavia in 1999; or yet again after the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, or yet again in Libya in 2011 when the U.S. and NATO went to war against that country. There is a deeply flawed foreign policy existing in this country were one day we are told to fight terrorism, but then the next day, we have to support them, even though we really don't know who these rebel fighters really are. The U.S. is walking a tight rope regarding Syria. Do we need yet another war? More destabilization? More terrorism? Another world war?

No no no no no, stay away USA, let them solve  there problems. If they want to attack Syria  Let the Arab country do it. Please USA don't make any mistakes again....don't send our boys again. I have Nieghbor who lost his legs from Afganishtan &amp; it really break my heart to see him.

Here we go...the excuse that we were waiting for in order to stick our noses in another arab country's business.......wonder who realy dropped that bomb..hmmm

NO TROOPS IN SYRIA....death from above let allah sort them out.

how about we just do our own thing. we have helped this world enough, its time to help our selfs. let some one else pick up the bill on this one.

America tell barock im uh baroke..America tell barock im uh baroke..

Either be prepared to stay forever or dont go at all personally im for the former

Lets let the uncivilized World handle their own problems for once.

here we go again ...

Can someone please tell me how to get to Springfield. I need a cold Duff beer at Moe's Tavern.

First I want to know how the goverment is sending body armor to Syrian rebels but some of our own soldiers have to buy or get funded to get their own. Secondly its also a bad idea for the Russians like assad we DO NOT need a conflict with Russia. We just need to back down and let other countries take care of themselves.

NATO interfere only when it sees who is the winner.  They been watching an atrocities for two years which are more than enough to take side.  Are we planning a base or imposing our will or are we going to use IMF to twist their arms? Politics as usual.

Out of one war and going to another one. At what price and why?

Wow No one saw this coming ! I cant believe The US would get involved in another countries affairs..OH wait tHATS  ALL THE UNITED STATES DOES.

Your comments are being recorded by the man with the Tyranny planYour comments are being recorded by the man with the Tyranny plan

I don't trust anyone who kills for a pay check! stay gone! You all know better!

They have Weapons Of Mass Destruction..!!!SOUND FAMILIAR..???Stay the "F" OUT of other countries USA. AND keep your hands the "F" off of Other Countries OIL.God Bless

These GD Arabs are worse than the Koreans!

it's funny how the press uses the words "reject claims" when our government is accused of something wrong, but when the gov't accuses their enemy (Syria, N Korea, Iraq, China, etc.), the press uses the word "deny".  news articles can never be neutral, people need to learn how to interpret reality instead of being influenced by the tone of the journalist.

Look whos in charge of our military...bama man who has never been in the military or knows how its structured or works, John Carry to cover ground zero , c'on man . Hagle in the Pentegone. I think the fruit cake lady might stand a better chance in giving advise. God help us.

Top 15 Lamest Reasons the US has used to invade other countries15. 1775 Canada - Because it was there.14. 1800’s Various Indian Wars - Because they’re savages, only not as well armed.13. 1847 Mexico - Some rogue bandits terrorized a border town and it scared us. Better take everything Mexico owns from Texas to the Pacific Ocean so we can defend ourselves!12. 1876 Sioux War -We know they’re your sacred mountains, but we found gold there!11. 1899 Philippines – Sure it’s on the other side of the world, but your masters the Spanish might have put a bomb on one of our boats in Cuba, and it REALLY scared us.10. 1903 Panama - Sorry Columbia, Panama just happened to want it’s independence at the same time we want a canal! What are the odds?9. 1919 Russia - Always bet on White. (Unless the Reds are going to win)8. 1951 North Korea – They attacked our puppet, and besides, those slants will surrender in no time.7. 1953 Iran – Sure it was a democracy, it just wasn’t a GOOD democracy.6. 1965 Vietnam – One of their fishing boats fired on our battle fleet! Maybe.5. 1983 Grenada – The Soviets said they wouldn’t militarize Cuba, but do you know how many Caribbean islands there are?4. 1989 Panama – Our boy Noriega got uppity so we have to set an example for our other cronies in Central America and elsewhere. (Hi Saudi Arabia!)3. 1990 Iraq 1 - We have to protect our longtime historical and cultural soul mates, the Kuwaitis2. 2003 Iraq 2 – WMDs!1. - Whatever the military industrial complex dreams up to justify attacking Iran and Syria

Here we go again playing police of the world, it's going to bite us in the #$%$ one day.

Hey DC , you sent me , and my division to Iraq 9 years ago based on the same lies. We are sick of your lies, and sick of your central banking based profit wars. Keep this up and you will see an "opposition" like Syria's here at home. BANK ON IT!! I know you basturds in DHS and DC are reading this!

Let them just kill each other..... problem solved!!!Allahu akbar, BOOM!!!!!-Palestinian Alarm Clock, Family Guy

Are we looking at the next takeover of a nation by the Muslim Brotherhood?

The USA needs a war or its economy will dissolve. Now we know where the troops will kill next. Iran and N Korea are so strong to kill the USA mercs. Now Syria will feel the maggots of the USA. The troops can not be welcomed back to the USA since they are trained rapists and killers, depressed and PTSD owned. They will roam looking for more victims, children, women and the old-elderly to murder. The USA is a sewer.

hey stavridis, LIBYA WAS A FAILURE! quit bragging about it

So how many people believe that Obama doesn't have a military plan in place for America as well, even taking into account a large number of "defections"?

Obama and his Shadowy War-heads are more bug-snot crazy dangerous than those fools Bush had around him. They're now supplying Al Qaida mercenaries with chemical weapons!??Do they really think that Russia and China and Iran are just gonna stand back and let them start this new invasion, a la Libya?They've culled out all the military leaders who will say no to them, so now they only have "yes" men who'll tell them what they want to hear.The level of support for this throughout the American public is nil but that's not gonna stop them. They think their political strategists have got this all under control.

Politicians never learn from their mistakes, and you are wasting your time and energy complaining about it.

this is all we need right now, let go into syria and play peace keeper. let's give a big shout out to the obama administration!!!!!!

We are in "Sequester" right ?, We're out of money and the government is shutting down programs, we cant even afford for the Marine Corps Band to perform. How can we afford billions to go stick our noses in somebody else's business?.

The axis of evil is clearly natoUsa stay the hell out of this ! Not another dollar, not another weapon, not another american life, for a country that may turn on us in the future. Tell russia to go to hell while we are at it.

Can we please stay the #$%$ outta this one?  Havent we wasted enough money on people who so desperately want to kill us?

Well obama can always blame his reckless spending on the war in syria . Hell america will believe it .they have believed all of my other lies. This could work. A joe get me a whiner tour set up to spread the bullshett around the country starting in chicago.i said now betch.

You can't handle 2 large scale wars at the same time with the threat of a 3rd gaining strength.

One of the final nations without a Rothschild owned "Federal Reserve" style centralized bank. Iraq used to be another one, as was Libya. I never used to believe in conspiracy theories but when governments and their corporate sponsors make so damn much money on war, while  expanding their power and everyday soldiers are little more than cannon fodder, it begins to get a little old. WMD's in Iraq. Staying in Afghanistan after Bin Laden is killed. Drone attacks in Pakistan &amp; Yemen that kill more innocent people by far than actual terrorists. America does not belong over there. We don't have to be the world police. Let the useless U.N. take that role. I'm convinced of one thing the more I watch and pay attention to world affairs.“All governments suffer a recurring problem: Power attracts pathological personalities. It is not that power corrupts but that it is magnetic to the corruptible. Such people have a tendency to become drunk on violence, a condition to which they are quickly addicted.”- Frank Herbert

Are you there to be part of the solution or part of the problems. Let the Islam solve their problem.

Don't count on our help with that #$%$! We're having problems paying for the last two, you want peace in the middle east? THEN GET IT YOUR #$%$ SELF AND LEAVE US OUT OF IT!

Send both sides all our 60n mm morters  and let them go at it

Here we go. Invest in Lead, Gold, Silver and aviation gas.

A.F.W. !A.F.W. !

Simple answer.  I am a member of the US not United Nations.  I will not fire one round unless it is congress approved!  Good luck on them getting that approval!

let them slime kill each other, I dont see the downside!

Real good, Obama is going to find a resson to send american troops in. say sit back and let the Mujos kill each other off.

Why is it ok for Obama to take out Assad, but it was wrong for Bush to take out Hussein?

would not the Russian Republicconsider US involvement in Syriaan act of war upon their alignmentwith that country.Looks like that biblical tribulation stuffis materialising after all these yearswhen everyone called it huoy

I'm starting about the CoD 4 storyI mean look at itmiddle eastguy named AssadWMD'sRussia backing the bad guysno but reallywe should stay the hell out

They are just waiting for an excuse to get involve, war monger. The beast need to be fed.

That is where obaby went, to tell the UN that he will let our people fight and get kill for no reason.

Why do we poke are nose in other countries problems.  We should worry about our own s \t and help our selfs first, Syria has not harmed a single sole in the U.S.onama kills like a crazy many

marshall our fleet and overwhelm with power, but dont go to war. If we do, end it in a week

The Pentagon can't resist the desire to interfere in the affairs of other nations so it made up this story that Assad used chemical weapons in order to have an excuse for invading / bombing Syria.

....Well,well,well.....I think we found Saddam's WMD's.....&amp; Democrats owe (former) President Bush an apology.

To all you anti war idiots. genocide is genocide no matter where it is. It needs to be stopped just like we stopped it in Bosnia and Iraq and Kuwait in 91

I am a PA resident and will soon write a letter to Bob Casey asking why he supports arming Al Qaeda when they are supposed to be the enemy. Should we expect the "vetting" of the so-called resistance to be any better than the vetting of Afghani police and military that consistently kill American personnel working with them??

The same old reason is used to justify intervention in Syria: chemical weapons. We know that this was a lie in Iraq but went ahead and destroyed that nation and now we have direct handling of the oil that we always wanted. Who cares how many people get killed. It's worth the money for the interventionist to dispose of their enemies and bring in their puppets.

In trying to help them, we will accidently kill some civilians. They will pledge eternal revenge on us and attempt terrorism or will kill our troops on sight.

I wondered when Obama was going to make "PUBLIC" the Troops that have been training for 6 months at FT Reilly KS. for his war in Africa?This month, Obama plans to start deployment of 4,200 troops of the 1st INF 2nd BCT in Company size units to 35 Countries in Africa as "Advisers" along with millions of weapons (small arms to artillery), they will fall under US Army Africa based it Italy.MACV Adviser68-70

wrex "commander shepherd" grunt "commander shepherd"It is the Syrian civil war. Not the American civil war. The number dead and misplaced is nothing to the numbers killed during the American civil war. We did not want other nations helping the south at thst time and we should not help the Syrian opposition this time. Let them sort it out like we did.

You and your grandkids first, chickenhawk.

Don't do a thing the middle east is always trying to get others involved with the problems they created for themselves.Just let them shoot each other and then maybe if they come to their senses they might get on with living in peace.

When I left the military I was told we would have plenty of jobs here. I've been unemployed for 2 years now and eat Ramen noodles from the money I get with the GI Bill...how about we don't screw the future generation of people from enlisting just to do Washington's 'dirty work'. You don't meddle in your neighbor's business when you yourself have a broken home. Please fix our country first.

At least some of you have noticed the Fourth Reich !Just say NO !

So I guess our Nobel peace prize winning president is going to get us in yet another war?

Better give back that peace prize idiot.  No he likes to kill people with drones, Americans at that he is such a great President I am so glad I never voted for him.

Jeez, just put a non-atomic warhead on a Minuteman III and light that sucker off.  End this #$%$ already.  All you need is one good "thunk."

Just what we need,another war.How many years and millions of dollars will this one cost.Hell with these other countries, lets start taken care of our own.

Remember when Obama said that the reason we were bombing Libya was to spread American values.What line of garbage are he and his media cronies going to try and shove down our throats this time.Just what we need,another war.How many years and millions of dollars will this one cost.Hell with these other countries, lets start taken care of our own.

Remember when Obama said that the reason we were bombing Libya was to spread American values.What line of garbage are he and his media cronies going to try and shove down our throats this time.

He we go again. So far the claims made by the Obama adminstration sound alot like the claims the Bush admistration made re Saddam and his supposed WMD.  And what if a radical Sunni group used them against Assad's mostly Alawite and Shia troops?

Take advice from Nancy Reagan and "just say no" to wars we don't need.

Lybia all over again.  How'd that turn out for us?

Here we go again , loss of lives and $ goes down the gutter .

Its time to open up a real fresh can of.....whoop #$%$......just make me want to open it!...........I #$%$ .........D.....A......R.........E.........Y......O......U!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

kuwait. iraq. afghanistan. syria. north korea. etc.....etc.....

MIC beating the war drum once again......sigh

Let Allah help them, thats what they scream with every other breath anyways.....where is allah?Obama has to look out for his muzzie bros. But we shouldnt have to.

Lately Obama and republicans say that these trillions of debt are not bad after all, just to get the war going.

do we really need more war? we are better than this america

how about stop funding the terrorist, so the war can stop.

We need a rest for our military for a year or two to recover.

All this is pure BS,,, I wonder how many of these people our Elected Ofeeeesies want to bring to this country SO WE THE TAXPAYERS WILL SUPPORT FOR GENERARATIONS TO COME

lets go !!...there nuthin like a good war!!!

1,2,3, What are we fighting for? Don't know, don't give a damn, next stop is ______(fill in the blank as needed)

I feel  bed  for people living there   places  like Syria and Croatia  are afoul places to live at

Syria will not became another Libya even though those war mongers and Crazies want it to happen in order to cover up there support for the terrorists.Syria will not became another Libya even though those war mongers and Crazies want it to happen in order to cover up there support for the terrorists.

STOP THE MADNESS!

Again another allegation by the US of 'Weapon Of Mass Destruction', this time chemical weapon, opening the door for yet another preemptive strike.  Don't they get tire of this old trick?

"Down the road we may make another determination," Casey said when asked about arming the rebels.Its nice to know our tax dollars will pay for the bullets that will eventauly get shot back at our military once we do get sent in there.  Just like in afganistan.  Idiots.

It warms my heart to see such support for revolutions from so many in the American government. Such humility. Such daring. I hear they -Baptist-like-  even point out who the American revolutionaries are: supporters of our nation's laws and traditions. To whom shall we turn?

No boots on the ground. I don't mind  us in support roles but let other countries take the lead. Unlike Libya this is going to need ground forces. Russia is going to do everything they to prevent it since they are Assad's ally and they need those supply routes through Syria.

great get out of one war and have the U.N. pull us into another one we have no reason  to be in

Well I guess we are all finished in Iraq and Afghanistan… Syria here we come to take your resources too… All we needed was an excuse to occupy your nation..... Sad

Just like the politicians ,our admirals and generals are NOT TO BE TRUSTED! They are all liars and high ranking freemasons. They do not stand for America, they are NWO stooges and deserve the death penalty for Treason

Whatever, Let the Europeans do as they will as long as the U.S. stays out of it.  We've already done too much.Whatever, Let the Europeans do as they will as long as the U.S. stays out of it.  We've already done too much.

let the Arabs Take care of there own unless we need a 51st  State. we need to mind our own Problems unless theres is Made ours.

There's plenty of evidence, the question is how good it is and who it points at. To reject the Syrian government position without examining it just shows knee-jerk bias.

I thought our "leaders" learned history in their Ivy League schools.

bang bang

Mr. Peace Prize Obama can't want to play global policeman &amp; make his defense contractor buddies some cash.  Don't be fooled, this has absolutely nothing to do with promoting human welfare, they couldn't care less about your so called rights.

i thought all our carriers were in port because they are out of fuel , thank you obama

If we realy need to get involved in a civil war....it should be right here in the US...Look at how many people are murdered dailey in this country..look at chicago

clean our streets first..before the rest of the world

Yes but now we have the power of Gen-Jish- Kahn on our team!!Yes but now we have the power of Gen-Jish- Kahn on our team!!

wow another country the american people get to pay for. Why can't our government stay out of other countrys cr/\p

She looks toasted in the pic with her lawyer. Always has been a mess. Not really all that anyways.

We continue to use the war for peace mentality and continue to get further in debt and will fall ourselves if we are not careful....Do not continue to get our country in further debt! Freeze the spending for the wars until we have a positive cash flow and remain in a defense only posture...I know the Big Business have you politicians in there pocket &amp; stand to make billions on the war at our cost!

Two options:  1.  It is a civil war, let the participants kill each other until one wins.  2.  Low yield nuclear weapon.  Look at Hiroshima today, beautiful city.

Chemical Weapons sounds a lot like the non-existant weapons of mass destruction that were supposed to be in Iraq.  Our government needs to learn to mind their own business.  Unless there is solid evidence that there are chemical weapons being used, there is no reason for the US to get involved.  And if they are being used, go in, blow the hell out of all the weapons and manufacturing plants and then get the hell out.  No more 9 year wars.  We can't even pay our own bills, how can we afford another war?  I can't believe how dumb our government is.

F the  dirty rage heads,  just let them exterminate themselves.  They dont have any oil do they?

I say we give each Middle East country seven 30 mega-ton hydrogen bombs and let them each off each other....it would be a great plan if only we could relocate Israel temorarily.

Sysia has Great Archeological Significance to the Human Race. the Oldest city in the world is in Syria. Some of the Oldest Military Tactitians were from Syria. Paul the apostol was Syrian. Syria Plays a Huge part in Christianity, and the Church of Antioch..

Here we go again!  The military-industrial-academic complex will just love another war.  More excitement and money for them while the poor and the middle class pay the bill.Sysia has Great Archeological Significance to the Human Race. the Oldest city in the world is in Syria. Some of the Oldest Military Tactitians were from Syria. Paul the apostol was Syrian. Syria Plays a Huge part in Christianity, and the Church of Antioch..

Here we go again!  The military-industrial-academic complex will just love another war.  More excitement and money for them while the poor and the middle class pay the bill.

Hey DC Elected " JUST SAY NO, No More Help, No More Money, No More Wars! Just say sorry we can't even take care of own Citizens in our own Country (USA), So from here on out ALL of you (foreign countries and illegals) are on YOUR OWN! Best wishes!

I am sick of the U.S. sticking it's nose and our money into every country in the mid east. Obama is no better than Bush for war. Let these people solve their own problems.

The 'war' in Syria has now gone on for over three years and the rebels seem to be looking to America to help them as a final resort. I wonder why The World Brotherhood of Islam and other regional organizations do not bring an end to the murderous Assad regime?After all its in their area that this sorry conflict has gone on for over three years. Let the neighboring countries help put an end to the struggle in Syria. The US ought to stay away from being the Policeman to the World, a role it can ill-afford to play.

The UN and the USA along with all of NATO is no more than an organized gang. Syria has an official government in place and those others are doing everything possible to destabilize Syria in order to make the work easier to attack Iran. I pray for complete failure.

. . Was it occured to anyone that someone could be lying about weapons of mass destruction just to get into another war ? ? A lot of people make a lot of money on wars. .

Sign me up, I'm sitting around on one of America's f#&amp;$ed up reservations anyway might as well go out in a blaze of glory. I'M READY

No one helped the US in our civil war why should the US help others in there's???

Always Recpect your Mother &amp;FatherAlways Recpect your Mother &amp;Father

Assad cockroaches back in here in full force, f u  . The NATO will end the alawits hizbollah Iranians invaders terrorists in Syria !!

Typical dumocraps. They are excellent when it comes to creating chaos in a foreign country and installing another dictator as their puppet. Obummer obviously roots for his muslim brethrens the FSA.

when USA strikes.....it only gives you may be......may be...24 HRS....to pack and leave.......look at the recent histories......you dummmmmmp fudges

All propaganda - they well know Russia will be right there in this war.

It none of our business. Let them  fight.If we have to go send the  comander and  cief in first. It is time for him to  sevre in the military. We  want our troops back  home.

Enough is enough! Not our country, not our problem. Tired of seeing my battle buddies killed because people can't mind their own damn business.

Hi good, Sirs, this is a precious news coming from the Heaven, that a contingency plans under way for destroying Assad ,his families, his damn government,his military Regime,their families too,and all those criminals who they have the blood of innocent Syrian brave people in their dirty hands and lean the country for the people to freely breath.thanks to allconcerned parties US top generals,US kind senators,and all others,May God bless you all and keep you alive to revenge those wild animals throughout the world.Amen.Rose

Anytime there is a crisis...never let it go to waste.  The Communist in Chief will have us involved in this one...you can be sure.  It will be a "good war"

I thought that the AlQaeda is responsible for 9-11 and we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq to get rid of them. Turned out that they are now our allies and fighting against Syria. So for all the US men and women who lost their lives or limbs in the Afghanistan and Iraq war, sorry your government is now is a friend to those who killed you!!Israel wants this- and so it is. They own us. The people in our country that sit atop most industry secretly pledge their allegiance to Israel. And so it goes. Research any industry, public or private and you'll find about a 70% ownership in monetary terms and 50% ownership in executive positions. Yet these people make up around 2% of this nation. Seen a Doctor, Lawyer, Judge, Casino, Car Dealership, Professional Sports team owner. That's just private. How about the public sector- they don't allow enough characters here for description. Do some research and you will see. They work together for their agendas and not ours.

Now the westerners are just watching their combative products on how it works in the destruction of mankind. When they learn something missing on their products they will again do innovation, improve and sell out for war..

If those chemical weapons fall into wrong hands and enter another country.  I feel sorry for the city targeted.  Only option is to stop that from happening.

yes lets support the same people who we are supplying weapons too  terrorists. WHo cares, let Syria work it out, hell POTUS has us in Libya. How many of these places is this "Hope and Change" President  going to place us in?  We have boots in Libya, Africa and now Syria? I mean really, let them duke it out themselves. We have enough issues with N Korea, China, Russia and OEF/OIF. The POTUS is DRAWING down the MILITARY, #$%$ involve us in this?  Protect our own country and finish the job we are in now. If not fight to  WIN and get out. That means destroy everything, till surrender. .  That will be the only way, as otherwise you are seen as weak. We are that now with the leadership we have, and need to change ideas.

I say we should have a second set of votes at the end of each presidential term to judge their performance during that term. If more than 50% of the public votes that their performance caused more damage than good for the country, they should be brought up on criminal charges.Personally, I think an old-fashioned public firing squad is the best resolution.

FSA(rebels) have terrorist forces in their ranks like Jabhat al-Nusra and you want to help them?? Awesome! It looks that new US president is not much better from old one

Are we a chemicals supplier Pentagon?  YOU'RE FIRED!Turn you into a homeless shelter.

Not our country, not our problem! Let them kill each other off and the hell with sending our military in to die for their country!!!

Obama is unable to avoid this mess in Syria I believe. I really hope makes the best decision possible, the USA doesn't need another Cheney, 'lil Bush, Condee, Dumbsfeld MISTAKE errr LIE!

Americans just dont get it we are world police because the money it generates for those in power and that is the only reasonAmericans just dont get it we are world police because the money it generates for those in power and that is the only reason

Someone please ask ny mayor Bloomberg what he wants us to do since he thinks he knows best.

Syria sucks, leave them alone, no matter who wins they will only hate the western world. They are a bunch of crazy religious fanatics.

Russia will show a extremely reaction and that would be so bad for NATO trust me US has no interest to get involve in the Civil war inside the Syria.

I think the real question politicians are asking is not "what can we do to help", but more like "what can we get out of this one". but then again, what do I know, I only fought in Iraq in a couple of times.

These countries have been fighting among themselves for thousands of years, it will never end....the U.S. needs to stay out of it...keep your nose here in the U.S.

Yeah let's go back to being the UN Bulldog throw us out to make peace in someone else's civil war.  Go get US troops killed to stop other idiots from killing themselves.   We need to come back home fix our problems and leave the world to fix it's own.  The only things we need to put our nose out and into is the things that are going to threaten us.  Then we stomp on it hard and fast and be done with it.

4 decades for Assad' family rule is reprehensible. Islamic extremists(sharia law) taking over Syria after Bashar Assad must have left is also reprehensible, disgusting &amp; totally unacceptable.

America - destroying and terrorizing the world since 1776....

Open. Honest, peaceloving Obama. God only knows where we would be with that secretive, lying. warmonger george bush were still in chargeshot them all kill them all bomb them all hpoes GOD comes hmoe

wheres all these comments when George W. sent troops into Iraq for no reason  and the Country is still unstable today it was pretty much a useless war at least the people need and want our help unlike Iraq

I can't support sending our men &amp; women to die because of another lie in the middle east.

Sounds a lot like the same script &amp; lie we were told about Iraq.

I say we just bomb the chemical weapons only, but no other military intervention.

Carpet bomb the the entire Mideast with hydrogen bombs. Problem solved.

I need one of those big huge crayons.......NO !.!.!

Oh my God, here we go again... Please mind your own backyard first.. We have sequester and everything, a lot of money spend on these wars and people who hate us. Sequester Syria, sequester egypt, sequester the middle east. Let their neighbors solve it. Think first of america and its ever dwindling funds. Remember great nations were bankcrupt by wars and thus weakened their availability to improve their economy and prone for manipulation by other nations. Let Syria destroy themselves. Let Afghanistan destroy themselves. Let Egypt destroy themselves. They hate us anyway... The US under Obama is helping its enemies and forgetting their allies.. If I am a country I will stop becoming friendly to the US, then I might be mention in the white house and be given some fighter planes for free and some 250 million dollars cash, like what happen to Egypt... Did the US gave one fighter plane to the Philippines, a long time ally of the US....... HELL NO.

I don't like innocent people being killed any more than the next American, but I don't see how this is our problem. I hate to say it but, I wouldn't risk one of our soilders lives for any of them. Furthermore, I'd much rather like to see my tax dollars being spent on things that could help our country and not someone elses.

This just in...................There's unrest in the Middle East.I don't like innocent people being killed any more than the next American, but I don't see how this is our problem. I hate to say it but, I wouldn't risk one of our soilders lives for any of them. Furthermore, I'd much rather like to see my tax dollars being spent on things that could help our country and not someone elses.

This just in...................There's unrest in the Middle East.

Awesome news! Finally! Been waiting about a solid year for news like this! Poor little Assad about to end up like Gaddafi. Good riddance! Go Syria! Go FSA! Go SNC! Go U.S. citizen and Syrian Prime Minister Hitto!!! Oh yea baby!!!! FINALLY!!!!!!

Keep on marching to war to  WW 3 and it wil be over, The old  warmongers will be Happy. Riches for many. Pain &amp; Suffering for other.  God help us all who beleive war is not the answer.

THE WORLD IS COMING TO AN END REPENT.

Not only don't they learn from history, they continue to believe they can change the future in every foreign land on the planet. Be sure to pay up on April 15 so Obama's war boys can get paid yet again. Stop. Stop. Stop.

Here we go again making defense contractors rich &amp; playing global policeman.

We as an Army do not have enough money to train, but we do have enough to go to war.

Where's Cindy Sheehan when you need her...Oh that's right it's O'bummer Wars now, there will be not protest.

Obama should tactically redraw the red line - only use of nuclear weapons on US soil by syrian government agents should be a crossing of the new red line.Bye bye Assad! Go FSA! Go SNC! Go Hitto!

Didnt Bahrain used chemical weapons, why did the us go for them? because they have a base down there?

we done #$%$ up in sticking our people in harms way too get for the wealth,greedy.its time too say NO,NO

do not do anything !!! WAR IS ALMOST FINISHED NOW. ARE YOU MANUPLATING ?

One reason the US is hanging back from the war is that they don't want the Syrians to be using our own weapons against us when we leave them behind after the war.

Its more important to teach peace and love then any thing else.... To save us from each other and are selves.... Before its to late.

France played a HUGE roll in the US defeating Britain, and helped us gain our independence.

The US &amp; NATO which should have been disbanded decades ago, are going to once again bomb the Christians &amp; moderate muslims to assist the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists they said did 9/11

#$%$ !

Take the heat off Gun legislation/Budget issues occurring now, by finally doing something with this when it should have been  done how long ago?Take the heat off Gun legislation/Budget issues occurring now, by finally doing something with this when it should have been  done how long ago?

Just blow up the capital!

just in time to give the republicons a reason to cut domestic spending even more...as we leave irag just move the troops if the US is not in a active war Republitards would not be happy

Job security...sweet.

Again we are the worlds unpaid police force!

Give everyone just enough ammo and guns so they can fight each other,, but not win,,hopefully they will kill each other off,, and go visit  their,,goat #$%$ god. happy times!!!

I wonder if our government turnned tyrannical and started shooting us and using the top grade weapons technology at its disposal while we only have some gunpower and limited other forms of deffence would we not want others to intervine for our sake??? That being said I hope its other countries to intervine this time the U.S has done enough both good = Gadaffi killed....and Bad=Iraq/Afghan wars.

"Assist the Rebels"? Gee, that worked out so well in Egypt and Afghanistan, why not? Is this administration entirely out of it's mind? Change this, change that.This approach is anarchistic, unaffordable, and totally unpredictable. We can't enjoy peace on our own southern border, but we will acting like the world's expert on acheiving lasting peace everywhere else. It is time to sober up, put the basketball away, and look at what we can and must do, while avoiding deepening commitments in places we do not belong.

US delayed to act in syria may be becoz there was no oil as for IRAQ &amp; LIBYA . Let US and allys help syrians from the wrath of ASSAD.

The rebels today used chemical gas against government controlled area in Alleppo. Killing 31 ten of them are soldiers and injuring 110. This is blocked in US media. It is all over EU and middleast. They would have not used without a green light."Assist the Rebels"? Gee, that worked out so well in Egypt and Afghanistan, why not? Is this administration entirely out of it's mind? Change this, change that.This approach is anarchistic, unaffordable, and totally unpredictable. We can't enjoy peace on our own southern border, but we will acting like the world's expert on acheiving lasting peace everywhere else. It is time to sober up, put the basketball away, and look at what we can and must do, while avoiding deepening commitments in places we do not belong.

US delayed to act in syria may be becoz there was no oil as for IRAQ &amp; LIBYA . Let US and allys help syrians from the wrath of ASSAD.

The rebels today used chemical gas against government controlled area in Alleppo. Killing 31 ten of them are soldiers and injuring 110. This is blocked in US media. It is all over EU and middleast. They would have not used without a green light.

I wonder how much of Assad's chemical weapons stockpile came from Iraq?

WE love you assad #$%$ obama!!!!

WE love you assad #$%$ obama!!!!

Lol. This should go well.

The U.S. and it's puppet, the U.N. created this conflict, because the Bankers told them to. They did this by sending in their own CIA trained insurrectionist to destabilize the country. They branded these insurrectionist as rebels. They branded the Syrian government for the violence that they instigated. Now they are going to escalate things and take over Syria(Regime Change). It's the same thing they've been doing since Eisenhower was in office. The 1% again!!! Wake up Fools!!!!

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$SYRIA

Why fight their war??? Let them kill each other.The U.S. and it's puppet, the U.N. created this conflict, because the Bankers told them to. They did this by sending in their own CIA trained insurrectionist to destabilize the country. They branded these insurrectionist as rebels. They branded the Syrian government for the violence that they instigated. Now they are going to escalate things and take over Syria(Regime Change). It's the same thing they've been doing since Eisenhower was in office. The 1% again!!! Wake up Fools!!!!

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$SYRIA

Why fight their war??? Let them kill each other.

Well strategically it makes sense to pull out of Afghanistan, go into Syria and make our way into Iran.

over 60 died in iraq in multiple near-simultaneous bombings. is the usa going back there? nope. going to syria is not based on some morale principle, its based on money

Hypocritical...You are willing to arm these insurgents thus greatly increasing the probability of them acquiring lethal WMD, then turn around and use WMD falling in the wrong hands as you're excuse for intended invasion???Sounds like Iraq/Libya 2.0Don't insult our intelligence.

We had help. Actually, a lot of help. Without French involvement the American colonists in rebellion wouldn't have been able to continue fighting a 'revolutionary war' for more than a few months. And we were just mad about levied taxes and under-representation in government. Not a government massacring it's people.

The U.S. is going to have to play a role in this. I just hope that some other country can take the lead, and that we keep our troops safely beyond reach. But be prepared for a hike in taxes to pay for it. We're still trying to climb out of the hole Dubya dug for us. Don't burden our great-grandchildren with it.

Looking for war in all the wrong places.

Oh yeah Operation Camel Dung II. KBR workers are itching to work again for a new discounted price of $1000 /hr for handing out towels at the gym."We have a military going to waste when we are not constantly at war"Me     3/20/2013

Turns out that the chlorine was just in the swimming pool at the local YMCA. No need to go to war over a bit of extra chlorine in the pool.

Is it the Islamic Brotherhood that is at war with Syria?

if nato do any mistake or take action against syria then you count the end of nato,nato will not suvive if nato backing wahabi terrorist the world getting to end this is my promise,,nato will not survive in no where,world war three ,,responsible nato and alqaida terrorist not other nations,,,the missile are ready towards USA and other member of nato,,all with balistic may be good gift for nato,,and their wahabi alqaida terrorist freinds,,,

If the US is going to act unillaterally, why are we even involved in NATO. We have the tech to watch the stockpiles from here, why secure them? Do you know what happens when you get in everyone's business? They all get in yours!

Author Michael Collon from his book “Liar’s poker” a blueprint for “Democracy”Step 1: Preparation of a more or less hidden agenda (Use Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist operatives to bomb, maim, and murder, to agitate racial, religious, and class strife amongst the targeted nations population)Step 2: Images that shock Public OpinionStep 3: Groundless and Wild Media Accusations Without InvestigationStep 4: Western Objectives are AchievedStep 5: Corrections to Erroneous News Reporting: Too Late and No Impact

Syria is another chess board where the pawns are being sacrificed. Two sets of players on both sides. USA, Europe, Western Powers on one side. Russia trying to hold on to the other side. How this chess game will end even bothe players dont know. Lets put it this way, there will be no chess board to play with in future, and no players, ultimate move GOD checkmates Man.

I think in the light of Syrian problem we have no choice, but to acknowledge war crime against the people of Syria and civilization has a whole.  Chemical warfare is torture and obviously, the Syrian people can not control the plans of a reasonable outcome.First of all, how would a rebel militia get chemical weapons, it's hard for governments to produce and purchase chemical weapons. I am totally against war in at all costs, but Assas needs to pay for what he has done to his own people. He should have done the honorable thing and stepped down, and hopefully, innocent lives would have been saved in light of a such a heroic act. Assad has proved nothing but his willingness to kill Syrian innocence, we need to help resolve this situation even, if it means help opposition fighters gain control of the government.

This is not even a debate it's unanimous, this is not our fight

The bankers are just drewling right about nowThis is not even a debate it's unanimous, this is not our fight

The bankers are just drewling right about now

We pissant, peasants can oppose quagmire military operations that cost those who pay taxes and get nothing of any value in return in the billions, or trillions of dollars until cows come home, the fat lady sings, etc. it will not make a difference. As for learning from history, when have our politicians ever learned from the evil of their ways. Repeating mistakes is the 1 thing that politicians do efficiently, the old saying you cannot teach an old dog new tricks, pertaining to politicians that dog was a pile of dust a long time ago, and since you can not bring the dead back to life and rejuvenate them.

I bet if America was at war with Syria, we'd be hearing how evil Assad is and the American troops fighting him would be labelled as heroes. But when someone else does it, they're labelled "terrorists", "al qaeda" etc. If they die, then at least they died fighting for a cause they believed in, unlike the Assad supporting keyboard warriors on here who don't really care about the Syrian people.

Let the chemicals do their job and save American lives Does any American really give a rats as# about these future terrorists

Let the chemicals do their job and save American lives

Congress better stay the heel out of this. Even if they were supplying arms to the rebels. The last man we supplied arms too turned on us and so 10000+ Americans have paid the price for this over-site.

send congress first.put them on the front lines and earn their saleries

In all my life, I have never been more convinced that the actions of our government lately, is absolutely setting us up to fail, making us more divided, and keeping us in the dark about their sinister goals behind the scenes for wealth, power, and domination. They play puppets with the lives of our military sons and daughters for their own sick agendas as we sit back and let them.Sickening. I have always been a proud and patriotic American, but I am losing faith in this country by the day to preserve the freedoms and rights we have fought and died for and we owe to our children and our future. A huge change is needed and it will take a drastic and powerful action. I am ready, I've got nothing to lose.

Just send in our drones, take out the regime, and tell the rebels they'll be droned if they don't behave.I can't believe nobody saw this coming, when the CIA started this 2 years ago I said here we go and guess what, here we go!  Politicians looking to blow more taxpayer money in a country where we have no business being AGAIN!  We need a new government, one that is actually for the people and not for these crooked politicians and their corporate buddies wallets!

North Korea has nukes and is threatening to use them on USA, but noooooo, Syria is at civil war and USA wants to stick its nose again in other peoples business on a senseless war.

The NATO NNNatzis are gearing up for another one of their Orwellian dropping of "Peace Bombs" &amp; "Democracy Bombs" on the Christians &amp; secular Muslims fighting the same Sunni Wahabbi Al-CIAda terrorists they told us did 9/11

The Earth is ripen.

Not saying I agree with it, but I do understand the "world police" concept, in a way. However, another country's civil war does not fall into our jurisdiction.

The Murder assad need to be GUILLOTINE ! M.F. Pc of #$%$! Murder !!!!!

get ready for loosingmore money in useless war, taxes increase, more recession, for none existing  WMD.Its fun to see so stupid politicians

It seems like our military is just itching to get involved.  They misjudged Irag, Afghanistan and know want to try it again.  This will lead us no-where.  Haven't we learned enough yet.

muslims killing muslims win win

Get ready for gas to rise super-fast as usual. The speculators will be hard at work.Get ready for gas to rise super-fast as usual. The speculators will be hard at work.

One of Bushes/Cheney's cronies that ignores elections and the passing of time looking for another 10 years plus war to find himself some relevance. Pathetic.

What ! We going to send in our secret army of priviatized thugs !

give the rebels 3 nuclear bombs and the war will be over tomorrow. We do not need to clean up the mess.

Hmmm-  so we CAN get involve in Syria, as long as it doesn't involve the defense of US lives at a US installation

fack them let them continue to keep killing each other we need to focus on america and our problems here tired of being the world police let china and russia help them

I think we should send all the repubs into fight for syria, get them outta here

Let China Handle theSituation

allow the U.N to deal with this, since this conflict is having syrian civilians spill into other countries. nato is just finding itself a excuse to draw itself into another conflict we're gonna get ourselves stuck into.

"We are prepared if called upon to be engaged as we were in Libya," he said.  Ouch!  Not sure, but that was a buck going right back to Oboma letting those 4 Americans die for... what?"We are prepared if called upon to be engaged as we were in Libya," he said.  Ouch!  Not sure, but that was a buck going right back to Oboma letting those 4 Americans die for... what?

We need to stay out of this let them killing each other they been doing since time started. And they do it so well.and its a way of life for them anyway.

Hold off a little while and let the americans pay for it all ! Their just about to run out of third world countries to beat up on and they can easily turn the middle east into the fifty year war from here. lmao !

CAN THE US CHRISTIANS SUPPORT THEIR CHRISTIAN BROTHERS IN EGYPT SYRIA AND IRAQ OR THEY STILL DO NOT CARE????? Vladimir Putin asked the Russian Orthodox Church for support to his reelction. Metropolitan Hilarion of Volokolamsk, chairman of the patriarchate’s department of external church relations, did not ask for money. The issue of “Christianophobia” shot to the top of the church’s agenda a year ago, with a statement warning that “they are killing our brothers and sisters, driving them from their homes, separating them from their near and dear, stripping them of the right to confess their religious beliefs.” The metropolitan asked Mr. Putin to promise to protect Christian minorities in the Middle East.

Seriously come on! Let them handle this themeselves and let us not get involved. Whoever wins will always hate America no matter what. So whats the point? Ugh Lord help us.

JEW NEWS LIES!!!!NEXT LIE???

Starting to feel like Iraq all over again, makes no sense and has no positives, please stay out, we and our future generations can't afford another 15 trillion in debt

give the russians a big new naval fleet on the island of cyprus and they will throw assad to the wolves.  new euro crisis solved.. middle east kept in disarray... russia is happy with a mediterranean presence, a spot to launder euros and a huge new gas field.  problem solved

dont worry we aint going to get involved!!!   The russians have a naval base in Syria and have told obama to stay out of there cival war or else! dont worry obama will tuck his tale up in his vagina and do nothing as alaways!!

Do you think the weapons companies like Haliburton with all of their lobbying will let another goldmine like this go? They want us in as many conflicts as possible to raise their profits!Starting to feel like Iraq all over again, makes no sense and has no positives, please stay out, we and our future generations can't afford another 15 trillion in debt

give the russians a big new naval fleet on the island of cyprus and they will throw assad to the wolves.  new euro crisis solved.. middle east kept in disarray... russia is happy with a mediterranean presence, a spot to launder euros and a huge new gas field.  problem solved

dont worry we aint going to get involved!!!   The russians have a naval base in Syria and have told obama to stay out of there cival war or else! dont worry obama will tuck his tale up in his vagina and do nothing as alaways!!

Do you think the weapons companies like Haliburton with all of their lobbying will let another goldmine like this go? They want us in as many conflicts as possible to raise their profits!

THE PENTAGON IS PURE EVIL AND TOTALLY UN-AMERICAN

Middle east every country is fool, only Iran is god country.

what are we doing sticking our noses where it doesn't belong? this is none of our business.if they want to kill themselves, LET THEM...we need to figure out our own problems before we have another civil war right here in the USA..

It's time for OTHER countries to take the lead in these conflicts, and for America to take a back seat. But no. We have to be the big man every time.

why waste our soliders lives?  drop some bombs on Assad from a Predator drone and then be home for dinner

i am past the point of being sick of the media lies. here is a suggestion, why not call all these mid-east wars what they are? protecting the criminal interests of israeli am past the point of being sick of the media lies. here is a suggestion, why not call all these mid-east wars what they are? protecting the criminal interests of israel

Now Syrian people will get good democracy as they wanted like Iraq and Afghanistan, wait and watch Syria soon will destroy.

After Iraq, Afghanistan Syria will be unrest for forever. they never understand who is the behind that Syria civil war and who is responsible for killing more then 70,000 people.

somebody will pretend(act) as U.N.

We need a working class party, not only in the USA but internationally to stop the criminal rich ruling classes from starting wars at will.  Read the World Socialist Website.

how would we love it if someone would support terrorist in our country and try to overtrow our goverment

we knew this will happen..................................... hahahahaha

LET NORTH KOREA HANDLE IT!!!!

ITS A CIVIL WAR LET THEM TUCKER THEMSELVES OUT

It's about time ....Let's stay home and prepare for ours.  All the ammo and armored vehicle purchases the Socialist Leader has obtained was solely for this purpose.

Odd a nobel peace price winner would be drawing red lines in the sand.

More of the same for the citizens of the U.S, Americans are being raped by the war machine and the federal reserve and your grand children will still be paying the debts they've shoved down your throats. Syria can easily be solved diplomatically but that doesn't suit these vipers and thieves. The same goes with Iran, but israel has been pushing the U.S to attack Iran since the 90's with their lies about the bomb. Stand up America and refuse to spill the blood of your young men anymore so that a few can make immense profits.

i will state this here agien , you are to late the time to act has past . the un is a failure .

i wonder how many U.S. Congressmen and their cronies will make lots of money from this?

Oh #$%$, I signed up as infantryman, I really hope not to get involved here.

How would it be better to have the US and the UN over there fighting and dying, then the opposition fighting and dying?  At the end of the day, regardless of which side wins the war, they will be no friend to America or Isreal.

Why the HELL do we always get involved in the middle east where the outcome is NEVER what we planned???? Someone needs to tell the #$%$ in the senate to stay the hell out of middle east wars. The Syrians can fight themselves to death. Why should we spill another American blood in the Syrian conflicts??? American servicemen are tired of wars!!!! Any senator that wants to get involved in the middle east conflict should send his sons and daughters to go and fight over there!!!! Enough is enough of this nonsense of getting sucked into endless wars in the middle east!! It seems we have not learned our lessons from Lebanon, Iraq, Afghanistan, and now some senators are asking about getting involved in Syria, Iran!!!!!

@Richard, thank you for telling it like it is, we really need to have more voice's like your's.we should have done more sooner to stop the Assad gov'ts slaughter of the innocent civiliansbefore it got to the point where foreign fighters got involved, whether they belong to the groupHamas, the Republican Guard of Iran, or the jihadist's of Al-Queda. it is time that we stand upto not only all of the groups mentioned above but to Russia and China who just want to keep this war going, for China has shown itself to be a puppet of Russia and Russia just wants to sell weapons to Syria even though there is an international freeze on the sale of arms to Syria,so the least we should do is equipt the Syrian opposition with the items needed to be on a level playing field with the Assad regime that is being supplied with weapons from Russia andweapons and Military Personnel from Iran and Hamas who it has been reported to be trainingcivilians for military purpose's.

If they do get involved I'm going with them, "LONG LIVE  California U.S. Army National Guard!"Are you kidding me?  Stay out of there.  Every nation has the right to self-determination correct?  Let them determine their fate FOR THEMSELVES.

If Americans had thought War II was only a problem of Europe, we would have lived in a different world today.  It would be shameful to turn a blind eye to the great suffering of Syrian people, because we only cared about problems in this country.  Look into your conscience.

here we go again!!  ever thought that those running the show care little of those who pay for their war?  all in the name of freedom?  war is big business and the american people keep getting it up the yo yo.  just take him out with one of the drones and don't get any more involved.  oh, i forgot, there's oil out there somewhere.

Hey... USA military... we want to take away all your perks and reduce your income by acts like sequestration and tuition assistance being cancelled ... but YOU WILL go where we tell you to and put your life on the line .. because we said so.  And I say #$%$

Hey CIA and military establishment!  stop your stupidity!  We are broke; we are not the world police!  We need our resources to build up our economy and put our resources to use for Americans, not your #$%$!  Down with the military establishment!  Get lost!

As an American myself, I would like to post my opposition to escalating the violence in Syria. In addition, I would like to see the UN hold accountable the nations involved in arming, supplying, training, rebels as well as filling their ranks. These nations are responsible for the bloodshed as is Assad. This maniacal approach to escalation and destruction will plunge the world into a war where the use of WMD is common.

Here we go again. I am ready for another go round in the sand box.

Hopefully the Iranians, Russians and Chinese jump in on Assad's side before NATO jumps in on Al Qaeda's side. I mean "the rebels".  Don't want it getting out that the rebels are the same Al Qaeda pukes we are fighting everywhere else. Oh no. I just let it out of the bag again. I hope one of our leaders isn't reading this. He might get a clue.

In a yahoo article by reuters.."According to information coming from Damascus, a case of the use of chemical weapons by the armed opposition was recorded early in the morning of March 19 in Aleppo province" The Russian foreign ministry said in a statement.

If this is true then WORLD WAR III , is just around the corner, litterally. The US will be headed into a buzzsaw made up of the combined forces of Russia,China, Iran, North Korea and other assorted players. This is the final showdown, the last roundup, whatever you want to call it. If you don't have a fallout shelter to cower/hide in then I'm afraid that you are SCREWED.Hopefully the Iranians, Russians and Chinese jump in on Assad's side before NATO jumps in on Al Qaeda's side. I mean "the rebels".  Don't want it getting out that the rebels are the same Al Qaeda pukes we are fighting everywhere else. Oh no. I just let it out of the bag again. I hope one of our leaders isn't reading this. He might get a clue.

In a yahoo article by reuters.."According to information coming from Damascus, a case of the use of chemical weapons by the armed opposition was recorded early in the morning of March 19 in Aleppo province" The Russian foreign ministry said in a statement.

If this is true then WORLD WAR III , is just around the corner, litterally. The US will be headed into a buzzsaw made up of the combined forces of Russia,China, Iran, North Korea and other assorted players. This is the final showdown, the last roundup, whatever you want to call it. If you don't have a fallout shelter to cower/hide in then I'm afraid that you are SCREWED.

{"The Syrian situation continues to become worse and worse and worse — 70,000 killed, a million refugees pushed out of the country, probably 2.5 million internally displaced (people)," Stavridis said. "No end in sight to a vicious civil war."}-------that's because US, France and Britain are trying to topple a regime, they groomed and assembled for decades, by providing weaponry now to Al-Qaeda in Syria. STOP with invasions of these Countries and let them deal with their own problems.Adm. James Stavridis is living in f******* Narnia, has he been completely oblivious to disasters in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and Tunisia. Do something positive with your life MORON.

It says Al Qaeda used the chemical weapons…then it says we are going to turn the conflict around in favor of the CIA’s mercenary army consisting largely of al-Qaeda terrorists. It’s time to take to the streets to stop this chaos. Our country is broke and all they can think to do is destroy other countries.

Israel, our troops are standing by, awaiting your order for deployment.  God bless!

No Oil?? Not our business. Stay out. :)

war mongering amerikans are foaming at the mouth at this.spend another 8 billion on a war that you wont win- you #$%$ idiots.

I think it's time to bring Syria some US DEMOCRACY HOORAH!

NATO &amp; the West is once again conspiring to help their Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist operatives with one of their infamous "Bombs for Democracy &amp; Peace" by dropping bombs on churches, homes, schools, hospitals, stores, post offices, police stations, firehouses etcNATO &amp; the West is once again conspiring to help their Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist operatives with one of their infamous "Bombs for Democracy &amp; Peace" by dropping bombs on churches, homes, schools, hospitals, stores, post offices, police stations, firehouses etc

The top U.S. military commander in Europe said Tuesday that several NATO countries are working on contingency plans for possible military action to turn the two-year civil war in Syria into a ten-year regionwide war across the entire middle east.As soon as Washington heard this comment they recalled the commander to the United States so that he could be promoted to a secret organization in the Pentagon to prevent him from having the opportunity to elaborating on what he meant.

What are you guys talking about ,,everyone is interfering with Syria ,Turkey , Jordan, Israel, Saudi Arabia , katar, Egypt, USA , France , BritanThe people love syria ,, leave them alone..You cannot win I don't care what you do ,, there is no way on earth Assad will leave by forcethe people will do only ..And those people are educated and they know what they want ,,I don't care how many thugs you bring all of them are going to die..

A government is meant to protect it's citizen's, work for their betterment.Assad, the rat, is just keen in watching the cheese for himself. Yes the Syrians must rebel and European government must help to overturn Assad.Warning be also issued to the succeeding Government that they will face the same fate if they do not deliver.

Typical dumocraps. They are excellent when it comes to creating chaos in a foreign country and installing another dictator as their puppet. Obummer obviously roots for his muslim brethrens the FSA.

If they had hanged all the #$%$ back in 1945 instead of taking them to America and giving 100,000 of them new identities and jobs in the Military, Science and Intelligence you wouldn’t be having this conversation.What you see happening around the world and in America today is a carry on from 1945

If it were up to me, I would nuke the whole Middle East and make a sand box out of it.

The people say NO! Emphatically.What say the banksters?

"War atrocities"  Interesting term used.  I wonder if people think we perform "war atrocities"?  I wonder if OUR government would call revolutionaries "terrorists" just as the media blasts the Syrian government for doing.  Stay out of this mess.

Man #$%$ Yahoo! Erbodyelse gets to post their lil #$%$ comments but when I want to post somethin that makes perfect sense I'm #$%$ blocked by the adminis-hater. #$%$ u punk!"War atrocities"  Interesting term used.  I wonder if people think we perform "war atrocities"?  I wonder if OUR government would call revolutionaries "terrorists" just as the media blasts the Syrian government for doing.  Stay out of this mess.

Man #$%$ Yahoo! Erbodyelse gets to post their lil #$%$ comments but when I want to post somethin that makes perfect sense I'm #$%$ blocked by the adminis-hater. #$%$ u punk!

It's not a civil war if foreign countries are involved.  Does anyone see the problem here?  Anyone remember who we helped out in the 80's when they were being attacked by Russia in the Soviet-Afghan war?  Al Qaeda.  The world is tumultuous, serious problems exist everywhere every day.  When it comes to defending your own country, that's one thing, dabbling in other nations affairs has historically cost way too much.  It may be soon or years and years away, but eventually this kind of activity will lead any great nation to its demise.

Lead the way, King Oboma, with sword raised. We will follow you. lololol

Please quit adding more places to deploy my husband.  Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, and most recently Africa.  Enough is enough.  Keep him and all his armed brothers here where they belong, the USA!  Sure remove our troops out of Iraq, and hopefully soon Afghanistan, but add new places to the list.  Just great.

so .. cat's out of sock. We've been doing it from get go. It's time now to step up cose we are not winning. I'm having deja vu...

here we go again the big boys are shouting  "Assemble the Army"

Leave the Muslims alone!  After they have killed each other, they will turn their focus to the West!

Honestly why can't we just stand back and let them kill each other. How many of our men and women have to die for the cause of some blood thirsty nut jobs? Why do we even support these rebels? aren't they Jihardists themselves? have not learnt from Egypt and Libya?

This is a Syrian matter . Everyone else should mind their own affairs . Pax Tecum , Jack .With our top government and military minds on the case, what could possibly go wrong?

What's going on over there is terrible. 70,000 dead? 1,000,000 refugees? I realize we're spread thin, I'm a military officer. But as jacked up as we make this place out to be, many of us have lived a life 90% of the rest of the world dreams of. I would go...

stay the HELL out of it, why don't the people of that country fight, stop running to other places to hid out, don't ask our son's, daughters, fathers, mothers, family to go die for them, they can not even fight for thier owen country, they run, that is bull, it is time to worry about our owen country the U.S.A.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I know this phrase has been overused and is nothing new. But when did we get elected to police the world?

yeah yeah...same old story..wmd,nukes,now chemical weapons so you can bomb the country to rubble,control their oil &amp; then have your contractor friends &amp; companies rebuild syria...SAME OLD STORY

Weapons of mass destruction again! Is there anyone in the whole entire world still believe a single word of what the US or the NATO say about anyone. Lies, lies, lies, this is all what the US and NATO are able to produce since Bush started the slippery sloap. Read the book entitled (The Big Bamboozle) about how Bush, Cheney and the Saudi Government conspired to make 9-11. Philip Marshall the author of the book was conveniently found dead with his two teen aged children and their dog and it was conveniently a case of murder suicide YEAH sure all who dare to expose the NEW WORLD ORDER must end with a suicideor better like David Kelly the British expert of weapons of Mass destruction who assured everyone that there are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq prior to the invasion of Iraq and he said sarcastically (DO NOT BE SURPRISED IF YOU FIND ME IN THE WOODS DEAD). He was found in the woods dead (SUICIDE) Always convenient death to who dares to expose the lies!

Why in the hell can't this country just stay away from it all. You gotta just love our state department.

#$%$ B-stard Pentagon. 60,000 children later. You are PURE EVIL.

Interesting, as almost 90% of the American public supported going after Saddam Hussein.

This is only the beginning. Wait and see how the “Arab liberators” will later start killing each other for several more years to come and hundreds of thousands more will die.This is only the beginning. Wait and see how the “Arab liberators” will later start killing each other for several more years to come and hundreds of thousands more will die.

Good ol u s a at its best mr. Assad we love you sir we know the rebels are the terrorist.

Saudis will take control if they are left to it alone.  Saudis have 60 billion in US hardware Bush sold them.Assad will fall, so without NATO, it could end up being a free for all. It is up to Syrians to sort it all out, somehow.Short of Congressional approval, I do not want the US to have ground troops involved, at all.   Syria will be droned, it's the new dog of war.

It would be nice to hear news about Obamas plane having engine failure and crash in the pacific.

TO STOP THE BLOODSHED,Just get rid of the Stinking Rat Named Assad and Everything will be well for Syria..World Superpowers and civilized nations have the Moral Duty to make the world a better place for everybody not just watch in the sideline.If this is so, then, world leaders are Heartless.. PEACE should reign at all cost..

What a nice move by the CIA. Now we can send in our boys to assist the rebels and bring Assad to justice!

DEATH to all world leaders!!!

Arguably, Damascus is the oldest city in in the world. In that, it's been a continual city, longer than any other on earth. But, check this out, what will happen in the "last days." Isaiah 17 “See, Damascus will no longer be a city but will become a heap of ruins. 2 The cities of Aroer will be deserted and left to flocks, which will lie down, with no one to make them afraid. 3 The fortified city will disappear from Ephraim, and royal power from Damascus; the remnant of Aram will be like the glory of the Israelites,”declares the Lord Almighty.' " Just saying. Never in history, has Damascus been destroyed.

Boy, says dickie deferment chicken cheney and the bushies and the military industrial complex!  I have an idea, lets send all the neocons, bubba's, rednecks, racists, gunners and nra members to fight this one!

someone stiring the pot,so they can go in and put a puppet government in.what country isnext? first it was iraq,afganistan,egypt,libyia,now syria whos next on the list,iranBomb Syria off the map.

I can't wait, I love a good war.  Not much on TV these days.

another way of saying hey America,,you will be paying for another jewsih land grab

wipe that mother f Bashar  off the earth

when USA strikes.....it only gives you may be......may be...24 HRS....to pack and leave.......look at the recent histories......you dummmmmmp fudges

ppl dont understand......that USA is 10 times stronger than you can imagine......probably more...i am from australia.........DONT like war....but ...its on

this time USA will wipe it out and tell the world......who is in command......either you like it or not....not a big fan of this war..........but truth will be revealed .........sad

So were about to be drug into another one Wonder how the libs an dummers cheer squad will handel this if it happens? Proably like bengazi just try to hide everything an deni it ever happened

The days of America policing the world are over as Saddam invasion has bankrupted the treasury and Obama  is a soft #$%$.

But what about all the juicy military contracts these generals friends and or legislators associates would love to have.just send in the troops and watch the hallaburtons rake it in.War is cash people dieing is collateral damagePlease take an action, dont worry about $$ Saudi and Qatar will take care of this. What happening in Syrai is unthinkable, Alassad is slaughtering his people.LATE BETTER THAN NEVER

oh now another republican story of a wmd

Funny no one questioned when Busch wanted to go into Iraq but now Obama wants to go in with more evidence than what Busch had of WMD now everyone is saying no let's not go in. Wake up WE ARE THE WORLD POLICE, ALWAYS HAVE BEEN ALWAYS WILL...USA!

Please, God. Not again.

Is this garbage really what our men and women signed up for? To die for this?

What gives the U.S.A. the right to stick our noses in other countries business ?

Let the Muslims kill each other why should our boys and girls die for them I am praying they will stop fighting they are acking like kids

Let the chemicals do their job and save American lives Does any American really give a rats as# about these future terrorists. When our boys come back to Dover in boxes it will be to late for this argument.

And you think Russia is gonna stand there a look.

NATO=US.Just keep our ground forces out of that quick sand trap called the Middle East,When will we ever learn?"In late 2013, Nato finally sent troops to Syria. And as everyone in the civilian sector had guessed, we were there for five years before things began to settle down."

Isaiah 17:1The burden against Damascus. Behold, Damascus will cease from being a city,And it will be a ruinous heap.

US/world police. Here we go sticking our nose in someone else,s business. When are we going to invade? Will Obama use the weapons of mass destruction excuse to invade?? Fix America. There will always be wars in the Middle East/ Africa! Nuke these places and the rest of the world will be peaceful!! How did Iraq turn out??

Adm. James Stavridis states: "We are prepared if called upon to be engaged as we were in Libya,"  The question is, are we as Americans prepared for the same result as we've had in Libya?

AMERICAN will strike without giving warnings you idiots............may be we already struck...while i am typin this

to the whole world!!.......DONT play games with USA.......... she creates weapons and destroys when needed...

I don't feel its any of our business.  The military industrial complex looking to flex some muscle &amp; justify their budget.

So, Bush was right about the WMDs, only that they were not in Iraq but in Syria. Close enough I say. Time for a Coalition of the willing. We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud, right?

Yawn ....... so what?

GOD bless our troops and GOD bless our leaders.This is a troubled world and when true evil must be overcome, our nation has always met the call.When NATO,ann alliance of many nations is ready to act,we will be part of that effort by treaty.