they will have karzais's head on a platter a few days after we have pulled out...and that 2 faced pos has it coming. jmho

Interesting photograph, the honor guard is composed of Pakistani soldiers wearing Pakistan Army uniforms?

Let's review history, even just the recent history.  How many times has a negotiated peace with these Islamic terrorists held? Remember when Pakistan negotiated a peace deal with the Taliban and gave them a portion of the Swat valley, the Taliban then prompted expanded to within 100 miles of the Pakistani capital before Pakistan concluded they had to be stopped.  Similar experience in the Phillipines, and elsewhere.  When a faction has the goal to rule the world, they will take a piece, but only because that makes it that much easier to expand from that point.  Negotiation with terrorists never works, they only follow their laws and objectives, not yours.

Great.  Let them talk something out and get the hell out.  Our guys can stay home and hear on the news about who gets killed over there.

Bring American Soldiers home . Stay out of France Issues . Iran ,Egypt will do themselves in . Syria will be settledin 6 mos . Pakaistan leave them alone . Keep Base in Turkey , Diego Garcia  ,and two Aircraft carriers . No Foreign Aid to any of the Above... Protect the Usa ...

We've done enough to start an counter insurgency.  Let's just get out.

wonder if Karzi had decided to move to when we leave

i don't see hope for Afghanistan,after the pull out it will tumble back to chaos quicker than we can imagine.Learn from the past, ! Karzai himself is as trustworthy as a NY stockbroker and will be the first to turn.There is a bigger chance to turn the moon green than telling the Taliban what to do

The Taliban will move back into power within a year after we're gone...like a cancer that returns to an unwilling host.

why dont we just tell north korea that Kabul is now the 51st state. They can nuke it and we are done....poof!Taliban need to take a knife to Karzai the second he turns around

Not a surprise. Everyone in Afpak is a backstabber and no one better at it than Pakistanis.

Karzai has wasted 10 years while we were there giving him cover. We have wasted treasure and American blood for nothing. Anyone knows what will happen when we pull out, the Taliban will take over within 30 days. It's time to get our guys out of that place and let it go to he**. The Politicians, all of them, that put us in the place needs to then be prosecuted for reckless use of our tax payer money and kids. Enough is Enough already!!!

I am a veteran of the US military and I served with pride. I believed that what my President said was true. I was a young man. Forty years later I feel that I have suffered a great injustice from my Presidents in recent years. I know now that war is nothing more than people with egos trying to push a way of life on people who want nothing to do with it. Why must Americans continue to suffer and lose the trust of other countries we once had? Why has America become the police state we always fought against? Politics are evil and to have no say in when to stop has me concerned for the younger people of America. America still is the greatest Nation Under God in the world but the rules are changing daily.

Hell I thought they said we were having secret talks with the Taliban or helping them so we could keep  the war going, which side do I believe?  Oh yeah none of them.

he has no option but to negotiate - american intervention and withdrawal has left a well experienced battle hardened taliban that will unleash its campaign on the subcontinent

yaaaaaaaawn

Thanks for the U.S. checks OBAMA I know your proud of us NOW. Send More,Salaam

I'm sure Obama will send a few hundred million for them to work this out.

Karzi just wants to keep funneling US money into his own pockets.The opposition just play with fire.  Taliban will work with them to gain foot hold back in the country then Taliban will push them out and take over.  This is the game of the might, not the right.

your holy text is for wiping my butt.

Knowing that Karzai is a lame duck and soon to be an exiled lame duck, we should have been talking to the opposition a long time ago.

they need more american money so they can buy chineese weapons.

afghanistan is a country that even the pigs don't want to wallow in......

Haven't heard much about poppies and the opium trade. any stats?

AP has posted a wrong picture. It is not Kabul. In the picture Hekmatyar is seen in Islamabad when he visited Pakistan as Prime Minister.

So what is news about this ? Karzai has let the Taliban run his country throughout his entire regime, He even had Bin Laden personally guarded by the laegest millitary academy in his country and in other countries where he hid him ouut for years. Karzai will take money from as many sides that will pay him and just lie about anything and everything. This man is nothing but a hustler for a buck and owes allegence to no one.

It is no longer our headache. Let the goat raping P akistanis deal with their own created terrorists. Let them kill each other.

The United States of America, Nato, and others in the Middle East should be on guardand be prepared for a Post Karzai Afganistan! This scoundrel, has betrayed the effortand sacrifice of American lives and blood spilled in Afganistan over the past years.It is totally insane to have Afgan soldiers to kill American military personel. Karzaiis an ungrateful pig that very soon shall be "toppelled" and be replaced! His replacementcannot be an extremist! If so then the deaths of 2000-plus Americans in Afganistanhave been for naught!i dont think that is afghan soldiers it looks like #$%$ soldiers ,double check your source ,,who ever posted the picture ,,thanks

Criminals talking to criminals.

Karzai is going to be ushered out of the country as soon as America leaves. Then the Taliban will drive in from Pakistan and we will see the exact same thing that happened during the nineties. Only God can save the people of Afghanistan. American Military veterans for quick pullout!

Taliban needs to check out_____bubida____to get stress reliefs.....So are all of you guys.

Making peace with Taliban... right.