If they do it once and get away with it they will do it till it's gone, then what.

Socialist finally ran out of money. Now going to raid the savings.

An insight into what happens when the money runs out! Still think entitlement reform isn't needed over here?

No way to win...Obama and the Dems will devalue the dollar with the printing press or take it like Cyprus...

Obama and The "Progressives" are frantically taking notes...They thought printing money out of thin air was the only way to destroy the USA...

How many more nations in Europe have to be ripped off before you understandthe EU is a Failure?!

What's wrong? Don't you people love the IMF and the EU's plan to take what is not theirs?

If you Love America and wish it to remain solvent, demand a balanced budget.

Money is the fastest way to get people to do something.

White House press secretary Jay Carney declined to comment on Cyprus' savings grab. "We're obviously monitoring the situation right now," Carney said.-----Waiting to see if they get away with it...Cyprus was never a target.  I have read enough news today and yesterday to realize that the real target was the Russian depositors.  Russian citizens and corporations are the largest depositors in Cyprus.  It is true that some of the shady characters over the years (e.g. mafia) have been customers.  However, some of the European news makers today and yesterday characterized billions of dollars in legitimate deposit as potentially illegal.This action can only be interpreted one way - retaliation against Russia for the EU/Russian Gas deal where the Russian were able to negotiate much better terms with the EU.  Another EU target - Great Britain.  I believe that the British citizens and the companies are the second largest group of depositors in Cyprus, including the military personnel.  Merkel and Barosso are having a difficult time with the UK over the EU membership, etc.On the top of that the currency war between the UK, the EU, and China, Russia, and India.The bailout is just a smoke screen.  I don't understand why this story is not a headline news on every channel in the U.S.

What the ...! If this thing goes through, people are going to take their money out of banks and stuff them in mattresses.

Redistribution of "your" wealth is what they meant..

Carny says they are monitoring the situation.  And if all goes well BO will pull the same #$%$ here.

So they know that a big chunk of the money in these banks is laundered and held by the Russians (mafia?). Why not prove it's illegally gained money and confiscate that money instead grabbing regular citizens?

Coming soon to a State near you.Remember a couple of years back when they were floating the idea of "Nationalizing" 401ks and IRAs to help make Social Security solvent?

I would like to know the dollar (or Euro) amounts that were withdrawn last few weeks ahead of this tyrannical money grab.  It is my opinion that the amount is higher than usual and is due to government insiders, bankers, and wealthy individuals with insider knowledge protecting their cash while, as usual, the working class stiffs get robbed.  At some point rebellion rightly will ensue.

No suprise that they disarmed the people of Cyprus before taking their money...

I can't count how many times I've been told 'taxation is not theft, it is the price we pay for civilization'. No, if it's not being spent on protecting our rights, it's theft.

If there's not a run on banks in the Eurozone, there should be.I heard rumors when Clinton was in that they considered nationalizing  IRA's &amp; 401k's  and giving you a small pension from this money &amp; of course BLOWING the money like the govt does. Bush Jr spent worse than a dUmocRAT ehen he was in  OWEBOZO has spent MORE in 4 years than the Bushes &amp; Clinton did in ALL their years.

Those Million € ($) plus payments to executives that have lost Billions of € ($) for the banks and financial institutions they work for have to come from somewhere.  Here in the US it comes from tax payers as their retirement coffers are raided; In Europe it looks like it's coming from those that have savings.Now if I remember correctly that's happening over there because social programs, and exceedingly generous workday environments, bankrupted their gross national product ability long ago.Over here Government Waste and some ill thought-out social programs have the potential for doing the same thing to us; that is cause the government to consider raiding individual savings to pay for their mistakes.Let us hope we don't get that far

The problem with socalism is eventually you run out of someone elses money.

This is a great way for President Obama to fulfill his fondest dream of "taxing the rich".It would not affect poor people because they don't have any money in the bank anyhow, Thus avoiding riots.This would be "golden' for President Obama.Only problem might be is the banks will get #$%$ because they count on your money to make money, -- cheap can it get for them to use your money by giving you a whole whopping 40 cents for every $100 you give them as oppossed to paying the Fed 3%? to borrow from them( except for the free money they got on the bail out)

The Bankers and the IMF are running rampant around the world.  Are they trying to start a revolution?  I can't understand why they are doing this to such a small country like Cyprus?  Don't they think that savers in other countries are not going to notice this precedence?

It is time for all citizens to get to the banks and pull their savings out and let the banks go under once and for all.

Coming to America?Its already here.do your research.Transaction tax asset tax coming to a district near you.You go liberals drag us down to third world status soeveryone can go fishing while waiting on their checks.IMHO

Gee! the EU is taking lessons from the U.S. now?.

So who's next? Spain, Italy or Portugal?

If anyone has for one minute ever doubted that we have a socialist in chief all one needs to know is that Obama has not profusely condemned this act of government confiscation of personal property.They have no right to steal a private individual's savings at all, no matter the size of deposits on hold in the bank. This is outright theft and I hope they lynch the bankers and politicians even suggesting such a thing.

This is what's coming to a city/state near you! The government can only give out so much free stuff until there's no money left. Of course, the dead beats don't care, they haven't been paying for anything the whole time anyway. As long as they get their free health care for the families they had but couldn't afford, they keep their mouths/eyes/ears shut.

Founder of the IMF had this to say; "By a continuing process of inflation, governmentscan confiscate, secretly and unobserved, an important part of the wealth of their citizens ...There is no subtler, no surer means of overturning the existing basis of society than to debauch the currency. The process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose." (John Maynard Keynes) You were already warned and didn't listen..

I guarantee the politicians and wealthy in Cyprus have already pulled their money out and will stick it to the  general population -as usual.

This is EuroSocialsm that Obama and the Democrats would like to see in the USA...Hope and Change right on schedule...

You can bet Obamalosi wet their panties trying to figure out if they could get away with it here

This is not a good situation as some other politicians* might think this is a great idea.                  *see Pelosi, Reid and Obama

This is outright theft!

If a bank stole my money, this bank would be paying dearly.

If Switzerland did the same thing, I wonder how may American's would be tripping over themselves to get their money back to the good-ole USA?   Tax Havens are starting to look like easy pray it seems.Make politicians across the globe return the money they stole.Every nation's economy on the globe will be back in the black!

America this is your future under the tax and spend Democrat regime in power today. Our only hope is to vote out the Democrats in Congress in 2014 so that America does not wind up as a poverty-stricken, third world country.Even the 51 percent of voters who voted to keep their government checks, Obama phones and food stamps coming have a vested interest. If the government goes broke your checks go away and most of you do not have the skills to find a paying job. In a communist or socialist country the educated are the elite "haves" and uneducated are the enslaved "have nots." That is why the military is so large in communist and socalist countries: (1) to enslave the masses and (2) to provide jobs for the undereducated.Deficit spending and federal debt are threatening to cause Americans to become government SLAVES.

another progressive liberal grand plan. Yeah buddy it is.

If you don't think Obama wouldn't do this if he thought they could get away with it YOU BETTER WAKE UP.

This is where liberalism takes you.

Coming to the USA soon.Say good buy to saving and investiments.

break out the pitchforks and torches!

Oh Dear Lord!  Now Obama will want to copy the other Socialists!  Time for the run on banks.  Guess I'm burying my worthless American currency in the back yard.  Can't win, Obama either makes the dollar worthless by inflating and running the printing presses 24/7 or he raids our lifetime savings accounts and helps himself to more Obama-bucks.  It's my money. I worked for it.   I Built my business whether Obama disagrees.  I have been a good taxpayer up to now, but the temptation is to become a Democrat and just cheat like they do.

Some people will stop using banks now. This will depress capital investment. The economy will suffer. All to bail out a government that overspends. I hope we learn a lesson about big government from this. I don't think we will, but I'll continue to hope.

When you sell yourself away, you put yourself in a vulnerable position.  Is this the world you want for your children... socialism is not the answer.A lot of that money is Russian mob profits, and very dirty. Human traffiking (sic)?, drugs and extortion. Taking money like that is scary though.

The EU now holds the record for the BIGGEST bank robbery in the world!WANTED DEAD OR ALIVE!

And this is how the fight GOT started.Wait till the Arabs to go for theirs and it's not there, all hell will break loose!

This will be a headline in the New York Times for American savers within the next 10-15 years if we do not reduce the debt and annual deficit.

I love how the right wing nuts are on here blaming "socialism" for the actions taken.  I would hardly called the CENTRAL BANKS that dreamed up this bailout as socialists.  You idiots just get dumber and dumber.  Thanks for putting your mendacity on display, "no more".As for europe, that's what you get for swallowing the "euro".  How so many got duped into dumping their nations currency for a pipe dream dreamed up by the CROOKED BANKERS, I'll never know.  First, kill all the bankers.

Another reason why the Dems/Obama want our firearms. They could not get away with doing this if we have a 2nd amendment.

If they want to tax savers, they should also tax borrowers to be fair using the same yardstick.  Savers did not cause financial crisis.  See the real revolt if all borrowers including mortgage loan borrowers are taxed based on the outstanding balance at the cutoff date.

Here is how they do this!(Comments apply to the internationally recognized Greek portion of the island) Cyprus has strict gun control. Private citizens are completely forbidden from owning handguns and rifles in any calber, even .22 rimfire. Only shotguns are allowed, and these require a license. Shotguns are limited to two rounds. The only shotguns typically sold in stores are double-barreled side-by-sides or over-unders. Pump actions and semiautomatics are prohibited. A private citizen can own a total of ten different shotguns. A citizen is not required to specify a reason for ownership to obtain a license, but most own their guns for hunting. Licenses are issued by provincial police. A gun license is required to buy ammunition, and ammunition sales are recorded. A shotgun owner may purchase up to 250 shells at one time. Cyprus also controls airguns, and airgun owners require a license.[25]This explains it all!!!

I'll just say that this afternoon in Cocentaina, (Alicante), Spain, I went to three bank ATMs to get some Euros--just in case.  One machine's screen message said "unattended and to try another," #2 had a blank screen, and #3 said "Halted, manual reset necessary." Could be a coincidence, but  I'm wondering if we are looking at a run on banks Tuesday in Spain and Italy as depositors wonder if they will face the same fate as the Cypriots when the ECB bails out banks in those two countries.  Of course in Cyprus the reaction of an isolated island nation is more like "Horton hears a Who," but try this levy #$%$ on the Spaniards and/or Italians and you have rebellion and violence in the streets.

''''''''Still, the government has a battle to get a majority in the 56-member Parliament after some 25 lawmakers from COMMUNIST AKEL, SOCIALIST EDEK and the GREEN PARTY said they would vote down the levy that they have criticized as disastrous. """""--If you look carefully at this quote from the article, I think you'll see why the country is so screwed up! Eventually, you run out of other peoples money!well, I guess the progressive liberal diease is finally a cancer  on the world. I guess the tax scams are not working?

May be that is the reason the US Government is buying bullets by the billionsThey are buying armored vehicles?" for use on emergencies"? IT IS NOT FICTION .They don't have the right, somebody said. They have the might, and also they want to take the weapons of the civilians. as in dictatorships

I wonder, do the citizens own firearms??

Does anybody remember the trail balloon that was floated about taking peoples 401K accounts in exchange for government bonds? Wake up people, don't think that couldn't happen here with the socialist/commies we have in both parties!!!!!!!!!!!

And the stupidity of the "Brussels Eurocrats and the IMF" continues...

Could this be a trial balloon or a dress rehearsal by the Obama administration?  Oh, no, they would never think of anything like this.

please europe go shot and get rid of all your elitist socialist  pigs that cause the problems, are in control of the IMF and you know their bank accounts where protected.  do as france did with their king

I bet their government wouldn't do that if the people there had the right to bear arms

This type of thing could happen in America too. Especially since the president doesn't believe we have a debt crises and wants to continue to spend spend spend.

The Euro is a failed attempt to compete against the US dollar. The Euro is on life support and has maybe another 5 yrs at best......But the Cypriots were TOLD that greed was good!  You mean to tell me they are now being told that they will have to PAY for the economic mistakes of their country?  Tsk! Tsk!

obama is taking notes

The depression of the 1930's brought about the rise of autocratic dictators around the world.  German had Adolf Hitler, Italy had Benito Mussolini, and the U.S. had Franklin D. Roosevelt.

We're next.

I don't have to worry, I can't afford to have any money in a savings account!

To understand this, read The Daily Ticker 's "Why the Cyprus Bail In Is a Bigger Deal Than You Think."  It's very frightening how this decision could affect you.

Why the outrage?The outright seizing  of peoples'  savings and checking by the government  is no differentthan taxes,  new taxes, new government agencies or  price inflation that simply  leads to higher taxes.It's no different whatsoever.  No different.A tax hike or creation of a new tax or new government agency is the same as government going into your checking or savings account and helping themselves to your money.  No different.

Coming to a country near you.  SOON.

The banking system in Cyprus will still collapse.  As soon as the government takes what it wants, people will take whatever they have left out of the banks asap.

Don't give the democrats any ideas.If you do it once, you can do it again.

The EU has undermined its credibility in a big way.

This is a perfect example of how Socialism works.Welfare States / Socialism always fail. At some point their are more in the cart than pulling it.The problem with Socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money. Margaret Thatcher

the action of cyprus gov sounds a bit brazen but the central bankers all over the world are cheating their citizens with low interest rates while the inflation is eating up the savings of the average citizens.these central bankers are nothing but big thieves behind big disguises.

I am curious why people do not think that could happen here, I bet in Cyprus they never thought that could happen there.  Italy and Greece will be next.  At some point with socialism you just run out of enough wealthy people to pay for everything.

Amazing. These people love entitlements and vote for socialist leaders, then they complain when those same leaders take their money.

The U.S. constitution does not allow the government to deprive a citizen of life, liberty, and property without due process of law. Simply raiding a citizen's bank account and taking his or her money is a violation of the due process clause of the constitution.

Some folks cheered when the GOP Deregulated Wall Street.  Others didn't.

Socialists don't actually believe that the money individuals make belongs to the individual that earned it. Nope, all the money belongs to "The Collective". Ripe for the taking whenever they "need" it. Here's just one example.

It’s happening right now, right here, in the Good-Ol USA.  What's the difference between that Gov stealing depositor’s money and what the US government is doing to the Federal workforce? Federal employees are getting hit with a 20% reduction in their pay over the next 6 months for what???? To pay for the Feds sending money oversees, or blowing it on waste, or paying for an unpopular wars? We can’t apply for unemployment to cover the loss because we technically still have a job. An extra job won’t work; who is going to hire someone who can only work one day a week for 6 months?get your money out of banks americans / chit rolls down hill.

If the playing field were a level one, the value of the Euro would be nada!

I wonder if those who approved this theft could be prosecuted for plain old regular felony bank robbery.  What is the difference if someone goes into the bank with a gun and what happened here?

WTH !!

The gov't can't use their money for they have none. It's the taxpayers money that they pocket for their own benefit. The US is watching so they can see how it is done.  The RFID chip is scheduled for the end of the month. Don't see that on the news either. RFID chip could be way to pay for everything.  It's making its way...

Our Debt in the US is Different than theirs.  Half out debt is the Bush 12 year Tax Cut; 1/4 the Debt  because of the two Bush unfunded Wars and most of the rest is ending the Bush Recession that cost over eleven Million Jobs, and then Bailing out the Banks after the GOP deregulated Wall St.

were next!!!

This will cure the revenue problem in America, find registered republicans and take their money, problem solved. It was stolen money anyway.

Here's another idea...Are credit card companies not actually banks?  Why don't we raid their credit accounts and instead of reducing every citizen's bank account, reduce their credit card balance.

Hey obaminites pay attention, this is where your beloved dicktator is taking our country!just leave the bloody bank to collapse ...what's the problem ?  If they had bad management is their fault and their problem ...give the money back to people .

So this banking crisis in Cypress is in no way related to the 2008 world economic meltdown, which had a lot less to do with socialism and a lot more to do with good old greed?

It would be better to let Cyprus fail and go bankrupt than to go after peoples money in the banks. This action is going to cause other people in other parts of the Euro zone to pull their money out of their banks. They are going to cause a hugh problem over a little insignificant country.

Better to invest in AR-15 assault rifles than bank accounts, you're going to need them when the Government comes knocking on your door demanding to see your latest bank statement. J.W. Simms.

Obama doesn't care about deficits, such an action is more likely to be promoted by the GOP to help their banking buddies!

if eurogroup are smart enough they must realise the stubididy of their desition

If Owebama decides to seize our savings well he can go right ahead. He can have my $5 minimum deposit that keeps my savings account active.