I wonder why he turned himself in....

I was hoping it was Joseph Kony...

Trial in the morning and death by firing squad after a very brief lunch break.

How can they tell who is fighting who and  for what over there? Talk about a giant cluster.  The whole country is a cluster. At least General Butt Naked was entertaining.

That photo with the toothy, red-bereted guy in the foreground begs for a caption. What's yours?

give him nothing

lived in an upscale villa ????upscale as in ....?

How do you pronounce Ntaganda?

SEALS were on his butt.

He has some info we will trade for bigger fish. Always think covert ops.Come on now, you know he cut a deal... he's just gonna do it again.

I wish Obama would turn himself in.

a brain and a bullet. why waste time and money. send these animals to hell.

.22 long rifle hollow point in the ear, feed to the sows. end of story.

I guess he chose jail instead of death.

looks like the black eyed peas minus that mudshark fergie .

Snappy uniforms cover a multitude of sins.

I see he's really repentant. That grin he's got on would put the moon to shame.

Looks like someone who actually scared him at one point in time, has a bullet with his name on it now.  Otherwise why would you relieve yourself of a widely known "untouchable" status?

I am amazed obama and holder are not giving him millions of our dollars, hiding him and supplying weapons. Wait, maybe there wasn't going to be a trial and he can't hide from the drones anymore.Orcah needs to interview him to see when his 'AH HA' moment was.

Maybe he wants a trial.

Isn't Bosco a chocolate flavoring for milk?

He seems to be tired and wants to take a rest in jail for his safety

He could come to America and star in a rap video

Colonel Ntaganga did worst things things than Kony...All ur madia wants u to see is kony..hes the poorest of the poorest of all rebel leaders i have known and encountered.while real thugs like Ntaganga were enjoying Villas full of champagne, gorgeous women, ur $100 bills loaded in shipping containers&amp;playing tenis, kony was feeding on cacuses and green bananas...get it rite people..

we will probably make him  a us ctizen give a anual high six figure retirement for his coooperation against other rebel leaders

Somehow, you never think of Warlords being named...."Bosco".

Too bad it's not Obama turning himself in for crimes against middle class America!

Bosco did an honorable and brave thing. His surrender should be accorded respect, and they shold be kind when they put two behind his left ear.The man knew his days were counted and had nowhere to hide.. .hahaha....

Do you civilians know that there is a unified command called "AFRICOM".  It will be the conduit through which a supply of American logistics will go to the "dark continent" to build an image that they're in the same century with the rest of us.

Putting INFANT back in Infantry

Didn't see holder there