"The best way to find out about a man's character is to give him power" . . . Abraham Lincoln

Farming contracts out to "placement services" run by friends and relatives is standardpractice for the OVERPAID, CORRUPT  trash running government programs andinvestment arms for pensions.  LUCRATIVE, LUCRATIVE, and little chance of anyany real prosecution.  What a surprise!  Right.

Coming to a state near or around you:  FRAUD.  So many states are victim to this, and the DOJ will only get to a few of them.  And that will take years.

Oh....and this comes as a suprise?.....

fear not, has money in a off shore account, do a couple of years..to protect the politicians

Now where were these two going to hide the money they embezzled...Mexico?

Wait...what? I thought California was run by upstanding democrats?

Greed

Both part of a criminal enterprise that is and always has been corrupt.

This is a great example of how the Democrats in Sacramento are 'fighting for the middle class.'The man is a Democrat Hispanic who stole a few million , What?

It's beginning to look like there are no state democrat governments that aren't corrupt.

It's too bad the U.S. does not follow the lead of China and execute investment managers who steal their clients' money.

California is home of the liberal mindset to spend other people's money.    What did you expect?

And why is he not in jail ?

Our federal and state governments are next for their 'ponzi pension plans'.

Union pension funds are ponzi schemes, and when the number receiving the payouts outnumber the ones paying in...guess what?

Funny that there is no mention of the fact that BOTH of these guys were Democrat bundlers who donated and collected millions for Democrats.  Just like Bernie Madoff, the uninformed are just going to assume that they're Republicans.  BUT THEY ARE ALL DEMOCRATS!!

But heaven forbid if they invest in a gun manufacturer.That just wouldn't be ethical.

Give them a QUICK FAIR trial with no delays and limited appeals and then impose twice the maximum penalty for the crimes they are found guilty of and do not put them in country club federal prisons but in the most primitve faciiity avaialble.Make an example of these low lifes.NOW....If they would only go after that CROOKED, WIERD Democratic Legislature, and Round Up ALL of those Lobbyists in California............Clean House!

Really??? Who would have guessed that someone would commit fraud in a public pension fund??? Amazing!!!!!!!!!!! I am shocked!!!!!!!!

In Fact...If, the Feds are "kicking those Illegals Loose"; then, By Golly....Start Intensive Investigations of ALL 50 State Legislatures, and then Imprison those Thieves, Liars, Hugger Muggers, Flim Flam Artists and straight Con Artists.....We can feel Very Good about locking these Crooks up for 15 years to Life!!!!!!

the whole public employees pension program is fraud

Corruption in the union hierarchy? Whowouldathunkit?

$14 bil in fees?I wanna see their documented expense account.   Should read like a story book and begin with, "Once upon a time...."   LOL

Sounds a lot like the Teamsters and AFL unions' schemes that organized crime were so well known for in the past.

They're probably both worth millions already...greed, greed, greed!  You can never have too much, can you?

nation is being run by a bunch of used car salesmen.... lips moving = lying. we need a huge spring cleaning in all govt agencies...huge

Yet  the gov will come in and zap that money fsater from you than any #$%$ can do.You mean they haven't got enough to  buy themselves out of a conviction ? Or is the deal yet to come?

Governor Jerry "Moonbeam" Brown is concerned that two of his fellow Democrats are "horning in" on his scam scenario!

and this is just the tip of the ice berg..........

NO surprise, anything &amp; anyone involved in the state of CA government is corrupt.  Unfortunately I live in this state, still, but not forever.

The higher up you are on the corporate ladder the more you can steal.These people never seem to have enough money. These guys are well educated.Education does not guarantee honesty.

See that picture of the Calpers Bldg, Transparent... and all stair cases,halls and lobby's.  I stress the lobby's

Hey, a big fish. Yummy. Let's get some more. The people are hungry for justice. Serve it up.

They all receive or perform #$%$.

So now the mafia and Mexican drug cartels are running state pension funds?

sounds like the wall street gang doing business as usual.What, two top execs of a public employee union pension plan trying to commit fraud.  I can't believe it!

Not only cal., but all over the USA. These political crooks are feasting off the poor. The only justice, will come from GOD. Some of you people are to stupid to realize you are being used all because of your stupidity

This is just the tip of a GIANT Financial Iceberg !Its a total #$%$/headache, when one set of THIEVES out wits the other set of thieves.The derivative Casino  BANKERS stole what ultimately,the UNION gangsters/CONSULTANTS STEAL,the PENSION funds !

You can't trust anything or anyone ....when it comes to money...

Take all his stuff and leave him and his family with NOTHING. Sleep outside NOTHING.

We can only hope that they stashed most of their ill-gotten gains in a bank in Cyprus, LOL.

WAIT - There WILL BE MORE ! These R only the 1st two - there is SOOO much mis-appropriation that has gone under UNDER COVER with the CAL-PERS system -

Federal Prosecutors will go after anyone, including Martha Stewart, but refuses to bring any charges against the Big Banks, Wall Street or the financial industry. I suppose they saw CalPers as a "liberal" expression of capitalism which they did not like so they have targeted it. Lose a Billion, accept fraudulently issued mortgages, case an economic Depression - that's all just in a day's work for Jaime Dimon and the rest of the criminal cabal that controls our economic system.

Time after time after time...here are two more big time latino crooks.  Latinos have NO morals or standards.  They all need to be deported to save America.  If not gang members, welfare, food stamps, etc then they are super sheisters.  Jail em all and then deport them.

CROOKS with their grimy little hands in the Cookie Jar?....naw...common..sa y it ain't so ..Joe14 million dollars please send me and the SEC 1.2 million and do 90 days at CLUB FED and all is forgiven.  Who says crime does not pay.If you send me the 1.2 i'll do 90 days for you

FRAUD and CORRUPTION seems to run RAMPANT in America. WHY is THIS?!! Injustice and GREED comes to mind.

Mexifornia, the most corrupt state in America.

Ah yes. Ca . The land of the corrupt liberals

Keep voting democrat, they think everything belongs to them without working for it. Pension funds, all the money collected for taxes, stimulus money, free lunches, food stamps, section A, Acorn, Planned Parenthood and many other gimmiks belong to them. California is overloaded with them.

Yeah, it was only a couple of billion - the judge will probably give them probation.   Standthem in front of their building and shot them - put it on reality T.V. - then this will stop and it is the only ANSWER TO THE CRIMINALS this government allows to steal and get away with it (for a fee)     Let me manage the retirement funds for congress and sorry excuses for judges we have in this country,    the best money can buy,

Try Detroit, Chicago, Philly, New Jersey for more fraud.

White collar crime pays....the FBI concluded that 80% of sub prime fraud was committed by the lenders, and where has that gone ? Nowhere. While working in corrections, 120 inmates per housing unit,  most were in for drugs, not one for a white collar crime, and this CEO will get a little fine, maybe community service and will end up on his feet in another CEO position. What CEO's are about and what they do is the proof of how our free market is fixed.

The one silver lining in this is that one day, soon, California will be bankrupt and there will be NOTHING left to tax short of confiscation of private property and these parasitic employees, from court clerks to teachers to policemen, will have to renegotiate their pensions AFTER retirement. Couldn’t happen to a nicer bunch.

Thanks to these morons, new rules and regulations have passed which cost us more money for the government to monitor....Gotchaa!!

Corruption is in the Latino blood.

Fraud is the number one problem in the USA , Greed comes in second. When they get caught they just slap their hand.They need to take everything away from these corrupt jerks. Put them in prison and throw away the key.

Took just one GOP governor to replace the person who did an excellent job for many years at the helm with a friend who was able to pretty much loose half of the value of the portfolio.Typical GOP politics. Nepotism at the expense of everyone else.

Is it me or are these the same stories every day with different names?

lol...latino's commiting crimes...say it ain't so

Huh... interesting that these two have an Hispanic surname.  I wonder if they're in my country legally?  Hey, I was born and raised on the Coast of California.  I've seen it time and again where illegals are put in positions of trust and power and they steal from the very hand that feeds them...

Allow me to digress, Would you give the keys to your Boeing 747 to your drunken second cousin to fly around in for 4 years. NO? Then why pray tell did you elect an illegal alien Czar to the white house? TWICE!!!  jwstx

You have to watch out for these Latino Dogs fleecing the government and society at ALL levels.

Work at state school as an instructor and CALPERS is our retirement funds. Saving money under the mattress has now become an option.They just come here for the American Dream and to make a better life for themselves and their families.  They are criminals when they illegally cross the border and it goes downhill from there.  This is what happens when our leaders pay more attention to the UN and their left wing commissions than they do to what is best for the American people.  Welcome to the worlds newest third world country thanks to unenforced borders and a socialist president.

Typical liberal shysters and that's all the idiots in CA deserve... they should check Jerry Brown's fridge

Follow the money trail right back to the politicians.

.....in the making another exciting episode of: AMERICAN GREED

comrade obama can use a man like this at the treasury dept. or he can run the democratic party he would fit right in

Those must have been really great letters to be worth $14 million!

No plea bargain!

we are waiting for an explanation on this one, naaaaaaaaaaaancy paaaaaaaaaaaaalosi! that goes for berry omamie as well. he's an hispanic, stick up for him.

You don't betray a trust that is given to you

What percentage of either party, Democrat or Republican, are upstanding examples of leadership for this nation.? My guess would be Democrat 5% and Republican 15% .I fear Upstanding Politician is nothing more than an oxymoron. At any rate I am sure most of them are simply morons. Would you give the keys to your Boeing 747 to your drunken second cousin to fly around in for 4 years. NO? They why pray tell did you elect an illegal alien Czar to the white house.  jwstxIf anyone can understand what was done by whom and why by reading this convoluted article, they are better than I am. The author either can't think clearly or can't write clearly or both.

Barbeque, Shish Kabob and deep fry all corrupt government TRAITORS.

California florida new york and washington dc should remove themselves from the united states and become there own countries,,

Are "Placement Agents" the people that carry the bribes to public officials?

When are they going to indict Obama for his fraud scheme on the American people???

Gotta start setting some examples.And I don't mean life in prison!

Pension fund and hedge fund managers like Apollo Global are inherently corrupt. The lack of oversight by employees and elected officials is appalling. The system will only work well if and when common folk take a vested interest and hold management (in this case managers) accountable. Trust is something earned which evidently is something Mr Buenrostro and Villalobos failed miserably.

You know looks like anything coming out of Ca is either completly stupid/illegal/morally wrong ! Why is this a surprise ?  Not to mention the " Hollywood clowns"  Money just is to much for these type of idiot !

and democrats claim to be so honest.....trust us just vote for it.........

He'll get less hard time than Lindsay.Si'

And the Morons on the right would have us trust corporations and corporate policies, Guess they do not understand that its the people at the top of these corporations that make policy.What do you want to wager that a conviction would mean a vacation at some "Club Fed Country Club".

Throw the book at them; seize their personal assets, etc.  It's about time that people pay for their malfeasance.  Similarly, Apollo should be barred from any future business with the state or its related agencies.

and what about all the Bankers and hedge funds which fleeced Calpers?Alfred is just a scape goat.  The Bankers make 1,000 times more.

You don't mess around with Public Employee Union money.udda wize uz endz up in da Sacramenta Delta sum wherez!!

Who didn't he pay-off?  They are all crooks and in someone's pocket.  Just like Martha Stewart, a payment was missed.