Its a little late to be setting the standards unless everybody wants to live under ground :)

Rules are for people that cherish life, those that cherish death for themselves, as well as all others, don't care about rules.

how naive to think your enemies will play war by "RULES"!!!!

Now this is rich! Now that we are not the only kids on the block with deadly "remote control airplanes", someone in D.C. is wanting to establish guidelines to their operation! Now, will other operators have to ask for our permission before they will be allowed to utilize these drones to strike at American citizens who are considered a threat another nations national security...or will they simply apply the motto "tis easier to beg forgiveness than to ask permission" like the U.S. has in other countries.

I opposed the Bush wars and now I oppose Obama's war mongering.  Some wars are worth fighting but these are not defensive wars...they are wars of "choice".

This guy is a real piece of work, now that he can't be the "Big Bully" with drones he wants to change the rules so he can't get hurt.

obama has been seeking 'Global' rules for many things. What's next: Food and Freedom?

Nobel Peace Prize winner??? BULL SCHITT!!!!!!!!

When I have the drones NO RULES! Now you have drone we need rules....HA ha ha...DREAM ON.

That's rich coming from a man who authorizes the killing of his own citizens without trial.

so what is going to be the reaction when china flies one over one of our allies and kills someone they don't like?   obama has been using these things all over the place and now wants to make rules about it. typical of that whole damn hypocritical bunch.Who is he to tell the rest of the world how to use their drones?..lol. He doesn't ask 'permission' when he bombs villages around the world.

LOL! This president rails against George Bush for using water-boarding, but then expands the use of drones to flat out kill people! His hypocrisy is deeper than I have ever witnessed!

The Nobel peace prize winner :)

Drones make it easy to circumvent due process. This is not a right or left issue,this is a Patriot Act issue. To many doors were opened that need to be slammed shut and none of our elected officials are addressing this. Why? It gives them more power. Get out the pens and paper ladies and gents.

He is not trying to establish global rules for cruise missile, he is trying to win global domination.

Typical oweblameo - give the UN the information before you share it with Congress.

Big corporations in bed with government; central banking system with total control of the money supply; insurmountable debt; taxes on every move we make; the police state growing by the day; the bill of rights all but completely dismantled; executive power dictating which of his own citizens live or die.... I think we can forget the term "socialism", now. We have officially entered into fascism.

If we cannot tell if drones are "ours" or from a foreign source, can we then just shoot 'em down and find out who they belonged to later??

Why does this country always give away its technology to other countries to be used against us?

Question: If Obama had his choice,would he beA)  dictatorB) emporerC) kingThe use of drone warfare should be just as frightening, if not more, than nuclear annihilation for the ordinary citizen.

Who in the world voted for Obama, every comment on my computer has negative info about him.  I didn't vote for him and hope we live through the next 3 yrs 9 mo.  Community Organizer running the country, that is a joke.

&lt;--Getting Beat at his own game and crying "Foul"

Looks like the kid at the playground isn't the only one with new toys......

drone strikes are not only wrong, they are illegal, according to the rules of engagement, for the simple fact is that Obama has killed more civilians and other non combatants than actual terrorists, Obama should be tried and convicted of murder in the first degree

And this clown got a Nobel Peace Prize

would someone please get the impeachment started!!!!!

a world with drones spying or killing people is no kind of world at all

# 1 I can fly over your country &amp; smoke one of your leaders, but you can't fly over my country &amp; smoke one of mine..# 2. You can't use drones to smoke a leader when visiting another country.# 3. You can't use drones to take out foreign embassy's.# 4. You cannot use drones to level Presidential palaces.# 5 You can not use drones to take out Presidential vehicles.# 6 You cannot use drones to target authorities in crowded areas# 7. HA HA HA HA HA .

I can have guns &amp; use them anyway I see fit,but you can't!Other countries will use the US procedures as a template for their own.  And that scares Obama because he knows how unjust US procedures have been....

He does what he wants, now wants to set some rules.  Sounds like how he is running America.  Remember this, when Obama, Reed, Pelosi and the rest of the liberals have totally screwed up America, they will retire and ride off into the sunset with their millions, like the people they now claim to hate, well they say they don't like just to get votes from the less informed and you will not be able to touch them or hold them accountable for what they will have done.  Still waiting for him to fix the world, in-between golf, parties and trips.

Rules? This Ain't Monopoly.

HE NOW WANTS TO PLAY GOD WITH DRONES.

Oh no he's shaking his finger @ the whole world!.......More trouble.

America needs real leadership again. Before it is too late.

This administration has not followed the rules of our own nation, what makes him think that he can force another country to follow his rules?

Ask Cruz and Paul if they think that ANY president should have the right to send drones to kill American citizens on American soil or even decide who is considered an enemy combatant and see if it takes them 3 days to answer.

The U.S. wants rules on drones now that the possibility is being raised that they might be used in the future on U.S. citizens or troops.

Obammy the killer makes you ashamed to be a USA citizen.Hey obama,How many drones are you going to give the muslim countries,to use on us?

He wants    to give other groups like the UN power over us. Worst president ever.

BULL!!! Can you imagine if George Bush had done this?!!! HE WOULD HAVE BEEN IMPEACHED!!! Killing Americans without due process is against our Constitution...end of story. The government is being setup to rule!!!!! they are taking away our 2nd amendment more and more everyday...people better wake the f up!!!

If anyone sees a drone, shoot it down immediately. Its 1984, return to 1776.

YOU ARE ONE STUPID MOTHER OBAMA!!! America wake up, Again another dagger in our heart by the Globalists!!!

And this says it all.  When the US was the only ones with drones, sure, we can strike anyone we want with impunity because nobody can strike back.  But now that other nations have them, hang on a minute, we need some rules on who you can strike here!  Now put this against Obama's fight against the Second Amendment.  Right now we're all armed, so the feds don't run roughshod over the citizenry.  Considering how willing Obama was to use drones when he was the only one who had them, how willing would Obama be to use force against US citizens if the government was the only ones who are armed?

I'll say it again...the FIRST time a drone is used against an American Citizen on U.S. soil will be the opening salvo of a new "French revolution"...American style.

HAHAHA! This guy's nothing but a joke. He didn't think he would be the only person to use these did he? This guy's been whipping the constitution with his #$%$...

Being a Frick'n hypocrite doesn't seem to bother Obama nor his Faithful Flock and the Liberally biased Media who continue to carry his water .

And the title for worse President goes to...................drone murders : yes....waterboarding: no......... liberals are sure hypocritical

IMPEACH, IMPEACH , IMPEACH

America is becoming weaker, China is becoming stronger. They have a powerful manufacturing base on which we are dependent they can unite unlike America which is a smorgasbord of different languages and cultures. Their drone program is catching up to ours at a fast pace while our youth degenerates overindulges in pop culture and ipad game apps.

Just more evidence to me that the cloaked government, which is being run by the globalist, is leaking out our classified technological advantages to the world! Their goal is to  create and cause chaos in the world to bring about their master plan of global dominance! America you better wake up, you’re being lead by fools!!! Who voted for this idiot any ways!!!

Need to fly a drone up Obama's (A)ss all the way to Kenya.

Thou shalt not kill

Obama is a Hack! If he lived in the 1800s he would be hanged for dealing guns to the Indians! Now US citizens are the Indians the Government want to disarm and defeat! And if Government can disarm us we will be defeated like the Indians were in the 1800s - the holocaust of Great Power Hitler used as his Model,,And the same Model the US Government is using on its citizens today! Obama is a criminal universal Terrorist very demented,very Power Hungry,and in a position of Power-very dangerous to the World and World Peace! Our Government was not set up to bully other countries or become involved in their internal conflits any more then it was set up as a freelance Military Force to Murder and plunder like the Wild Bunch of the old west! But thats what our Government is,and we are paying them protection money(now called taxes) just like payed out of fear to the Wild Bunch! There has never been a instance of an Organization,Government,Good, or Bad,,If gained the size and Power to do so,,Did not become a Tyrant of Tyranny and force upon others! Our Government was never spose to have involvement in the Privet Sector or be allowed to become big enough to do so! Thats why we have State Governments and Represenatives,,To maintain a Smal Federal Government to protect our Boarders from illegal invasion, Maintain a Military in case of invasion, and carry out the will of the Majority of citizens! And a State Government with Represenatives to Represent the will of the people and keep the Power in the hands of the people so the different rules for different classes Tyranny of past Governments" that drove the creation of a free America" could not happen again! With the US Government being a Power Hungry War Monger for Profit,,Gun Control of its citizens is the first step after sending them to die in War for Profit,,To the Total End of Freedom and Criminal Transformation of Government!  Obama is a US Traitor,, A World Criminal,,and a would be Dictator! A Leader to Marxism to say the least! The US Government uses the term: "Human Rights", to justify everything that has nothing to do with Human Rights,and commit the Opposite of Humanity through War and Tyranny! The US Government is the biggest Terrorist Organization on the Planet and now it is Headed by a Moslem Terrorist so calculating as to end Regional Terrorism by taking out Ben Laden and creating a Global Terrorism Network active and supported around the World !  Obama is the comming of Hell for all !!!

Sounds like lies and more lies to me. Now the real cover-up comes!!!!!!!!

LOL!!!! So now that other countries are making drones Obama wants some Drone Rules? Good luck with that 2 faced Barry, especially since you have been ordering drones to spy on the rest of the world for several years now.

Will one of those rules forbid killing your own citizens?The first drone to fly over my property is going to get a torrent of bullets from one of the weapons the government tried to confiscate.

I'm gonna fly a remote control airplane over my neighbor's house just to mess with them.

Replace OBAMA with Bush in the article and the liberals would be going nuts.

Obama the usurper is at it again.

These drone strikes have killed countles innocent men woman and children.

Hey George!! Was that a 2005 or 2006 Chevy Pickup?Walt, I think it was a 2005 Dodge!OOOPS! LOL  I think I just took out the wrong one!It's ok George!! Obama said it was!Maybe I'll get a "ninetendo medal" now!Are you sure you want them patroling the skies over your city?

It is so obvious his aim is for world dictator and to forget the laws of the USA.

Information is coming out that the survivors of Bengazi Libya attack are scared to come forward, because they have been told not to say anything........OBAMA YOU SUCK!!!!

Don't complain obama,,,you were the very one who used the drone to a new level...now that other countries, don't cry that they are wrong, its obama's own fault..when one throes the first punch, don' be surprise to get one in return....deal with it obama and realize your own mistakes.,, which are many.

The old saying goes: " If anything CAN be abused, it will be" is an excellent reason NOT to allow drones to be used within the United States.Under Obama`s rulings, he has turned the USA into a terrorist state and we are bound to have a repercussion of some sort!You can`t go, into some other Countries airspace and bomb what you want at any time!That should be a deceleration of war, same as bombing the Country and almost as he Governs the World!The balloon has to burst sooner or later!

''The Messiah, seems to have feet of clay.''

As always, there's only ONE person responsible enough to have drones without any oversight...........Obama. Too bad he thinks that way about EVERYTHING........

Isn't this guy responsible for anything?

Rise of the machines!  I foresee another arms race coming in the very near future regarding counter drone operations.

obama doesn't know what he is doing with drones or anything else he isn't a leader he is a follower of the polls he can't actually pick a side on anything,because his opinion changes like the wind direstion

I'm beyond being embarrassed for the guy. Now I just laugh at him with the rest of the world.

When you read stories like this, you ask yourself, where is America’s Great patriots? We are being lead by fools, because Obama is no George Washington,not even close to Abraham Lincoln, he’s not even worthy to be the goo under their shoe’s!  A great American, Ezra Taft Benson once said, “Our Heavenly Father raised up the men who founded this government, fulfilling the prophecy of His Beloved Son, that the people should be established in this land as a free people. May we be worthy of the freedoms that have been provided to us by our founding fathers in our Constitution, and equal to the trials and tests that shall surely come. We truly have special and individual responsibilities to befriend and to defend that “glorious standard,” our Constitution.”

China won't need to follow any NEW guidelines to go after her own people, they just have to follow Obamas example

In War there are no rulesOnly Games have rules.It’s Official, America is being lead by stupid’s, it’s not Mr. President any more, its President stupid!!! Am I the only one here that is angry to hear that we have given another major edge,  a major military technology to the world—that it can now be turned around and used against us!!!! Can’t we ever keep an upper hand in anything!!!! We are being sold out, and President stupid wants to set up rules for drone use throughout the world….YOU ARE ONE STUPID MOTHER OBAMA!!! America wake up, Again a dagger in our heart by the Globalists!!!

&lt;--He WinsYou Lose

The Administration recognizes "we are establishing standards others nations may follow" you idiots in the white house really believe other nations care what you think about anything.

Obama  brings home drones from Afghanistan to use on US soil tracking American citizens

So let me get this straight; Herr Obama wants a monopoly on the ability to kill citizens of his own country without due process?  History would show that he is but another in a long line of closet dictators that will do anything to create his "perfect" society.  Careful what they wish for boys and girls because there is a thin easily erasable line between a law abiding citizen and a target of opportunity!

ahh the tyrant still trying to take over the world. was a pos

Obama is an arrogant, anti-american, muslim loving piece of trash!  Total disgrace to this country.

Can anyone say "SKYNET"!?

The Democrats were livid over waterboarding but seem to have no problem with Obama killing anyone he wants without due proscess.

Drones with dirty bombs coming to a city near you! Just wait in a few years we will have to be concerned with that to.Isn't it IRONIC that Democrats demanded President Bush be removed from office for suggesting that the Executive Branch had the authority to scan e-mails of suspected terrorists , but now have NO problem with President Obama's Administration claiming the same branch has the authority to KILL suspected AMERICAN terrorists via drone strikes ?.......

I look at the photo they are using here of Obama standing behind that podium, and all I can think is how wrong it looks, how out of place!!!!!

BO wanted to use the drones against his own citizens until Rand Paul called him out on it. Now he's caught.

High unemployment, stalled economy, worthless dollar, record gov't debt, record number of people on welfare, Iran and North Korea with nukes, etc, etc. These are the new obama "norms".

Impeach him, he's a damn embarassment

Are there drones attacking other drones yet?

Its about to get very interesting :)

I see another 'cold war' with the 'military industrial compelx' eager to start.If this happens I'm buying more stock in Lockheed and General Atomics.Hey, it's not my war it's Obama's war.

Time to ban weaponized drones?  How do you enforce that?  Make using weaponized drones crimes against humanity and put the leaders on a country on trial if used?  Lots of luck on that!  Mind you drones - we all can own them.  Just look at the latest radio control toys you can buy these days.  Absolutely amazing.  If you build micro models, sizing up to make single strike devices can't be that hard or far off.

Welcome to a world where a bomb can be dropped on your house because you might be a terrorist.Will Obama get another nobel peace prize for regulating drone strikes?

The headline is one letter off, drop the 's'.      "Obama seeks global rule"....He is truly a Legend in his own mind..

The recent shootings sounds like the 'Fast and the Furious' Scandal for Americans: first with adults in theaters, malls and places of worship, but that did not work as well as letting innocent children die in this so-called gun free zones. It is too convinent to their motives so they can springboard in disarming us period.More children are killed and emotionally scarred in 'gun-free' cities like Washington D.C., Chicago, and Detriot.  This is a tragedy; but, so is the continued disrespect and destruction of the Bill of Rights that lead to the disarmament of victims and failure of protection of children.“We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.” - Ronald Reagan"I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery." - Thomas JeffersonLook up operation "Northwoods" a sixties plan for the US government to kill and maim, to blame it on the Cubans, Its a current military plan, They are going to carry out these type of attacks and blame it﻿ on YOU, so they can disarm YOU. Gulf of Tonken was, on record "made up" to bring the US into a war in vietnam killing 52000 innocent Americans.Disarming populations has resulted in the worst massacres in history:1911 – Turkey disarmed its citizens, and between 1915 – 1917 they murdered 1.5 million Armenians.1929 – Russia disarmed its citizens, and between 1929 – 1953 they murdered 20 million Russians.1935 – China disarmed its citizens, and between 1948 – 1952 they murdered 20 million Chinese.1938 – Germany disarmed its citizens, and between 1939 – 1945 they murdered 16 million Jews."This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration. Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future!" - Adolph Hitler, 1935, on The Weapons Act of Nazi Germany."Among the many misdeeds of British rule in India, history will look upon the Act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest." - Mohandas Gandhi1956 – Cambodia disarmed its citizens, and between 1975 – 1977 they murdered 1 million Educated people.1964 – Guatemala disarmed its citizens, and between 1964 – 1981 they murdered 100,000 Mayan Indians.1970 – Uganda disarmed its citizens, and between 1971 – 1979 they murdered 300,000 Christians.

"While the Obama administration moves toward refinement and transparency of standards"Why would he start with any transparency now? He claimed there would be transparency when he became presidentandTHAT never happened.

You cant uninvent the drone anymore than you can uninvent the gun. These guy has his wire's crossed.

Oh God!  Four more years of this DOPE!!!!!

If you still support obama, you are either uninformed or very sick.

Paybacks going to be a b#$ch. Does this dork really think anybodies listening to whathe says?Drones are easily transportable, not very detectable and can used by anyoneto deliver anything within our borders. Have fun closing the box Pandorobama.

We are going to NEED Assault Style Rifles with large capacity magazines -to shoot Drones down...

The other aspect of using drones is that the explosive charge is derived from the Mk 82 bomb, and has a 50% casualty radius of 200 ft, which means there can easily bee "collateral damage"  (innocents bystanders killed).  While this is downplayed by the USA there are credible claims that 10's if not 100's of innocents have been killed.I'm sure glad Obama was a Nobel Peace Prize winner, cause George Bush was crucified for "water boarding" during interogations, while Obama forgoes the interrogations and just goes straight to the killing, no questions adked.  Unfortunately, innocents are being killed also.I have no objection to the use of armed drones used overseas to eliminate legitimate enemy targets. I am very concerned with their possible misuse here over US soil. A protocol, policy and procedure, for any deployment of government drones in American air space needs to be clearly defined and made public. "Big Brother" is getting too big for his britches. That goes for any private contractor using drones retained by the US Government as well. No loopholes, just the truth.

can't kill americans without due process no matter what country they are in at the time. not that complicated a law. obama has violated it.

Obam is a first class Tweeker. He would make a good Libya Ambassador.

No Administration has been less up front with the American People than Obamas'. Big assist to the worthless liberal media.

Who is selling us out!!!Why isn’t fearless leader Obama Asking this very same question!!! Why do our top technologies always get out to the world!!! Some eternal entity is working against America isn’t it!!!! Whoever voted for Obama need to relinquish their voting cards!

Obozo on drone use and human rights..."it is okay to kill your own citizens as long as I can prove without a shread of evidence that I don't like them and I say it is okay"

Where are all the other country's posts flipping off Obama.

Now we want rules to drones?

Under Obama, drone strikes against U.S. citizens is perfectly acceptable, but progressives and some in the international community are still whining how they want Bush/Cheney/Rumsfeld prosecuted for not being polite enough when interrogating known foreign terrorists who helped orchestrate the 9/11 attacks. Just wondering if/when progressives are going to reintroduce the word 'hypocrite', back into their vocabulary and dictionaries.

Oh, NOW American politicians want rules about drone use -- now that they no longer have a monopoly on them! How convenient. Maybe they're worried that foreigners (not necessarily foreign nations) just might use them against the American ruling class. Wouldn't that be a shame?It's a weapon not a quarterback.Will these rules apply to all aircraft.I think we already have all the rules in place.

America wants to be "FAIR" well guess what our enemies dont play by the same rules we do. All they see when they see a American is a enemy. We are not as hard to identify as they are.

is now openly seeking to influence global guidelines.... America needs to stop this and look after her own. What gives one country the right to dictate world policy? This is a one way street to world domination and that IS a BAD thing

it's not fun when the victims become the Predators.

Now that the American Public are on the great O-Bamma being able to order drone strikes against them. . . . . now he wants rules!  Insert mad Vincent Price laugh here. Hahaaaahaha

obama wants "rules" on drones now! What a joke.This POS thinks he knows whats best for everyone.He's nothing more than an aspiring dictator, if the bum get all that he wants the government, run solely by obama, will control every aspect of our lives.Totalitarian rule of not only the US but the world is his goal.

Obama never had much Global credibility in the first place and now he has none at all. Our drone strikes have reportedly killed hundreds (which means the actual count is much higher) of innocent people in his thirst for destruction so now that others are on the verge of the same technology, he wants to prevent them from acting as recklessly as he did without so much as an apology for his own actions. Where are his liberal minions now and why aren't they railing against his war-mongering like they would if he were a Republican?

A Dangerous precedence has been set by this Ignorant Obama!!!!

Oh, so now the other guys are going to have them Barry wants there to be rules - too late buddy, you already set the agenda.

Must be all worried about PAY BACK time I guess, well good luck with the rules that no one will play by.obama is inlove with power

What is President Finger Pointing Back Slapping Give Me Your Money up to now?

As an Obama Drone Target (formerly known as a US citizen), I applaud any effort to reign in the Terror (formerly known as the US government).

The CIA recently tried a new drone program that hunted down home grown terrorists. When they launched the drone, it headed straight for the Oval Office. Luckily Bummer was plaing golf in Hawaii.

Obooboo's committed to explaining to the Congress and people "as much as possible"...read that as "I did not have sex with that woman".

Like the rest of the world givesaflyingfuck what obama says.. He just never stops making an #$%$ out of himself and the media helping him do it.. Remember you heard it here here first on obama/communist/socialist news..

From Owebama down, his entire administration is filled with drones.

In Pakistan, where the U.S. military is not in ground combat, the Obama administration would probably not want drone strikes to appear as being conducted by the military.Hmmm....well, who would they make it "appear" did it?

One look this is not good.

Obama was so busy trying to freak us out, that he forgot about China. Maybe he realizes, he needs to lay off of us, and think about the safety and security of the US.If Bush would have been talking drones over America, the Dems and the left would have gone completely bonkers. Now their Dream boy is talking the same thing and they say nothing. Does the phrase "Make me want to puke" ring a bell? This is all you need to know about the left and the Democrats. Don't worry about your freedom because it will be safe under the Democrats and they would never do anything to undermine America. And bears don't #$%$ in the woods.

I had a remote control airplane when i was a kid. Now it would not take much to make it a weapon? obama you are opening a whole can of worms. We have no more privacy and thats (Bull(S)hit.

He's going forward with his 'ONE World Rule' order...just watch and see!

...the government  better understand that they are perpretrating on the American people and expect defense from them to be reasonable and prudent..............

Drones should be used a military uses only. there should be no difference with them and say sending a tank in after a target. Anything else just brings up a huge mess. And this is what folows. If they had the ability to send one in on the Ex cop in the cabin they would have. You can't go around using them as remore control assassination machines. Theres a mountain side with 20 armed rebels that have high ground on your forces, then send one in. But the ability to send one in after A target is wrong. If thats the case just send in a rocket and clean up the stragglers.  Overkill yes, but its not viewed to be unethical. Heck just pull troops back/out and fly drones around 24hrs a day and have them just wipe the enemy out. Make sure to have self distruct files loaded into them from now on though.

What would obammy know about rules???  He'll do damn well as he pleases, and you all know that!

Where are the democrats on the drone issue? That terrible Bush water boarding prisoners for information versus Obama blowing up people just because??? Wait til we have a friendly drone strike right here in the USA in your neighborhood just because???

one thing is a fact, if Pres. Obama went on live TV and tore up the Constitutuion, used drones to bomb The republican nat'l headquarters, built gas chambers  to eliminate all billionaires and millionaires, there would probably still be at least 30-40% if the american public bowing at this man's feet....

UT OHhhh ....Others have guns too.

I think im developing cancer, every time I hear or see Obama, I get a pain in my head!!!!You may complain about military spending but here's another example of other use for military development. Law enforcement, border patrol, search and rescue, mineral exploration and a whole lot of other things I can't even think of yet.

What is that flying over my back yard???    coming to a town near you.....Democraps hard at work....hows them jobs ?   Benghazzi still under  ohbamas carpet?   And hey,,,,,Our vets should have TSA jobs....You have the wrong people watching our airports

War Criminal.

Oboma misrepresents himself on the increase in oil and gas production, why would we expect him to do different in the case of the drones?

"While the Obama administration moves toward refinement and TRANSPARENCY of standards,(drone strikes)........"How about setting some TRANSPARENCY standards that all Americans see as PROMISED 5 years ago. To date, the only transparency from Obama is many of our ability to see through him as to what he really is- conceited self centered obnoxious XXX.Certainly not a nice way to refer to a President of the USA but in this case what we have here is a 3 PERSON SINGULAR INDIVIDUAL- ME/MYSELF/"I".SELDOM IF EVER DO YOU HEAR HIM STATE "WE".According to the election results we have to endure 4 more years, my hope is that the UNITED STATES of AMERICA do likewise without long term lasting damage.I would like to stay alive for another 12 years to be able to celebrate the USA's 250th anniversary as I also celebrated he 200th.Changes were required all the way back to day 1 for America, but we have moved so far towards socialism that I'm not certain if I want to be around for AMERICAs 250th when I'm 77.

There are ways to get your very own personal drone now.....RC flying at its' worst. Just watcn.

"Drone Adoption"?  I didn't know any of them were orphans.

Next, he'll give the UN all the say so on who and when to kill anywhere in the world. We all know obama can't handle any responsibility. Hell, he couldn't-wouldn't even take Panetta’s calls of Americans being murdered at 4pm in Libya.

obama refuses to waterboard but he has no issues blowing someone up along with their wife and kids and friends........

How much of the tax payer dollars does obama spend on his personal food tester?Makes me wonder just who is in charge in tne Obama admin., and who makes the final decision who to assassinate with a drone strike.  liberals complained that Cheney ran the Bush WH; so just who runs the Obama admin?

God forbid a drone strike hits the white house. That would really be bad!

Obama and Drones fit well together. Obama and his Useful Idiots and Lemmings.

who ever live's by the drone dies by the drone. Our President was the first to kill with a drone. 4,700 people a lot of them American Adults and Children.

this world shouldn't last much longer

Rules ? Obama has no rules. His policies (and answers) change every week.

Ultimately you have to give more credence to Obama's Anti Constitution, Socialist actions than to most of the words he speaks, he is a Disgrace to the U.S.A.

What did he get the peace prize for?

Basically, Obama's in favor of HIM using secret drone strikes.

Did any one notice how the drone technology that we got from Israel began to spread throughout the world when Iran first shot one down? Did Obama go in to get it or destroy it, of course not. The thought never crossed his mind or anyone's in his administration, why, because we don't want to aggravate Iran and Obama wanted the technology spread throughout the world. Just like China hacking military computers over and over again. What has Obama done about it, nothing. Now China has everything or so the military says so I guess there is no need to hurry any more is there.Seek global rules? translation: I may be the most incompetant and destructive president in the history of the US, but I want to be in control of everything!

Typical of the pig, Obama. He only wants rules when the game may be less stacked in his favor. He is the biggest liar by far that this country has ever had as a President. He cares only for himself and the rest of the world is not important. I can't believe that the people of this country are so stupid that they elected this jerk. Makes you wonder about the election doesn't it?

Didn't... he win a Nobel Peace prize?

Obummer=155 pounds of krap in a 5 pound bag.

2 brainsuckers landed. One on Bummer's head, one on Biden's. Bummer's starved to death. Biden's committed suicide.

Ain't that peachy? All those years when no one else had drones, he didn't care about rules. Now that other countries have them, he wants to impose rules to govern their use? Rules of war? War has no rules.

So now Obama thinks he is king of the world?

not so funny when there might be a possibility of another country targeting you as an enemy.. obama has this notion going through his mind right now and trying to make himself exempt to this himself...

So now Barry is afraid he may witness a drone strike first-hand? Time to change the rules! Wonder how well radar works in picking these things up?

Now Obama wants to create rules for others to follow while he thinks he can kill americans on American soil,lol typical obama double standardsSays the man who broke all the rules first.

International community? HA!

Can they send drones to the US to rid suspected terrorists of their own?

If you read between the lines on what Obama is saying, it sounds like he is trying to push for a world takeover.

U.S. was the first to develop and use atomic bombs and the first to use killing drones.  And now, it wants to regulate the drone on its enemies?!  Perhaps U.S. should consider the consequences before using these weapons.

Because of his drone policies, across the world, president Obama is the most hated president in history.

If the president of the US can kill anybody he calls a terrorist, what if the president of Russia calls the president of the US a terrorist? Now THAT'S irony!

If the american people wanted a dictator they could have chosen one a lot better then obama.

the king, savior has spoken, when are people going to wake up and see that this man is not only crazy he wants to rule the world and all those in it and has ruin this nation and is making the poor poorer and the rich poor and then we will all be controlled by the government and what it says, dictatorship and all is on its way.  this president will go down in history as the undoing of America and the fools that voted for him will go down hill with him taking us all along by the chain.   Americans have reason to be afraid and upset ...hope some get the courage to impeach him or somehow bring him down. the rest of the world is laughing at us.

Maybe its safer than just a good old assaniation from a sniper, but it's just as bad and due to get worse. What happens when its a US citizen that gets killed while a different country is using a reaper style craft to get a target they want and they get a US person as collateral.What king Obama. You nervous some other tin pot ruler is going to declare you an enemy combatant and send a drone looking for you? Wouldn't that be ironic.

In other words, "If I'm the only one that has them, it's OK, if someone else has them, they need to be regulated or controlled."Kind of like gun control, no?

Are you kidding me??The others will not even bother to ask for permission to wipeout another country.or person there inIt will be a mechancical mistake an opps.Someone out there always has to have one up on you.Faster plane,bigger bombs.what have you,it will not end well at all for anyone.

So when will Congress get wise and start Impeachment hearings?

I hate to tell you Obama-smoochers that the truth about Obama ain't pretty.  One of these days the truth will come out on Obama and when it does, you Obama-smoochers will want to crawl under a table and hide.

Next up, robot infantrymen......

This guy Obama is amazing, a real usted car salesman

Again we see the best Community Organizer is still the worst President we've ever elected.

George Bush, Queen Elizabeth, and Putin all die and go to hell.While there, they spy a red phone and ask what the phone is for.The devil tells them it is for calling back to Earth.Putin asks to call Russia and talks for 5 minutes.   When he is finishedthe devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check.Next Queen Elizabeth calls England and talks for 30 minutes.When she is finished the devil informs her that the cost is 6 million dollars,so she writes him a check.Finally George Bush gets his turn and talks for 4 hours.When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is $5.00.When Putin hears this he goes ballistic and asks the devil why Bush got to call the USA so cheaply.The devil smiles and replies, "Since Obama took over, the country has gone to hell,so it's a local call."

This was soon coming anyways. It doesn't require a rocket scientist to think soon we would be waging wars against drones from our enemies.he wants the commie run un to tell us what to do.    follow the constitutuion fool

The next war will be fought with Xbox's .

Really Mr. Obama?? Rules?? No you have really lost it!!

Liberals are a danger to mankind; their blo-bama silence is definitely not golden.

Obama was afraid to tell us his drone policy; it had to be forced into the open, and was probably not the original policy.But he wants to tell others nations what kind of policy to have.What a shrill.

Why worry about drones, N Kores, Iran, with nukes, Russa flys bomber loaded with nuke bomb around Guam we don't even know it. Where was that story? We don't say anything about it? Russia building up Nukes we want to unload ours WHATS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE?

So what are all the FEMA camps, the 2400 armored vehicles for Homeland Security, and vast stockpiles of gov't ammo all about.  What are the theories.  I cannot figure it out.

Don't worry  President Obama  will only  send drones  to invade  your  privacy  if  you  don't like him  or  are  some  wacko  hater  wishing to  do  harm to  fellow  US citizens  like McVeigh.

Obama created some really bad precedence with his drone policy, putting the smoke back in the bottle isn't going to be easy.

Drone Defense: use a fake address...obama's still pushing for America to be under U.N. rule - it started with him talking about having the U.N. ban certain types of weapont - now drones.One step at a time, people, and before we know it, we WILL have a constitution that is null and void because he will have us under U.N. laws. Think it can't happen? Watch closely as he pulls it off. His whole agenda from day one has been CHANGE AMERICA.

Rule 1, disarm your citizens.Rule 2, who cares, it's not like anyone can tell us something.

They think they can wash their hands by using drones for war crimes.

America is/was always a formidable super power....never probable to be destroyed from anywhere but within.  I think we are watching the days of clown politics where our elected officials are more concerned about re-election rather than the good of America....think carefully about who you vote for...absolute power corrupts absolutely.

So, how long until a Drone has a Nervous Brake down.......

Soon we're going to be telling other countries that they cant have drones while we fly ours spying on them.

I loathe the president.

for a nobel peace prize winner, he sure likes killing people doesn't he?(and keeping it secret)

so our government is worried about  a foreign drone schitting on a house in your neighborhood.  we have used drones to rain terror on the poor people of other lands and now we need to make some rules before they return the favor?

the only country to ever use a nuke,now the first country to use drones.yes now that other countries have them we need a global set of rules, well it was a good run while it lasted now its time for rules.just wait next thing we know the terrorist we have been targeting well get their hands on some then what will they follow the rules?who plays by the "rules" if there is such a thing anymore concerning warfare?

"..Obama seeks global rules..". LMAO .... of course he does, he's nothing more than a puppet for the 'One World Order' planners. Aware of 'Agenda 21'? No? Then you better make yourself aware of it. After all, why do you think they need to strip citizens of guns?

Obama's proposal is that countries only use drones against their own people.  You know, like what he is doing.

His next secret program will involve flying saucers... So he can scare the #$%$ out of people with them... claiming we are being invaded by aliens.....and we need to raise taxes to fight them....

Fear of communism and islam and north korea and illegal immigration and drug cartels has created a paranoia so pervasive we want drones taking pictures overhead and if necessary carrying weapons.

The Commander in Chief, judge, jury, and executioner is now ready to make the 'world' rules of engagement for the use of drones.  It's OK!  He's a Democrat, and he has personal experience flying drones into your country/neighborhood all the time.

if this was a republican president with his own personal kill list with no court oversight, the dems would be SCREAMING BLOODY MURDER... why are they silent now?  Hypocrisy?

i still cant believe this is the president of the united states. what a coward. he absolutely does not want to get his hands dirty at all costs, just at the cost of the real american taxpayer. this kind of thinking is disillusionment at its worst. the other half that voted for this idiot got exactly what they wanted. unfortunately we all will atone for his recklessness, and ignorance.

Hey, Obama it was fun while it lasted. Being on offense is a great feeling wasn't it? What does it feel like going on defense? Oh, yes please play by my rules.

The war criminal with a peace prize. What a messed up world....Obama, The Master of DECEIT.“I promise 100% transparency in my administration.”

Maybe the Chinese will target Obama and his family. Its nice when your dropping drones on someone else who doesn't shoot back! Obama is scared now because he never thought of anyone catching up. He's trying to run America into the ground!

I hope a drone blows the hell out of obama

'As drone monopoly frays, Obama seeks global rules'Oh!  NOW he wants rules!  Probably afraid some other country is contemplating putting a missile up his backside!

barry lies.

You idiot Obama, you started the drone war and now you realize drones could be a dream weapon of other countries and terrorists. Now you want to approach the international community and ask for rules? Tell us all how that one works out imbecile.

This way Obama can skip the waterboarding where he has to actually face someone. He can just kill someone with no questions, no ID.

" .. "People say what's going to happen when the Chinese and the Russians get this technology ? .."They will have secret policies like Obama has.

One of the Obama administration's goals is to "regularize" the drone program, making it more a part of accepted U.S. practice in the future, Lewis said. "This is going to be part of warfare."//You wonder why we are going soooo far in debt, now you know what Obama is focusing on. He wants total order , he is a control freak.

Maybe he should tell china to adopt our constitution.It doesn't seem to hinder him.Friggin' hysterical... progressives and the international community/U.N. wanted Bush/Cheney/Rumsfeld brought up on charges for tactics far less extreme than Obama's, but since Obama's ramped up and rubber stamped the practice of drone attacks, the mainstream media's now coined it 'the new normal' and no one's paying attention to the U.N. anymore. Maybe with the next administration the media will go back to doing their jobs of reporting, instead of being little more than a wing of the president's administration/election committee.

Greg...you have no clue as to what the Tea Party stands for. They beleive in the Constitution of the United States.

Maybe a country that is friendly to the U.S. can do us a favor, and drone Obama.

If Obama starts armed drones over US soil, the people are going to shoot them down

Isn't this the same way we played it after dropping two nukes on Japan

I'm sorry, this might sting a little, but Obama is a complete idiot.The good news is, in less than 4 years Obama will never, ever be able to be the President of this great nation again.Hopefully we will elect a limited government, freedom loving, capitalism promoting, patriotic cheering President that will constantly be touting the greatness of our nation and inspiring people to be free and do great things free from government interference.God Bless America.

Gawd, how I wish we had real leaders that didn't have a hand shoved in their back making their lips move and wires on them to make them move for the rich

Take away his Nobel prize unless he campaigns for peace instead of drone policies.

Let's see what is on the menu today for the Middle east, drone with gas....nnnnnnoooo..........drone with silencer.....yyyyyyyyeah....ok.....click.......drone with HE.........yyyyyyes........click.........mmmmm ok drone with .........

Don't drone me, bro!Our Kenyan Socialite should be charged with Treason and removed from Office.Four Years of Failures.

Stop killing.

Bad guys play by their own rules.

Since his own people are disgusted with his policies he turns to foreigners who will back his bs. Guess that is why he is a dictator from hell.

Drones arn't going away they are just beginning to come into being a staple warfare weapon.Keeping the tech a secrete as is a must. Taking the C.I.A. out of the equation and handing them over to the military is stupidity as the military has as many leaks as the polish navy. As for setting standards and guid lines for their use I say keep them out of our skys all together with our borders being the only exception, and only allow them to be used where we are in military conflict and to hunt down and kill terrorist. No american citizen living in the U.S.A. should ever be the target of a drone or be eliminated without due process.

You cant have it both ways.

Is that an ET finger ?

Sorry about my spelling, i was not looking at my writing closely.

Its ok with the American people when other countrys are bombed, what if the bombs start falling on American cities, What will the cry from the media and the American people be then.

Global rules? Ha ha ha ha, Tell you what you make your rules &amp; If nobody plays by them to bad.That's the way it's gonna be,you can't trust anyone so I say NO RULES,ANYTHING GOES! THEN IT'S FAIR!  What about all those hollow points? Someone already is breaking some rules. RULES ARE MADE &amp; WILL  BE BROKEN COUNT ON IT!I notice how we want to changes the rules of the game when we're no longer either ahead or even just the strongest player. What's this former White House mouthpiece talking about when he says "when the Chinese and Russians get this technology"? They've probably had it for almost as long as we have. They're just not playing God on the world's stage so they've not had as much opportunity to use them as the U.S.On another note, how hard is it really to put a missle on a recon drone?  It's basically how we started until we came out with the made-to-order killer/attack drones.  It's only a matter of providing a link from any of the sensors on the drone to the guidance system of the missile.  Then once you've acquired your target, you launch it and forget it.  The target could be anything, a person, a structure, a vehicle or even an aircraft such as a big shiny, blue and white Boeing 747.  And why the hell should any other country follow rules we make up.  We don't follow other countries' rules in regard to cluster bombs and depleted uranium ammunition.  Other drone operating countries are entirely capable of coming up with their own rules which work for them but which we may not like in the least.  And guess what?  We don't have diddly to say about it.I can see this playing out to it's absurd end with a series of Drone Non-proliferation Treaties and countries like the U.S., Britain, Russia and China trying to control who becomes members of the "Drone Club" like they did for the "Nuclear Club".

Obama is another Hitler arrest him NOW!!

hope all of ours are better than theirs

Just wait until the 1st time ( a CERTAINTY) that a drone is used by terrorists in the USA. Will Obama &amp; his puppet Biden be as quick to call for their ouster as he is to demand citizens give up their weapons?I bet NO.

Country's are getting ready to break the rules by using nuclear weapons,what makes this man think anyone is gonna follow rules on drones? What a joke that's not funny.

If the ACLU existed and had the power in 1939 they probably would have asked to have ALL the information on a project called Manhattan and I wonder what the courts would have ruled!

doesn't care what america wants only worried about other countries think

Obama says, as long as the rules protect my Islamic Brothers, fry any critics or "disbelievers" Oops, do not quote me!

Sorry but I have a hard time trusting any political party that would support Feinstein and her gun control measures after she made the statement "We have federal regulations and state laws that prohibit hunting ducks with more than three rounds. And yet it’s legal to hunt humans with 15-round, 30-round, even 150-round magazines." So you see why I don't trust democrats? They think it is legal to hunt humans! Now we should trust them to use drones against US citizens on US soil without a trial or anybody to monitor them? This is crazy out of control!

I have been saying this for a while, what is going to happen when other countries develop their own drone technology? Now the day is at hand, and as usual, the United States has set a precedence that is worrisome. Being that the U.S. has been flying drones into the sovereign airspace of other countries, and in some cases assassinating people on their soil without permission, can other countries do the same on in U.S. airspace and on her soil?Because those countries can simply say, the U.S. has been doing to others, so why can't they do it to the U.S. and any one else they desire?Once again the US has failed to protect its technology.  The way things are today, no one needs to develop anything.  All they have to do is steal it or buy it from us.

Rules? What rules? The best drone wins.

And if Bush were doing this the libs would be howling like raped apes!

His biggest challenge is getting around everything america was based and built on

So, let me get this straight. It is ok to use drones against our enemies on foreign soil if our government THINKS they might plot against us. Now, what happens if a foreign country decides to do the same thing on our soil? Are we going to be all upset about it ?

Hey Military Generals' and CIA!!!!!! There is a family of America hating terrorists at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, so send in the drones now, before they get away!!!

Scary...since he wants to use them on Americans at home...

A few drones here and there sure, OK, but incorporating them into a global rule book, madness comes in all shapes and colors.

Once someone said be careful what you ask for. Now that the can of worms is open everyone, all contries, are able to go fishing. Obama does not believe in rules unless the rules help him. In this case fishing season is open all year long. Happy fishing and the best part no limits.

Not a fan of Obama by any stretch, but I happen to like his use of drones on foreign soil.   We should have used them to keep Hussein in check a decade ago.   It would have saved us a lot of trouble.   That being said, using drones domestically, is another topic altogether.Let me get this straight, liberals.... So Obummer was against Bush waterboarding because it violated the "rights" of terrorists... but he has no problem KILLING them without any due process? What a hypocrite.

Are we to live in fear as Obama watches over us with drones, fearing what we do or where we go, hoping we will not become a target next. Here comes one from china , boommmm.

This will be the legacy of the president who promised a return to sanity after the Bush years: drone assassinations.

Can one of you lemmings, who support Obama, please explain to me how it's ok to incinerate suspected terrorists, but it's not ok to water board them?  Just curious.

This comes back to Obama's great ego.  He was under the assumption the U..S. would be the only country using drones.  Now he goes, "Oops," as the others realize it is a weapon that could be used against them.  Masses of troops like China or N.  Korea would sent to a ground war can be annililated by the little suckers.  But our short thinking people in Washington don't think that far ahead.

king obama has many tools to use against any of his enemies, including americans. he is upset that other countries have the same tools and can order them used without "congressional approval". now our king uses his favorite tool, executive priviledge. watch the numbers go up more and more and some "accidents" happen on american soil. maybe even at the rnc.

Simple.  Drones are aircraft, same rules apply as using manned aircraft.  Where the pilot sits has nothing to do with the rules of engagement.

This is one hell of a joke....The US gets away with it for years...in complete secret...now that others are beginning to use the technology...the US wants to slap restrictions..on their use...Does this not reek of hypocrisy???...Seems like the same with the nuclear thing with N K and Iran...we can have them and use them as we please....but you can't....

Obama just wants rules so he can use drones to kill Americans inside the US&gt;

And this is why the whole world hates us folks. Our politicians are hypocrites.Obama's looking for Globalization period.  He wants and furthermore expects to rule a Global Federation of existing UN/NATO members and commitments he has already made to this elite group of socialists and communists are forcing the changes he proposes for America.   America is the only hold-out of the group because we are, by world standards, different and down right spoiled, and to drag us into the Federation, we have to be brought to our knees and controlled.  The others certainly can't be brought up to our standards, particularly with respect to our Constitutional rights.

Typical USA.  We abuse them, then we want to regulate them.  No wonder the rest of the world hates us.

LMFAO this dude is such a buffoon, you opened the can of worms now everyone will have them idiot

Scary to think this dolt has his finger on  the 'button'!

It's no surprise that when this guy see's that he's loosing the upperhand he want's to make sure that he is involved with making up HIS rules. How does it feel Obama when your only king of the US and not the world?

Did the Nobel Peace Prize Committee give the Prize to Obama for his peaceful drone strikes?  Or were they just morons ?

What will he try next.

I don't understand how anyone who thought bush was a bully can cut Obama any slack. He is even worse because he is a hypocrite on top of being a liar.

You may be able to pick on mud hut dwellers with drones, but serious countries like Russia and China use radio interception and jamming equipment.Not to mention the drone can also be shot down.

Sky-Net is coming.It doesn't matter, the US will be the only ones to follow such rules.

So, basically what this comes down to, is that as long as we are the only ones using drones, we can do whatever the hell we want. But if other nations get involved, then there has to be rules they should follow?This coming from the man who sees no problem blowing up American citizens "suspected" of being terrorists. While China, the one time they thought about using a drone strike, decided not to so they could put the man on trial according to the law?

0bama has failed with everything else. Why would anyone think this would go right?

I heard on TV that anyone can buy a drone for between $500 and $10,000.  I am sure private citizens and terrorist want one of their own so they can find missing dogs and cats!

what a ******* hypocrite. Since all these years we had drones and didn't make laws about  it, other countries should demand that THEY get to make the international laws regarding drones considering how we didn't bother to make any when we were the only ones who possessed them. Obama needs to get his head off from the clouds and get his *** off his little pedestal.

Guess folks better read up what Obama has in store for Americans: "FM 3-39.40 Internment and Resettlement Operations"

How stupid is this dictator. Does he really think anyone,other then his worshipers here in the US, are going to give a ship about what he wants?

The danger to America is not only Barack Obama but a citizenry capable of entrusting a man like him with the Presidency. It may be far easier to limit and undo the follies of an Obama Presidency than to restore the necessary common sense and good judgment to a depraved electorate willing to have such a man for their President. The problem is much deeper and far more serious than Mr. Obama, who is a mere symptom of what ails America.

hmmm????first he re-signs the patriot act after swearing not to.then he signs the NDAA  which he swore he wouldn't.now comes the anti gun legislation along withthe announcement that drones will be used against americans on american soil when the fed determines it is justified?do we see where this path leads?i hope you have sufficient weapons and ammo

What difference will rules make?  obama doesn't follow the laws of this land or the Constitution let alone any other rules.Throughout history, this is the pattern. Just a thought. We want to stop the terrorists, preferably on their turf. All reports indicate the drones, are the most feared. It also saves American lives. No, I don't advocate targeting Americans, on American soil. But if you declare allegiance, to a terrorist group, and relocate, to their bases of operation, you forfeit your citizenship. The oath says, defend against all enemies, foreign, and domestic. We now have another country, threatening us, with a nuclear attack. I would be interested to hear, how the average person, thinks we should deal, with that threat. We keep deluding ourselves, that we can make sane rules, for insane behavior. Since no one who is sane, wants all out nuclear war, which would be global suicide, conventional weapons, will continue to be invented, to get an edge. It's anyone"s guess, where it all ends. It sometimes takes war, to bring peace.

So Obama it's ok if Un flies a drone over your house,just to check things out.I hope he doesn't mistake you for a bank robber.

Way to go Barky! See what you and lil' Shrub started?

"While the Obama administration moves toward refinement and transparency of standards"Lol, that is great...I love a good joke, starting out the day.

Obama's has already set the standards for anyone, perhaps Iran or N. Korea to fly a drone straight to Washington DC. A drone could be as simple as an unmanned remote controlled 747. How is this different that what Obama is doing to other countries? He's attacking "terrorism suspects." The question is, "What are the standards to be considered a terrorism suspect? It's as though Obama is doing the dirty work live a mofia hitman. A paid gunman.

war monger.

obama cannot commit a crime and then claim ignorance. the murder of any american  without due process is first degree murder  obama should be arrested, and if he's not, a miscarriage of justice will occur.

How many people does a person need to kill to qualify for a Nobel Peace Prize?

Democrats, Are you proud yet?  Look what your leader is doing. Many of us were smart enough to see this coming a long time ago.

what hes doing is trying to make rules hoping these other countrys don't come to the us and blow his sorry #$%$ up,the way he has done to them.so you folks that hang with him might watch out.Obama oders drones to attack people in Pakistan,Yemen,Syria,Lybia, and about a hald dozen others,,their governments complain so we give them hundreds of millions in blodd money, so what are we gonna do when say Iran sends a drone over say Miami and blows up a star bucks because there is a CIA op that they feel is plotting against them,  killing 10 citizens? We just gonna say ummm ok thats fair? What can we say? Obama has been killing their citizens for years,,,,,,and if you think that cant happen,,,1 drones can fly 500 miles or more, 2 they are undetectable by radar, 3 they can be launched off a deck of a container ship parked 15 miles off of our coast, 4 Obama gave them one of our drones so they could copy it

Obama wants right to murder US citizens on US soil, that is what he is bucking for bet on it.

Yea, like explain to the public how the air strikes are made, that way the terrorists can modify their behavior and appearance in order not to be spotted.I swear, some (if not most) of the politicians we have in Washington act like idiots, and extremely over paid idiots at that.

What a joke this wanna-be dictator is. This brother hood brother is a looser. Benghazi will be the end of this lying POS.

"Rules, we don't need no stinking rules" I am Obama......  King of the World.

Obama will use drone strikes in Lybia to kill, but refuses to use them to save American lives.

*laughing*  Obama , seeking peace for the world.  Thanks for the laugh.

"Regularize"? I didn't know there was such a word or concept within the Federal government!How about the transparency promised by Obama four years ago? All Americans understand "transparency".

What the article doesn't mention is that the drones are flown by 17 year kids who became experts playing X-box.  Maybe next they'll build robots to control after mastering Call Of Duty.

Global rules should include protecting America`s rights against the USA government`s use of drones for surveillance, harassment and dispersement of peaceful protests.And they worry about guns! Once anybody can afford drones, and the sky is filled with these toys, any terrorist will be able to use them. How will we be able to single out one bee in a swarm of millions or billions?The secrets of war are the most fleeting of all.And just like guns, regulation only works for the law abiding. Somehow I don't believe murderers and terrorists will register thier drones, and install tracers onboard.

Ummm..... If we set the international standard, that may not bode well for the international community.

Notice the clock on the wall I hope its not the dooms day clock..Its reading 5 after.

I've been lucky enough to beome an old man.  I've come to realize that wars are for rich people to start, and poor people to die fighting.  Semi-autonomous automated killing machines rank right up there with poison gas, biological agents, and nuclear weapons.  They need to go, along with the red light cameras, and surveillance drones.

Oboma sticks up for the Islamic Muslim Brotherhood but is mute on the American prisoner in Iran?  Is he biased?

Oboma refuses to tell us the truth aobut Benghazi so why would he expect the truth about the drones?

For those of you who don't have a problem with drones being used overseas on legitimate targets of our enemys remember....WE are the overseas enemy of alot of countrys with potential legitimate targets to them!   Do you really think that Iran and Iraq and North Korea are going to follow rules concerning the proper use of drone warfare?

He let the dogs out now he can't get them back in the cage,,Kinda like Clinton letting the Chinese have multi-warhead technology by letting them launch our multi sattelite rockets..

Well, this was bound to happen now Iran can say we have discovered a state enemy living in New York City at the Empire state building. Whammm! Nope we can't declare war. It was just a drone strike, something the USA has set the precedents for.

As the wind blows, aaaahhhhh, "I have seen the light" aaaahhhhhh, God is good, Is it tee time?crying foul

rules? we have rules and it is called the constitution that is good in war and peace. The problem is D&amp;R does not like those rules of engagement called the constitution.D&amp;R claimed and BO used the illegal, unconstitutional, immoral and evil power to murder Americans and their children.BO did drone assassinate an INNOCENT American kid. that is a crime.We are co owners of this government thus where ever this government interacts with an American goes so does the protection of INNOCENCE and the constitution.The problem for D&amp;R is they declared war on terrorism thus the world including Americans.The killing of the innocent in countries we are not at war is an act of war.D&amp;R are acting like a lynch mobkilling the innocent does not avenge the murder of the innocent.but it does create enemies who are armed with moral vengeance that can only be killed.

Omama is trying to play God ....and has a rude awakening coming  when Jesus Christ returns

As with business, if people would just do what's right we wouldn't need regulations.

Drones can be launched offshore, fly at a vey low altitude, and precisely hit any coastal target. But they already know that. Thought you might like to also.

china should not have had too much trouble developing their drone quickly as we helped by leaving one on the ground in iran. instead of swooping and destroying the drone; the best obama could do was a slap stick grin asking for it back.  what is going to be the response when one comes down in the u.s. and drops a missile on someone in the country?  wow, watch the administration wring its hands and scream like a banshee.  than back to sleep.

When I was in Junior High/High School, and just before computers and video games took off, I had this cheap little game I liked to play called "Rivets." It was a wargame where small, cheap robots battled it out.But what I liked was the backstory to the game: These cheap and disposable robots were not sold to the major powers, but to the little banana republics. I didn't really expect the U.S. to become a banana republic, but there you have it. The rise of the BOPPERS.They are already working on robotic ground based units. Having served in the military, I'm in favor of expendable robots taking the brunt of the abuse. As a person who values the Constitution, I'm not so keen on these being used here on "the People."I had doubts when George W. Bush set up the Department of Homeland Security. Now that Obama is president, I can see my concerns coming into reality.

A teacher asked her 6th grade class how many of them were Obama fans. Not really knowing what an Obama fan is, but wanting to be liked by the teacher, all the kids raised their hands except for Little Johnny.The teacher asked Little Johnny why he has decided to be different... again. Little Johnny said, "Because I'm not an Obama fan." The teacher asked, "Why aren't you a fan of Obama?" Johnny said, "Because I'm a Republican." The teacher asked him why he's a Republican. Little Johnny answered, "Well, my Mom's a Republican and my Dad's a Republican, so that makes ME a Republican." Annoyed by this answer, the teacher asked, "Well, if your mom were a moron and your dad were an idiot, what would that make you?" With a big smile, Little Johnny replied, "THAT would make me an Obama fan!"

America and the world I know I did not do wrong and we need to changewhat I did not do that "Bush" would of done in my shoes and do you blameme for not wanting absolute power because Bush policies allowed him todo it so. Now the world is getting toys that I use I want the rule's to changeto make me the hero you know I am so come non I can change if you believein my change to make the world safer for my actions, you all trust me!!!!?

Obama has his private kill list, and he wants rules?  Liberal media , if this were a Repub. would be  destroying Him.  Intead they act like, "no news here"  When the Govt conrtrols the media and airwavers, (or cable line) it is the beggining of the end for that country.  America is done!!  ,A leader with executive powers, to wage war, to tell us what we should do, condoned by Congress.

Just curious as to who they would call a terrorist and how we would ever know the truth behind it. these are the reasons why we have a judicial system and I could care less what the rest of the world does.

Global rules, with one leader.

Americans amaze meThey keep a terd in the toilet for 4 years then decide to keep it ANOTHER 4 Years !

In his best Urkle voice Obama sez "Did I do THAT?"

"People say what's going to happen when the Chinese and the Russians get this technology"what about Indonesia, Argentina, Pakistan, Japan, India, Mexico, Germany, Togo, and any of 220 or so OTHER countries."quit trying to make a boogeyman out of Russia.

all hail King Obama

And when China decides to sneak in very small spy devices in or larger are we going to blow them out of the air over our populations homes? And allow our government to look in windows at our private lives?  Obama does more to open our world globally to terrorists and government interferance than even he will be able to contain, though I still don't believe he truly wants to contain these things.  He never fully thinks through what cause and effect some of his decisions have down the road. And the sad thing is he never admits making an error or willing to change pace.

" .. a U.S. official said on condition of anonymity.."This is what the govt calls integrity.And Obama is the number one model.

This is funny - "strike them without knowing their actual identity"; revealed by someone whose identity we don't know:That jump in use of armed drones resulted from the authorization to use "signature" strikes, which allowed targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity, a U.S. official said on condition of anonymityObama seeks global rules. welcome to The NWO !

Obama wants to ' phase in the killing'

Just more elite who want to be the biggest dog on the block.  All at the costs of the sheep.   Rich ain't enough.  They want power.  Creepy weirdos want to spy on your backyard.

They can be used in the time of war they always will be used in times of war. But for a continued war on terror or to patrol our streets with, go fish.

The global dictator wants his way, once he accomplishes his goals, what will he do with his power, rule the world with them?

REMEMBER THIS = There are over 100 COMMUNIST Originations working withBarack Obama  RIGHT NOW- TODAY- to destroy America!Following is a short list of just (some of them):•Organizing for America – This group is run by Barrack Hussein Obama himself•Green for All - This group is run by Van Jones ( Self proclaimed Communist) He was fired from Barrack’s staff once the word about him got out.•STORM – Another group run by Van Jones•Code Pink - This Organization has ties to Hamas•Campaign for Americas Future – This group is run by George Sorros a socialist who made 3.3 BILLION last year and believes “Power comes from the end of a gun”• The TIDES Foundation – George Sorros•YaYa Foundation-Actively recruiting &amp; teaching kids 15 to 19 the military is (evil)•United Church of Christ – Jeremiah Wright (we all know who he is)•International Rogue Party – Founded in 1950’s They are Anti colonialists•Solidarity – Founded in 1986 – They are connected to The Weather Underground (remember the guy who’s kitchen that Barrack started his political career with)•Planned Parenthood – Organization started by Margaret Sanger – This organization was started to control the population of minorities.•Communist Party USA•Peace &amp; Freedom Party•Gray Panthers•MoveOn (dot)org•Student Action Labor Project – (SLAP)(note) Last but not least there are the Unions –it is NOT the people who pay their union dues that are the bad guys – They are being USED by the Socialist/Communist in this organization to destroy them along with America the country:•AFLCIO–Run by Richard Trumka•SEIU–Andy Stern – He is a member of the SDS

Drones should be flying  around  schools  as  well .Saves  money  on  an  armed  guard  having to  take  breaks  or  not  doing his  job  properly.  Have  drones  flying around  schools  ready  to  take  down  a wacko  kid  about to go  on  a shooting  spree and I  guarantee  there  will never  ever  be  any more  school  shootings .

obama is like an old mobster, his rules are for him and no one else, if you disagree with him you will get hit

after Obama has sent out how many?? and killed how many?? and now the boy wanna be king wants rules??

Hey  no  terrorists  attacks on US  soil even  no  botched  attacks  life is good now they  should  have  drones  fly  around  schools  to protect  our  kids  from the wacko kids  who  should be on meds  with  guns as  well have  a drone  take  them  out with  a  missle or  50 caliber  machine  gun   as  the  perp is  walking  toward  the  school with  an arsenal.rules.....obama don't need no stinkin' rules....or Constitution

So much for a transparent administration. It ha been every thing but...

@Obama: Here is your "guideline"--QUIT PLAYING GOD.  You're NOT Him!  What you are is a murderer.  And don't bring your Drone-Killing to America either!  There's a place for people like you. It's called the Penitentiary.

Unfortunately a drone can be used for many nefarious purposes, just think about it.  Dump contaminants into a water supply, drop disease or microbes, blow people up, and its not clear who will be in control of drones.   American people should be stopping this deplopment in their tracks, it is too dangerous and potentially uncontrolled.  Especially true when you can no longer trust the gubment.

We live in some scary times.

They said nothing about drone attacks on Americans by Americans, which BO has authorized. I feel that is definitely a war on America by the President himself. We will see the day when we will annihilate ourselves with our own technology. In the mean time better come up with a drone missile to keep outside drones from landing in America. We cannot expect to have been the aggressor in so many other countries affairs to believe we will not be attacked as soon as the technology is in place. N.Korea and Iran will bomb us the first chance they get.

Drones have the potential to be a devastating terror weapon.  Somebody could set up in a rural warehouse, operate the thing from 500 miles away, kill people and get away undetected.   Smart move Bozo, maybe you should let more of our technology be sold to foreign countries, just to keep everything even.

Because the Geneva Convention worked out so well?

He didn't want any rules when we were the only ones with drones, now he wants to regulate everyone else, typical...

oblamo wants to use drones in the USA, but did not want to use them against the muslim terrorists in Bengahzi, Libya to protect 4 Americans this kenya born dude is not for this nation!All I want to hear from this guy is his resignation.

When the war with muslim terrorists end Amercia will get more terrorist activities in its borders and here we  have a regime that wants to "INFRINGE"  on our 2nd amendments, wants to use drones against us, has had its homeland unsecurity and social security buying billions of rounds of hollow point ammunition (against the Geva convention), has purchased armored vechicles, this regime makes it more and more difficult to get the economy going.  This oblamo regime does not open the doors to more oil in this nation to for cheaper consumption because they want to make the rural communities be in pain and collapse!

Who didn't see this coming... I'm sure now we want a rule that no one in power can be taken out by a drone...

The only thing left to do is get "Skynet" online so Obama can blame it on someone else!

now americans are supposed to clamor for drones in our skies to "protect" us from theboogey man - well, that's what you're supposed to do - will you?

"Dear Mr. President, I would like to encourage you to rule this country first before you are going to rule the globe."Americans will never be "ruled".  The last time someone tried that, it ended badly for him

As far as drones being able to kill Americans on American soil without a trial, there's a good reason why we refer to suspected criminals as "suspects" until after a court, and/or jury find them guilty...THEN we determine their sentence, NOT before they've had a fair and just trial!

Understand China first target, to check their drone, witll be the white house.

So we'll sell them to you but you have to follow the rules lol

Our President has just given the world the right, to use droids accrss the world, now every country will have ways of entering the US, Our President, has proven to the world that he is a warlord who can choose and pics who lives and dies,  if I brought death to so many people I would not beable to sleep at night, but our President seems to enjoy killingHmmm - one world power coming  !

Your drones fall from the sky like broken birds.

The only reason other countries have drones is that the US gave the technology to them.

So, let's see - North Korea can load drones on ships, launch them at sea and strike the US from International waters with small nukes...deep on the US, and they don't need a ballistic missle. People keep under estimating these wack jobs in N. Korea and Iran, they have an agenda and DO NOT give a rats rear end what happens to their populations. Pretty soon the sabre rattling is going to stop and someone is going to do something really stupid.

Got to love it how the rules change as others jump on board

Yahoo, what is wrong with you? Your home page looks like it was designed by a toddler with stuff superimposed over more stuff. Your attempt to get me to read your news isn't working. Ia m capable to deciding which article to read with out a giant headline over the picture.

OBAMA IS GOD AND THE WORD IS SCREWED.

HYPOCRITE!

Do as I say, not as I do. Words to live by in Washington

Typical Obama - we use drones with impunity until the bottom falls out and then he wants to be the hero and asks for controls to be established. The same thing he did to the economy - give money away hand over fist with impunity until the bottom falls out and he tries to be the hero by saying that we need to get our spending under control. BS, BS and even more BS.Karma's a #$%$ people, get ready for it.

Well done, UN!

Obama to the world .......as he has done in the US... do not do as i do do... as i  Emperor Obama say

Obama was hoping to use them to stay in power but that ain't gonna happen. We got his number, no more time in office for this fool. No more dictatorship.

And what happens when some third world "toilet" decides to hack these drones and turn them against our own United States targets?  If they can hack into government computers, they can hack a drone.

Naturally Obama wants to give all Countrys our Drones, just like he wants them all to have Nukes.He has done NOTHING TO PROTECT AMERICA AND EVERY THING TO GIVE OUR ENEMIES EVERY THING WE HAVE TO PROTECT OUR SELF.IMPEACH THAT PIECE OF #$%$ . LET HIM MAKE A LIVING IN HOLLYWOOD , THAT IS WHERE HE AND MICHELLE SEEM TO WANT TO BE ALL THE TIME . HE THINKS HE IS A ACTOR NOT THE PRESIDENT OF AMERICA.

how did we ever get such a Bozo the Clown for president of the U S, Oh that's right we have millions of clowns that voted for him.

Big business and our politicians they own passed the free trade agreements and moved our jobs to China and the American people have paid the price. China will end up taking this country over and use our own money to do it. If this isn't teason by big business and politicians I don't know what is and they should be taken to court and pay the price for treason.

It amazes me that Liberals support Obama in a domestic drone program that will be used against them in the future.  There just weren't too many Conservatives at the Occupy Wall Street riots.

Did Hitler get a Nobel too?JFK Speech on Secrecy and Controlled Media, American Newspaper Publishers Association, Waldorf Astoria Hotel, New York, New York, (4/21/1961)"The very word secrecy is repugnant, in a free and open society, and we are as a people, inherently and historically, opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and secret proceedings.We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweigh the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation, if our traditions do not survive with it.And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious who wish to expand it's meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment. That I do not intend to permit, to the extent that it is in my control.For we are opposed, around the world, by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy, that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence,on infiltration instead of invasion,on subversion instead of elections,on intimidation, instead of free choice,on guerrillas by night, instead of armies by day,It is a system which has conscripted, vast material and human resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific, and political operations.Its preparations are concealed, not published.Its mistakes are buried, not headlined.Its dissenters silenced, not praised.No expenditure is questioned. No rumor is printed. No secret is revealed.No president should fear public scrutiny of his program.I am not asking your newspaper to support an administration.. But I am asking your help in the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people..I not only could not stifle controversy from your readers, I welcome it. Without debate, without criticism, no administration and no country can succeed. And no republic can survive.For I have complete confidence in the response and the dedication of our citizens when they are fully informed.That is why the Athenian law decreed it a crime for any citizen to shrink from controversy. And that is why our press was protected by the first amendment, the only business in America specifically protected by the constitution,not primarily to amuse or entertain,not to emphasize the trivial and sentimental,not to simply give the public what it wants,but to inform, to arouse, and to reflectto state our dangers and our opportunities,to indicate our crises and our choices,to lead, mould, and educate and sometimes even anger public opinion.This means greater coverage and analysis of international news, for it is no longer far away and foreign, but close at hand and local.. it means greater attention, to improved attention, to greater understanding of the news, as well as improved transmission. And it means finally, the government at all levels, must meet its obligation, to provide you with it's possible information, outside the narrowest limits of national security.And so it is to the printing press, to the recorder of man's deeds, the keeper of his conscience, the carrier of his news, that we look for strength, and his assistance, confident that with your help, Man will be what he was born to be..Free and independent."

Liberals are not happy with what Obama is doing but they are the only people that can stop him. If he thinks his voting base is against this he would shut it down immediately.  All they need to do is let him know this.Don't blame Bush for any of the things that Bush started,it's too late for that, blame Obama for NOT stopping them!

Everything that comes out of Washington is B.S. I have NO F Faith in a Government is supposedly FOR THE PEOPLE.Govt. is for Govt.! Govt. can lie cheat steal kill and it's just another day.This "A" Hole Obamadinijad has logged more free flier miles than any Pres. in History,that will be his legacy!

"President Barack Obama, who vastly expanded U.S. drone strikes against terrorism suspects overseas under the cloak of secrecy" Key word here is suspects. No trial, no jury. What about all the collateral damage IME. Tough break? Judge, jury, and executioner. Nobel Peace Prize my butt. Way to go Norway.

"While the Obama administration moves toward refinement and transparency of standards".....Since when is Obama trying to move towards transparency?  As for the use of Drones, as long as it doesn't start new wars and as long as it isn't directed at our own people here in America, I'm all for it.

How much longer and how many failures is it going to take before the MSM and the Obama idolizers realize this man does not know what he's doing?!!

Drones are more deadly than Nukes!

if we could get the misguided progressives to grasp some christian principles:1) do onto others as you would have them do onto you.restated - drone strike them and they will drone strike you.human nature - is understood and very much behind the wisdom in thechristian religion.this simple idea is part of the libratarian political way of running the government.the switzerland neutral - no world police force - just protect our own boarders.2) waste not / want not. being frugile with the resources you have.spending with no restraint = broke, no matter how much you tax the peasants.yes, progressives live a dream world of kings, queens, princes, dukes, ...andeveryone not in the royal circle gets to pay the bill so they can live thatunholy fantasy.

Count Chocula's fangs drip with blood.

Whatch what you say on Yahoo...  Your house could blow up.Wow, amazing! Knuckle Head in charge never thought of this issue arising?!?!?!??!

That is YOUR LEADER !!!!!! The U.S. starts some #$%$ project. No one knows. Got the upper hand. Threatens to use it against U.S. citizens. Could care less about any rules.Then other countries find out about it. BOOM - OH WE got to have some rule on this #$%$.

Despots everywhere will be able to strike at their enemies.  Drones and teleprompters are his weapons of disinformation and death to enemies.

Obama confront a new normal what a joke for our silver tongued snake oil salesman AMATEUR non-leader in the WH who enjoyed smoking pot with total absorption and roof hits, who actively sought out radical professors as MENTORS agreeing and learning their hatred for America, who 'IS' a member of the GOD DAM AMERICA Rev. Wright congregation hearing and agreeing with their vile, vulgar, hate filled, racist sermons every Sunday.

This Prez and rules to stand by,Lie a cat in water.he does not respect anything, espcecially rules even he may suggest.

obama is the only terrorist we need to watch out for.

He is a drone, leading this country from behind. What a clown.

The drone and the suicide bomber are the weapons of cowards!

Every step lord fauntleroy takes the #$%$ gets deeper

in Gamma World if you have a pony and a slingshot, a cheap pair of shades and a canteen of water, an umbrella and some shoes (they don't need to match or be the right size or style) you will be very well off and the envy of your neighbors (if they exist).Global Rules... What an eneptocrat...

Cain't wait to see the U.S. reaction when China does the first drone strike here.

He must have be taking a break from his constant campaigning and golfing to make rules for droning.Now he needs to work on his budget and spending problem.Don't lie to us and say we don't have a spending problem,we're not that stupid.

Global rules when we hit a terrorist in Yemen in a coffee shop?   Drones, what’s next robot warriors, I saw that movie 1, 2 and 3, it didn't end well.

Terminator is quickly becoming a possibility, as we build smarter "thinking" computers.

If these drones are used for spying i dont see a problem with them but not on Americans in America and not for killing anyone unless set up by the military for a specific purpose, like war

Every USA invention is miniaturized and perfected by Asians - so expect China does make them cheaper and better in 10 years with their slave labor work force (which USA companies are legally allowed to use in USA law)

The HN loves to keep his finger on the button!

Oboma refuses to tell the truth about Fast and Furious, why would we expect him to tell the truth about the drones?

This form of coward warfare is starting to mature. Nintendo playing jelly backs with headphones and cans of Redbull killing people in their sleep, and keeping score for the demons of Mordor. Now, the rest of the world wants to get in on the fun. So, are we to expect unregistered air vehicles roaming our skies killing our citizens for crimes against other peoples of the world?Keep the people distracted while we(politicians),get rich off this phony stock market climb.Keep Bernanke printing monopoly money and buying bonds at 60 billion a month.Too many citizens in this country are clueless!

I have to say that I absolutely despize Obama.  He is the most unqualified president we have ever had, and has appointed the most unqualified persons in his cabinet.  His inesperience is clear, but his social programs continue to buy votes.  However, I don't really have a problem with his use of drones.  I agree that there probably needs to be some standardization in terms of rules, but using them for targeted strikes in specified areas keeps our guys from being hurt.  What does concern me greatly is his consideration of using drones on American citizens on American soil.  Even his so-called attorney general either wouldn't or couldn't answer that.  If they continue to use them to kill all the Osamas of the world, I say build more drones.

Walk softy and carry a big drone.

Americans STILL have not seen  Proof that Bin Laden is Dead

So if china wants to go after someone here in the USA for the same thing under the rules of ingagement they can

"President Barack Obama, who vastly expanded U.S. drone strikes against terrorism suspects overseas under the cloak of secrecy...""Terrorism suspects"...you mean like American citizens and their children...not to mention the collateral damage.  Of course he wants to regulate them...China is building so many to swarm opposing military's...you can get some of them, but not all of them.

it seems to me that the u.s goverment wants to start a war with the american people, know wonder why the want to take our guns, we as american we stand tall against foreing and domestic dictators. and our goverment better watchout because they might be waked a sleeping giant meaning the american people that this gov is pushing around

Global rules....kinda  like after we were the only one who had and used a nuclear bomb....well then we tried to keep everyone else from getting them .....we kill bad people in other countries with drone, now others are getting them, and Ol King Obummer maybe looking above his SUV hoping a missile don't rain down on him.

MY SON HUSSEIN OBAMA IS A PEACH

I am infinitely more concerned about the use of drones right here in America than their use by Russia or communist china.Somewhere in Kenya a jackal misses her pup.

Dear liberals, please don't EVER complain about civil rights to us again!  You're effing blowing it by not standing up against these drones!

what if your a activist in the US thats trying to help people in China ? can China target said activist in the US ?

so strikes a carried out by profilling? thought Obama didnt like profilling. Any one get the urge to call these things terminators? lol do we have a skynet already in place?

notice he didnt do this before the election? impeach his lying #$%$

So If Obama has you as a target, are you then "Black Listed"?

The A  S  S  H  O  L  E in Chief started something we're all going to regret.

Getting American's kill, it seems like a sport for obama.

I often thought how I would love for the CIA to find another Lee Harvey Oswald to take Obama out. I changed my mind. Now I'd like the CIA to use a drone on him to set an example for anyone else who wants to be president and violatethis countries Constitution and tear away freedoms given to us over 200 years ago. Obama go BOOM!!!!!!!!!!

Rules for drones is exactly like declaring schools gun free zones.  Bad actors don't follow rules.Rules... RULES he wants? Thats funny. Even I, an Obama voter, see the irony. The man wants rules for the weapon developed to defy rules. Rules now, thats funny. Rules such as what, no drone strikes on Sundays? Drone Strike Rules... like they are playing monopoly. My Dad, rest his Soul, would say we have all gone crazy. Perhaps the U.N. will be empowered to issue Hunting Licenses for drone missions? We have all gone crazy!

it amazes me that he could think that our enemies will play war by our rules....boggles the mind how clueless this man is

Obama does not want an American populace able to defend itself, and he certainly doesn't want other countries to be able to defend themselves.

The feds actions at Ruby Ridge says it all.

This Nobel Peace Prize winner seeks to use drones not just overseas but now seeks to use it on the very people who he was elected to protect. And some of you fools still support him.

Why has there been no war crimes against America? Taking out dozens of innocent people to possibly get a suspect seems like abuse of power to me. I always thought we were about giving trials and not being barbarians.Yet some of the biggest #$%$ live within our prison walls protected. Soaking up 40k per year of taxpayer money with the amenities of a cheap hotel room instead of the cold, dark, concrete wall with a hole to use as a toilet.

When Chinese and Russian get the technology, it will be the end of US monopoly? But hey, that was known 5 years ago, too.

this illegal muslim is thinking drones on americans

ain't that grand? obummer won't even talk to Americans about the drone program but he will try to make it an international issue.another example of obummer circumventing the constitutional rights of Americans.

This guy won a Nobel Peace Prize?This guy won a Nobel Peace Prize?

Not to worry.  Our unmanned drone "hunter" correctly called the HUNTSMAN will take care of those other countries.   Evil laugh inserted here.

whats good for the goose ant good for the gander huh

Obama better be careful, as he travels abroad, that someone doesn't point one at him to get even.

The longer he is in office the the dumber he gets,

Is Obozo the first Nobel Peace Prize winner to carry out drone assassinations all over the world?

this guy has no clue

A US practice to mess with other countries, going in violating their sovereignity, of course Obama is wrong, now they have warned us.

Obama to the world:"We had them first so we get to make the rules, but we dont have to follow the rules"

We have a Constitution which covers this, and a Congress to make necessary laws, along with a President to sign the Law.We do not need anything Global.We have a Constitution which covers this, and a Congress to make necessary laws, along with a President to sign the Law.We do not need anything Global.

They might as well drop the 's' at the end of the headline and put it straight: "Obama seeks global rule" would be more appropriate...

Did you know that Barack Obama is an active member of the “New Party”, a radical anti-capitalist Leftwing organization. This is leftwing third party intent on transforming America into an unrecognizable socialist nation.The reason all of Americ doesn’t know is because  the so-called mainstream media continues to ignore Obama's radical connections  from friendships with known terrorists to allegiances with socialists.Obama formally requested New Party endorsement, signed the contract and joined the Leftwing party. - Minutes from a January 11, 1996, New Party's Chicago chapter meeting read "Barack Obama, then candidate for State Senate in the 13th Legislative District, gave a statement to the membership.He signed the New Party "Candidate Contract" and requested an endorsement from the New Party. He also joined the New Party." Obama even signed a "contract" promising to publicly support and associate himself with the New Party while in office... A radical anti-capitalist Leftwing organization.A roster of the New Party's Chicago chapter from early 1997 corroborates Barack Obama's membership likewise indicating January 11, 1996, as the date he joined.Obama even signed a "contract" promising to publicly support and associate himself with the New Party while in office... A radical anti-capitalist Leftwing organization.Though Obama currently pledges allegiance to the Democratic National Party, the Campaigner-in-Chief's own policies moving our free-market republic governed by the people toward European-style socialism reflect precisely the New Party's goal of transforming America into a socialist nation.With his re-election Barack Hussein  thinks he now has the power to transform OUR America into HIS America.

This is what you get when you give americas power to the u.n. And the bogus one world order. That one world order is just another way to say the taking over of america.why is it that all the sudden america cant stand alone, after hundreds of years of doing so?It is all a power struggle and for the first time in history america is loseing.What does that say about our younger generation.you are ok i am ok #$%$.

Obama is encouraging global war he is an instagator of violence and war this man is truly evil for our country and society ! the devil in sheeps clothing !!

"We are constantly working to refine, clarify, and strengthen the process for considering terrorist targets for lethal action," Hayden said//  I thought you needed a trial before being proven guilty, execution before trial works better in a NWO.

All I can say is, "Remember Ruby Ridge, and be prepared to shoot back!"

I'm going down to the hobby store and getting myself a drone.

That would allow the CIA to return to more traditional operations of espionage and intelligence analysis, and put the killing of terrorism targets in the hands of the military//So they admit it.

Drone or piloted plane what is the difference? A attack should be the same under international rules!When China and Russia and other third world countries launch drone attacks against terrorists here in the USA, we must play by the rules.

This is like BJ's becoming non sex acts during the Clinton administration.

How comical.  As soon as other countries enhance their drone technology, Obama all the sudden wants some "global rules" for drones.  What a tool....

So in the future when everyone has drones and robots to fight their wars the only targets left will be civilians and we call that progress.

I don't think we need to worry about China, when our own president has the power to kill us at anytime.

I wish an unhappy drone operater would drone obozo before he strats droning Americans.  Obozo is a marxist socialist  hitler wanna be.

The inexperienced ignorant and arrogant fool thought he was gonna change the world in one or two terms, rather than work incrementally like all prior presidents were constrained to do.  Couple that with a bunch of unrealistic utopian socialist wet-behind-the-ears advisors, and you have the recipe for disaster.  Looks like the worst two terms in American history so far.

When mankind is no longer a threat to drones, they will take us over.

no foreign country takes the usa seriously while Obama occupies the white house.  he is an alqaida operative using his power to take down the usa

barry oblamo hussien the one world order global puppet, speaks!First drone attack in the US will be met with outcries from around the world, "thats not my drone, no its not mine, I don't know who did it, its not my drone"   What you mean Bozo, they didn't ask your permission to attack, too bad you opened up Pandoras box, now it might envelop you.

Obama is afflicted with SPS (Small Pe-n-is Syndrome.

Drone attacks don't knock on the door to wake you up first telling you to surrender, they just blow you up. Judge, jury and hangman with no concious.

the devil in the whitehouse knows know limits on evil.the useful idiots (liberals) voted for all of this evil now coming to America.you disgusting liberals should feel nothing but shame.

article left out screams buy liberal about how these drone strikes were war crimes under bush

Barrack Hussein Obama- the most arrogant and hypocritical president EVER.

Obama would and will use these on the American people on American grounds, he can say that person was a terrorist and the world would let the liar get away with it. Just like he killed a teen who never had nothing to do with terrorist acts after killing his father a few days before. Both being Americans.

Obama has his plate full without going to something he cant handle or solve. He is in way over his head.

Maybe some foreign country will do America a favor , and droneOdungster and drop a bomb on him.

Any decision made by Obama must be carefully scrutinized, as it was probably not properly researched.Let me guess, "Rule #1 - the drones will not be used to target the leaders, only against the nameless "unimportant" soldiers on the battlefield."

Turn it over to the UN,like you have with everything else..You will be neutered in 2014...

A pandora's box , impossible to regulate.. Cheap to build  and easy to hide...In fact , teens could build one !

wont be long before drones are shooting other drones

we use technological advances for the dumbest things. instead of trying to cure diseases (not profitable), we make weapons of mass destruction and sell them to both friend and foe

"Global rules" which no other country will respect.

president barry hussian obama maybe we the american people will have the drones follow you around instead of the american people and keep the drones  on your life and your one of the brother  hood member to and why are you trying to have the american people pay for mexico of the tax payer to pay for the food  stamp thereand other country and did not tell the american people that and we have to pay for the rest of the world  but no  and but you give the american money to other country and dont tell the american people  but the american people need to what you are doing to america and but we should kick you out of officeand send you back kenyaby your sister and brother and send your uncle and aunt with you toand our family to

Rules huh?....There are no rules.

obuma -- epic fail -- do u people realize the DANGER this guy and his thugs have put us in?

How much proof do we need to conclude that this government is out of control and vote out these career politicians who put their own interests over those of the people they work for?you voted for him so shut your mouths

Dear President Peres and P.M. Netanyahu,If the US has ever done anything for Israel; please detaining and try Obama for crimes against Humanity and Human Rights Violations for drone strikes on innocent civilians and killing "suspects" on "allegations" violating the International Declaration of Human Rights Article 10 "Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him."

those that live by the drones will ..... by the drones .

I wonder if he's gonna allow other countries to kill our own citizens here at home with their drones like he wants to?Please God impeach this POS soon...

Obama's a dooshe.

seems like a lot of people have come to see the real Obama and yet no one is doing anything about removing him out of office if I was ten years younger i would start a national petition to IMPEACH the man as a traitor and as a unbalance minded fool. want to be king, dictator, savior all rolled up in one.  am praying some brave true Americans start the process as soon as possible.

Contribution over Competition or the human species ends. It's that simple.

Time to make some old prop driven fighters for when we need to shoot the drones down. They can have all of the ECMs they want but they are still slow and not invisible.

no intel just blow away

Was'ent the V2 sort of a drone , used by Hittler , it did what he wanted it to do ? Israel just perfected the use of it, &amp; then the U.S. really did.where are all the "peace freaks" of the 60's when you need them. Killing innocent people in an undeclared war, where one or two people decides who gets killed is WRONG.  PERIOD!!

Obama is afraid that someone will fly a drone over him and bomb his butt back to hell.LOL!  Liberals are so stupid!!

Pretty soon we can all play this game on-line.

So we will put in Rules for Drones, That will be enforced by whom? The UN.And when these so called rules are Violated, What kind of Punishemnt and who does it?  More Economic sanctions?  Are they going to do that to the U.S. also. Again who is going to enforce these  so called Rules and what are the punishments if they do?Yeah that is going to work really well.What if a Country like North Korea does a Drone, on American Soil killing of Anybody deemed a terrorist by that country, Without a trial.Would that cause the United States to go to war?  Afterall we are doing just that in A#$%$anistan and Iraq right now, Not to mention if they are actually doing it in Eygpt, Turkey or Japan and China for that matter.Which would be Classified, and unknown, Yet aslo may be being done as we speak.Rules only work when people follow them, Just like Laws.The we can do it  but you can not  attitude is never going to fly with most if any country.

The fraud in the White House wants to kill Americans. He will wait till he gets UN troops in control of the drones. Then he will strike and the UN will be kicking in doors to confiscate guns.

Impeach him now.

I notice that Obama's expansion of the drone strike program was NEVER mentioned when he was running for re-election.  While his supporters claimed Bush was a "war criminal" for starting the program.....

wonder if a drone could fly between this miserable SOB's ears

Instead of drones ,we could just use some our high capacity assault buses to take out terrorism suspects

Have Obamas new rules been translated into Korean?   Dennis Rodman says Kim Jong Un is waiting for his copy.thousands of new laws for american citizens are not enough for him so now he has to try and issue laws for the entire world .... how does this guy sleep at night ..

What will we say when another nation uses drones in our airspace?  It's not like we have any moral high-ground to stand on in this area..

'all your base are belong to us'oh for the days of pinpall machines and the sounds of the poolhall, the smell of cheap beer, cheap women, and cheap cologne

This is hypocrisy at its finest.

I'm going to start using drones to keep the kids OFF MY LAWN!!!!!!

&lt;--Control this Drone

The drones have killed 4,200 people, not all were terrorists!  Many were innocent women and children!

drones are used for spying and assasinations....no drones  in american air space.....

Wait till other countries start off'ing Amercians over here.

What keeps drones out of the hands of "terrorists"?If the us would keep their mouth shut and the media about our capabilities then maybe we could stay ahead of the game.

They are already flying drones here in the US.

Obviously this guy doesn't want to worry about one of these things searching him out on the golf course.  LOL, too funny, and ironic.  Another example of causing the problem and then spending our money to solve it.

what ever you read in the news is done and outdated in a matter like this, my guess is the issue is to cover up domestic use that is already in place.

This is a one-man decision on who lives and who dies -----WRONG, WRONG, WRONG!!!!!!!

Finally all that hard work on the Xbox will pay off. now my kid can get a job and move out.

The problem with 'global guidelines" for the use of drones and other "rules of war" is that the enemy rarely follow them.  Professional politicians are absolutley clueless about how the real world operates.  However,  we voted for them...so we don't deserve any better.

.....Mother should I run for president.Mother should I trust the governmentMother will they put me in the firing lineOoooh aah, is it just a waste of time......

Looks like the Drone User In Chief finally realizes that his name is on one of those drones.  His Kill List is not the only one in the world.  The Little Pea Brained Boy Man is scared.  LOLOLOL

Obama, you have lied and cheated us and our children's future, you have caused more Americans to go below the poverty standard than any other president in U.S. history, you have committed almost as many human rights violations as Bush and you have diminished our rights as Americans and you deserve death so just kill yourself. Do America and the rest of the world a favor and kill yourself. I regret voting for you the first time because you are so full of ****. Do the honorable thing for once.Way to go Obama...now look what your Nobel Peace Prize behind has started...now everybody whats to kill with drones!!!

The government has to much influence in everything,......violating of the 1 st and 4 th amendment became a standart procedure in our beloved country,.....that's not what our founders had in mind as they established the constitution,.....go to YOU TUBE and watch AriesT &amp; Phaydros "star spangled banner",.....take a look at the mess in our country !!!

'Signature' strikes. The jargon doesn't change things. Millitary secrets are the most fleeting of all. Pandora's box is now open and drones are a sloppy weapon. A lot of 'collateral' damage. In more common language, ' MANY DEAD CIVILIANS'. These things are not assasin weapons, they are air strike weapons and open the way for fighting as dirty as ever.

'Love my country, but have a problem with it being OK for us to kill at will by drone, but as others approach being able to do the same, we want to say "Whoa - let's discuss some different ground rules for you".  That ain't right.

when will obama stand trial for killing americans that's the question that needs to be asked..

HUSSEIN OBAMA HE'S MY MANif he can't do it...well he'll just break every law until he can.... cheer with me demoncrats... gooooobama

Credit where credit is due, Obama sure is one entertaining trip.

Ah, obama

So people do you see his agenda and motives now?

he sure likes the photo ops. now its with cars. he needs to get in one and drive out of the country and not return untill he becomes a man instead of a renagade child.I can just see all those other countries with those programs go along with what we have to tell them about regulations, good luck.

Obama IS a global drone .

Now he wants rules! Too late! He set precedent when he just started taking out people in other countries, there is nothing to stop them from doing the same. Now that they have got a few of ours they have the technology....Drones are far worse than WATERBOARDING!

The denials of loosing a drone and, as yet, the helo that was left in bin laden's back-yardare dictator ubama secrets that are now coming back to bite him. Foreign Countries knowwhat America knows: BEWARE -- THERE IS NO TRANSPARENCY WITH A LIAR.

Another first for Obama.

Signature strike. Killing someone because you think, maybe, they might be a terrorist because they acted kind of weird. In one way or another that pretty much covers everyone.

I notice when Im flipping channels how some news reporters address Obama as President Obama and others address him as Mr. Obama....ain't this country grand????

Next thing they need to stop is TSA agents from groping our nuts at the airport.

Obama got his 'drone wings' clipped.  LOL.

so now put two and two together - take away all but shotguns (per Biden) then the drones will keep Americans afraid to oppose Dear Leader or we will be droned.Gee.... Obama opened the door for not only China, but Iran as well to have all the US secrets of the drone when he left that one behind for the Iranians to duplicate it.   What ever possessed him to leave something that valuable behind for a Muslim country to copy?  Only he knows the answer to that!!

does any one notice the names of the people that write these stories,or edit them ? I am seeing more and more Muslim sounding names for these stories .Am I just now noticing this ,has it been going on for some time ? is it by design to gradually desensitize the Muslim stereotype ,or is it that this President we have is truly a Muslim and he has every one fooled into believing he is something he is not

I have no problem with using drones to kill terrorists overseasI have a HUGE problem with using drones to kill Americans on American soilObama is hoping that by focusing on the former, you fail to notice the latterAmericans can not allow this to stand

Where's the "outcry" from anti-gun groups and such?Why don't they scrutinize the government?Or have they recognized the government's licence to kill?

Rule #1 (and America’s leaders have all ready broken rule #1) Don’t give up, share, or leak, your technological, militarily, economical, social, educational, and any other God dame advantage you might have to the world, if you want to remain top dog!!!! Where have we gone wrong??? I would Imagine when we entered into this idea of the U.N.!!!

Drone Strikes kill indiscriminately... Anyone who supports drone strikes has got a terrorist mentality...

Typical Obama. marching head on and stupidly from one bad situation to another, and always responding with too much, too little, and always too late.

It starts here, we can change our destiny, time is running out.

A UN drone force, they make the mandates, the drones enforce the rules. Hand them over, global rule # 2, now listen only once, you won't get a second chance, to hear it again.

We been hijacked.Obama originally apologized for US arrogance before he was for it....

Drones will be used on American soil to kill Americans..There won't be an election in 2016. Obama and his personal police force (Dept. of Homeland Security) are preparing for Marshal Law.., they are going to attempt to take our guns. There is a FEMA detention facility already built in the desert near Twenty nine Palms, CA. They have purchased over 2700 armored assault vehicles..WHY?.

Can we allow Obama to write the rule book for us?

Could have used a drone strike or two in Benghazi except Obama wasn't interested.

NOW THIS #$%$-TATOR IS GOING GLOBAL.

Obama sounds like he wants an army of drones to carry out his missions for him, this is called automation, soldiers are obsolete. This is about the American way, giving way to a way of life lost and forgotten, to Obama's world of seek and destroy. Get in line.

He has been to the mountain and witneessed the burning GW Bush tree.

setting the stage for Terminator Rise of the Machines

wants to set the standard for the international community on these tools,  And what will this start?

Chipping away at the Rights of the American People... What else is new...We should have set the rules before waging a 4 year drone war in half a dozen countries. Now there aren't any.

He doesn't want you to own a gun worthy of protecting yourself from a powerful opposition but thinks it's fine to kill citizens without a trial using drones. Hate away but you chose this guy not me

Drone dogfights; that could interesting!

Drones continueing to be used by Obama in the war on terror will only help terror intensify, hating big bro for it, with Obama's type of warfare logic nuclear war is a solution. Fear mongering the way he is never brings peace,, libs are in a frenzy over it.

Can any of you liberals on here explain what Bozo is really trying to do?

They will be good things to hunt down and kill Christians with after the Flash . Some will be left behind to be martyrs for Christ .

.Playing dumb seems to be their forte.

Maybe all the leaders of the world will get together in one building &amp; hash it out then,with any luck there will be some kind of drone accident &amp; they'll all be gone.

LMFAO, you think you're gonna tell China and  Soviets how to use their arsenals. Idiot

"...but authorities decided they wanted the man alive so they could put him on trial." Gee the Chinese wanted to use a drone strike to kill one there citizens that killed 13 Chinese sailors, but, they understand the use of their judicial system. Unlike our POTUS that decided to use a drone strike to kill US citizens, one a 16 year old. Obama made the decisive call to deny that person life. He overstepped his bounds. He is in the executive branch, not the judiciary.The drones are just one more tool for killing, and just like civilian gun control measures will not accomplish any good, the same applies to any new "rules" our government or any other might adopt for drone use.  The government does not need a drone to kill a civilian in the U.S. now and has not in the past, the use of choppers, jets, and conventional armed squads or individuals has worked and will continue to work for those that desire someone dead.

In the face of a disintegrating nation, I don't think Lincoln was this inept.   Of course, he didn't have training in Chicago thugery.

Welcome to the drone trials, where they go to anounce your fate. Turn yourself in within 30 days or face being a target.

What’s really behind this abuse of power is fear! A fear that a 2nd American Revolution is coming! Think about it, how much more can the American public stand with losing jobs, Homes, dignity, and the American dream, before they throw up their hands and say funk it! Kenya dig it!

Obama drones are armed and hunting all anti-obama people

The bounty hunting drone, you can run but you can nevr hide for long.

Russia and China with drones will be interesting to see.  Obama will have to be keeping his eyes up. No wonder he thinks it's time to set some rules of the road.  I wonder what a "crispy Obama" smells like.

The president is well aware of those concerns and wants to set the standard for the international community on these tools," said Tommy Vietor

Typical politician, we get to have unbridled fun but if you want to have that same fun we get to make the rules for you!

Can we build our own drones to police our government with?Can we capture drones and water board them?

Who will play God over our drone judicial system? Who will be in charge of the hit list. Can we vote for a candidate with the best hit list?

RO'bama!

Isn't that the Classic Armament Story. Now that other people have them we want to set standards. Because we've never #$%$ off the world like that before... Oh, wait.

Robo Cop !

Yet another program that Senator Obama would have been acrimonious about if it were Bush's program.

Just paint all the drones black or say they are either Muslim or gay then no one would dare say anything bad about them.

First Bozo took over the USA, now he is trying to take over the world,  Sound familiar to history?

Obama Drone Rule #1: You can bomb your own people if they do not agree to your demands.

China would never invade us......... on foot............Same rules for everyone as for Obama--none.  Good work killer.

To little to late. While the drone in a way "protects" our armed forces, it also desensitizes war. Main reason I really don't like politicians running a war because they really don't have a clue. Every country considers power, and resources as reasons to go to war. Most people want peace but you get more than a few who want their version of peace and way of living which is why we still but heads and have war. It unavoidable but I really don't like drones because it takes the human element out of war.

Don't allow the usurpers to prevail! To those confused by rhetoric , dazzled by flamboyance , and misled by intent , your perception might be skewed much to the left of what is right about our immediate plight , it would seem you haven't really a single shred of a clue about the country you think you are living in. If that is or is not the case then it is time for you to seek enlightenment by studying the history , both civil and political  as well as of the military , of the United Sates of America. By all means concentrate on the period of formation of our country , the cause of the revolution , the formation a new government designed to manage by consent and will of the people with checks and balances built in to prevent abuse of power. Pay particular attention to the "check and balance" part.   Focus , on the Constitution , the Bill of Rights , and all the Amendments. After you have completed your studies decide if you really do belong , or even want to be a citizen in this country , or perhaps you would prefer another country with a Socialist or perhaps even a Communist form of government. Perhaps a Dictatorship would be the personal preference of some of our citizens. To the rest of us , don't allow the usurpers to prevail.

Obama wants rules now even though he has been killing Americans overseas without a trial and the possibility of getting information along with violating some country's airspace. If he had sent in another drone to blow up the one the Iranians landed, we might still be ahead in the drone program.  What are the rules going to be when his plan of having 30,000 drones flying over the US by 2015 will be?

Jimmy Carter may now rest in peace knowing Obama has taken his crown as worst president ever in U.S. history.

When I suggested that Obama and his fellow National socialists of the democratic party would want the use of drone strikes on US targets under color of national security and anti terrorim acts, I was told I was crazy and biased as  it would never happen. Obama admitted he intended to do so after the election. Given that lying, distortion, and manipulation of the media is common by the National Socialist propaganda machine, they could pull off a drone strike on someone like Rush Limbaugh or Pat Boone, then proceed to cover it up as a counter terrorist action covered by national security. There is not even a law against doing so. What is really going to get interesting is when drones are being used to assasinate public leaders,,,,

This is advance tech? lol So buying a 99.99 RC plane and slapping a stick of C4 on it is tech that is so far advanced of Russia and China.

Dont give the killer obummer permission or you my be the next drone victim of obummer !!

What will Obama due when another country trys and used a drone to kill a terrorist on US soil?

More lawyer posturing, legal-speak, and smoke screens while the Police state is bolstered with drones.  Look out the window, what is that thing? It's your freedom saying goodbye. Thanks Mr. Obummer, thanks again.Look at the mentality here, they use the term " tools " in describing death machines !

As a US citizen and a supporter of the second amendment, I look forward to acquiring my first drone.

For those of you that lean to the left, how would you feel about a President Cheney getting to decide who is/is not an enemy combatant?

What a slippery slope King Obama has brought us to.  He is unwilling or unable to think ahead.  I guess when Americans are targeted he will blame someone else

you silly libs better Re-think your stance on weapons...Cause you too are gonna want to shoot at the first 1 you see flying over YOUR HOUSE.I "SWEAR" that I will.I dont care what Country its coming from including ours.Above my house is MY AIR SPACE....and privacy space.

I think anyone can drone anyone....this is the Nuke race all over again

I thought he only wanted to be king of amerika... He wants to be king of the world.. What a joke he is

1984 is 2013 2013 is 1984

I think it's like a video game to him.

What ....Is Obama getting worried they might use a Drone to target him?sounds like something Obama would do. he uses drones with no rules, &amp; he'll even use them to kill American citizens in foreign countries, but when someone else gets in the game, we have to set rules! he is the biggest hypocrite on earth!

RIP America: July 4, 1776 - September 11, 2001.

The Drone King and his Corrupt Goons....Will America itself survive this Corrupt, Compromised, &amp; Dangerous Goon?....

The President wants to set stantards for international community on the use of these tools, UH Hey dimwit, I think you done set the standards.

Soom we will see foreign dromes over our skies, picking off targets that are considered terrorists by other countries...If we can do it in other countries, why cant they do it to us...its only fair...I think once that starts to happen, many americans will change their views on war

obama doesn't believe in torture,just kill them and their families..hitler

You elected this moron, and he wants to make a permanent home of the whitehouse and point drone at US citizens he considers is enemies.

They opened a can of worms and now are trying to get them back in the can.  A little forethought would have been more wise.  We need to think through our technologies instead of charging ahead with poorly thought out ideas.

Who leaked our technology and who is selling it?  Under the Obama Administration suddenly the whole world has drones.  Great.  What a wonderful Nobel Peace Prize winning president...old bloody Barry.

Global rules ?   How about the drones  ' surveying ' America and its citizens ? .................Global rules ?   How about the drones  ' surveying ' America and its citizens ? .................

And the President thought  ' drone ' was the sound of Michelle in the morning............................

It's not gonna be all funny and cool when they start blowing up your family and neighbors and schools here in amerika.

Poor lil' Barack .   No respect .   The U. N. has a human rights investigator looking into world-wide drone strikes as well as announcing the U. S. had violated Pakistan's sovereignty...................

Here's what the nobel prize winner did: Him and his muslum brotherhood plotted to kidnap Chris Stevens and exchange him for the blind shiek, that would've made Obama look like a hero to win the election. Minimal security was planned and so was the order to stand down....The poor navy seals ran in to try to save the Am. and all hell broke loose. Now Obama aqnd the WH have to invent a believable story.That is why all the secrecy. They didn't count on people not beliving the story and dig further. This info has been out there. Look it up.

typical dummazz liberal mindset.  create a mess then try to blame someone else for doing the same thing.

Maybe Oblamo is not a person, but rather a presidential drone for some unnamed communist group.

the great commie leader

Obummer wants the power to drop drones on more white people.

The US is not the only country with drones, when a third country starts targeting people in the US..well what comes around goes around.The US is not the only country with drones, when a third country starts targeting people in the US..well what comes around goes around.

Obama playing God as  "X-Box drone killer"...  who lives and who dies.  Drones are already in use in several western states by the USDA. Barack endorses kill strikes on American citizens.. Got caught at saying it was OK.   Under Obama the Feds can arrest you and hold you indefinitely without any trial.  Does the Left care ???  Nope, it's their beloved Obama.  Not a sound from the ALCU.   Bush did NOT do this.  This is Emperor Barack........

what a criminal cabal we now have. technology has destroyed this world. as one commentor said yesterday, "the body has been killed, it just doesn't know it yet, so it hasn't fallen to the ground yet". what a legacy we have left our children.

Like to stick a drone up his #$%$ to make him think

Obama gave china our drone technology

He is such a moron

"The United States has also carried out drone strikes in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Somalia" Soon it will be "Drone strikes have also been carried out in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, and the United States"...

Opinions vary and that is why there is a lot of discussion on the subject.  Drones being used in war zones, as far as I'm concerned, keep U.S.troop casualties down and are good for our country.  Using them in the United States is another matter.  I can see some applications to patroling our borders for Surviellance ONLY but other applications I have my doubts that they should be used. Our airspace has a lot of planes, commercial and domestic, flying about.  Anything below a certain height doesn't even require a flight plan so if you add drones meandering about into this there could be a great danger of accidents. Only my opinion of course.

Because obamashit is a lie in progress he should step down.ya right.the invaders would have a tissy fit.

this president is the major fall of this country..So far, drones have only been used in combat zones. If and when the federal government decides to target a terrorist on U.S. soil, then we need a better definition of the drone use and capability. Until drones are utilized outside of combat zones, there should be no controversy.

How could Democrats, the Liberal party, have voted for this war-monger? Normally, it's the right-wing nut jobs that want more war and less civil liberty, but to have a Democrat do it, it just isn't the same.Oh, and all those Obama bumper stickers with the piece symbol? LOL!

Authority to use drones to kill Americans on U.S. soil! Washington has sought to portray civilian casualties from drone strikes as minimal! Targeting suspects without knowing their actual identity! This Funking guy and his henchmen (Holder) are scary! What there afraid of is an 2nd American Revolution! Kenya dig it!

obama is shocked. He thought he had the U.N. in his pocket. Not he is getting a slap down from them. He doesn't like to be told no. Next strike may be against the U.N. building itself. Don't tell the spoiled boy he can't, he'll show you.

H'm now who is responsible for the craft the UFO nuts keep seeking in Texas - the military or the CIA?  They keep reporting black triangle and white VW "bug" like craft hovering at tree top level and taking off at amazing speeds.  They think we are being invaded by aliens, space NOT illegal.The rest of us think that the remote, drone pilot trainees are bored so are harrassing citizens OR DARPA has a top secret research facility in Texas OR Homeland Security had a great Christmas and is enjoying playing with their new "toys".Come on Obama our enemies/allies all know what is going on, what we "have" so why don't you tell the voters what our meager tax dollars are being use for?  We are getting kind of sick of paying so the CIA and military can play "spy".

This guy is one scary dude on the lives and control of people...........

WELCOME TO DEMOCRAT FASCIST POLICE WORLD.pay your taxes slaves... or die in a drone strike

The idea of being blown away by something the normal person can't detect bothers me to my toes!  And accountability --  look to Benghazi.This is truly something we need to get on top of, quickly.  Too bad we have such a sorry person in the WH.

Please stop referring to this person as (president ) , He should be called what he is, Dictator Obama.

It seems Chicago is the nations capital as he can't keephisblackass out of that curruptshithole of a town.. He also has a lady friend there that we are all paying for..the playing field evens out...so, it's time to change the rules.it's the liberal way.

There is to much room for error and abuse with this. It gives someone behind a TV screen and a joystick the power of judge, jury and executioner, without being absolutely sure. The day one of these TERMINATOR machines is unleashed on an American citizen on American soil will mark the end of any kind of due process of law and make the constitution toilet paper.

obama loves murdering americans (drones), just doesn't like to torture them. (waterboarding)

Dear Kim Jong Un,Please address all incoming mail and packages to:The White House1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NWWashington, DC 20500(more specifically: 38d 53' 51.58" N / 77d 02' 11.42" W, Elevation 58ft)(PS: mark parcels: "Attn: President Barrack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Soeroto, aka Harrison J Bounel)(coordinates courtesy of Google Earth)

Obama thinks that shooting people in the back without a fair trial is fine.  He is a coward and a murderer.

obama getting away with murder, far worse then watergate, not even close.  the GOP would rather let obama get  away with murder because  they fear the race card even more if they file to impeach.

If Bill Clinton were Still In Office, he would HAND our Global Remote Control technology to the Chinese (and call it an act of "scientific cultural exchange").  The Liberals would CHEER HIM for doing it, too.

Arnold must be chuckling, SkyNet is becoming reality.

Oweblamer, is now worried that our enemies will send Drones to find him their #1 enemy which is Oweblamer. Now he can't go golfing everyday without worrying about being blown up on the golf course. What a Hypocrite.

Any Drone flying over my house will be shot down. End of Drone!"U.S. lawmakers have demanded to see White House legal justifications for targeting U.S. citizens abroad, and to know whether Obama thinks he has the authority to use drones to kill Americans on U.S. soil."That in itself is friggen scary.

Just like Obummer, he is bombarding countries with drones and using the weapons on them constently.  Now that he has the worlds attention on the use of them, he wants nobody else to use them.  Now we will have to have guidelines for everyone else.  Another do as I say not as I do.

obummer the drone king is now worried his name could be printed on the outside of one.

Community Organizing isn't enough experience for this job at this time.

This is exactly what Nazi Germany did, remove all adversity (take the weapons away from the public) use a killing machine to secure absolute power! Educate and brainwash the young to your way of thought (Brownies) AKA The New Black Panthers, Kenya dig it!

YOUR SAND GOD

do we agree that this person sucks?

For the first time in my life I'm embarrassed to be an American.

Gooood job liberals!  This is what happens when you ask the government to take care of you!  Hey, if I was giving you everything, I'd want to know what the hell you were doing.

Why do we need special rules for drones? We have rules of war already, they cover drones and all aircrafts. Technically, drone is just a small aircraft, drone attack is not any different from any airstrike. Legaly, drone strike is not different from sending troops and killing everybody inside the building. If other countries, such as Pakistan and Yemen, are comfortable with the US conducting airstrikes, it's between these countries and the US.Obama's an iincompetent dork. plain and simple!

We set the precedent for using this technological remote assassination weapon and now every country that can build one will be using them too!  And now we want to establish some rules for using these weapons to kill enemy combatants and deal with the acceptable collateral damage to innocent civilians without being guilty of murder!

Just another tool to slaughter one another.

FLIP-FLOPPER!!!!! Right, Democrat/liberal/PROGRESSIVES? How about THIS, for a 'guideline'? "None at all, are allowed.".

Think I could get one of those drones to hover outside my patio door while I'm at work?  I want to know what the dogs do to get the couch covers so messed up.

obama  take your drone and go to hell with them and you  were all ways   on bush back  all the time but it's  o.k. for you to do anything want. . who are you going to blame when things go wrong . you are still are a big jerk

Just use the drone on Washington DC!!

Our President is a putz.

Wait til the Taliban gets a Hobby Lobby in their town!

Turnabout is fair play, Mr. President...Drones are cheap, and easy to operate!Bring on the counter drone measures.......

And maybe drones should start following the members of any Congress that is consistently failing to send the president a budget to veto or sign.  Especially those rightwing enemy combatants, as verbally belligerent as they are.  (Just my way of saying I am not fond of this idea of launching a drone strike against any American citizen, executing them without a trial, anywhere, here or overseas, unless they are absolutely positively actively involved in actually fighting at that very moment, just the same as the police might shoot a madman aiming and shooting a gun at them, but not an American citizen just being called an "enemy combatant" by the government and then taken out while they are just out riding around in a car somewhere, like that one American we killed in a drone strike in Syrian once, or while they are just in some house sleeping and eating or whatever.  The proper order is arrest, then a fair trial with a jury of one's peers if requested, and only then, after a verdict of guilty, should an American be sentenced to imprisonment or execution.)

This dunce is the poster boy for abnormal as the new normal.

Obama's armed drones coming soon to a neighborhood near you.

Rules of war! What a bunch of #$%$ this is, always has been and everybody including us have broken them time after time. Even gas that can backfire was used in the eighties by Saddom Hussien. Torture, maimings, burnings, every law has been broken over and over. We make rules because of our own consience on how horrorfying war is, but no one follows them.

Barry is a #$%$ - always pointing his finger.  Like a dictator!

It's bad enough to use them overseas to kill 100 civilians to get one terrorist. It's worse for us that Dictator (Constitution? I Don't Need No Stinking Constitution) Islama wants to use them on American citizens. I keep telling you Kenyan Muslim worshipers, he doesn't give a FK about you. Wake Up Idiots!

Well Bush didn't use drones to observe US citizens at least

Just be prepared to take whatever response comes from the country where the target lives.

I hope one fly's right up his ---.Here is what the "President" should do. He needs to test the drones by dropping his pants and bending forward so the spear end from the drone's nose can be shoved up his _ _ _. Then he will know the real power of the drones! Stop _ _ _ _ _ _ _ with the American people, Mr. "President"!

So we murder people on the ground based on their "behavior profile" without even knowing their identity?  Very cool.  I still can't figure out why these people hate us.

It appears the worm has turned. Obama may be worried someone will want to send a drone his way when he travels abroad! We all reap what we sow.

Why not establish "rules" for who is and is not.. a terrorist?

it was said a year ago that when our enemies have their own drones, how are we going to feel about them flying them over U.S. airspace looking for us.  we've been killing foreign nationals on foreign soil (that we are not at war with).  a 10 year old could have seen this coming.  folks, we have some seriously stupid people driving this bus to hell.

This is good ---- Rules of engagement to blow each other up by remote control. We can sit at home and watch stuff getting blown to bits until our TV station gets taken out.  Why does half the country keep backing this guy?

The use of drones is one of the most sicko war machines I've ever imagined.Certainly the USA wants to be the only one using them. This is the sort of new war that makes everyone despise the US.and label us war-mongers.

Obama needs to learn civility as well as respecting laws of sovereignty

Use of robotics in warfare was inevitable with our ever emerging technology. But it needs to be very closely monitored with total transparency and oversight... When war becomes a video game the potential for abuse is huge... And just imagine when terrorists get a hold of their first drone... This kind of thing can not be allowed to get out of hand by anyone who posses the technology...

what is cheaper a lengthy trail with long term incarceration before and after, or a drone strike. I really don`t know...The Left never ceases to amaze me with their Hypocrisy. Remember when they wanting to charge Bush with War Crimes for wire-tapping terroroists phone calls??? Now its OK to Bomb Americans with Drones???!!! Really??? Where is Cindy Sheehan and all the Code Pink War Protesters???? Thge Left is a bunch of #$%$ and uneducated fools re-elected the Most Evil Thing in my Lifetime to live in our beautiful White House. It will need to be fumingated when they get the #$%$ kicked to the curb. It cant come fast enough

You can get a sense of the Obama Administration's honesty and openness by looking at; Solyndra,Fast and Furious,secret EPA emails,Benghazi, and most of all Obamacare. He lies like a bear-skin rug.

Not good when Iran steals a drone, and Russia and China are making them.

you know, if Hitler had this kind of technology long ago..I think he would use them on his people and the world...kind of sounds familiar now...you really think the government cares for you??? I don't think so!!!

Civilian oversight of the use of drones is the only thing that will keep the military from using them indiscriminately.

Obama to the world, we promise to use drones only those in the US that disagree with me.

The Time Machine explains it all, when the bomb goes off it is over, planet of the apes ring a bell.

So what happens when the Chinese use American justification to invade American airspace in order to drone strike one of the Chinese dissidents we harbor here?

Drones are a crime against humanity, figure it out before your time runs out.

Th Washington Post FINALLY summed up the LIAR owebuma soetoro as the LOSER America has known he is! Unfortunately it takes time to rid America of the FRAUD as the leftnut libturd media pukes ignored the LIES of owebuma. When owebuma LIES, people DIE! Time for the impeachment proceedings.So if Obama is trying to set the standards for other countries use of drones, does this include them being able to kill their own citizens on their own soil without due process as well?

Drone rule #1. NO DRONES OVER AMERICA, FOR ANY REASON!

Others are now getting them so we want regulations on it now. What is next a Drone Non proliferation Treaty where everyone pledges to not share drone tech, to get rid of their drones in the future and to work together in harmony and peace?Why does that treaty sound so familiar?

we have it...we've used it any way we pleased...now someone else might get it...so we want it regulated...lmao...can you say---hypocrite?

A drone is an aircraft.......  Violate someones airspace and get shot down........ No new rules needed.

So many people did not have a problem with the drones until now. Some even now still defend their use. The true way to judge it is to reverse the concept. As an example and a way to look at it from the point of view of many of the people in the middle east consider this. An American soldier while stationed in Iraq killed several innocent women and children but had never been tried for it. He is now on leave back home in the U.S.A.. He happens to go to a restaurant your family is dining at. Several members of a middle east military unit have photo's of this soldier doing those things and send a drone to that restaurant and using the cameras on board confirm he is in fact there and launches a missile into it from the drone destroying the restaurant and your family. How do you feel about that? Then The president of that country dismisses the civilian casualties as minor collateral damage.

Crazy SOB!!.. If Hitler was alive, he would pin a medal on him!

Obama has a monopoly on drones. All of his mindless supporters are drones.

As well as attempting to financially ruin this country he has now put us in jeopardy of drone strikes from other BIG powerhouse countries. The man is going to take us down.

Obummer just plain sucks at everything he does I say IMPEACH his lieing #$%$ NOW !!!Obama has no problem planting a missile on a neighborhood where children are playing via drone attack, but has a big issue with someone legally possessing an AR-15 for protection.

New World Order is his game on team Soros.  Recently carrier troops came through TN they were stopped by the TN Militia they were Easter European they had papers from Home Land Security and they wore new uniforms with an eagle on each shoulder.  Home Land Security ordered 1.4 billion rounds of HP you can not find ammo on any store shelves, whats going on?

This latest revelation puts him at a 6,6, 5 &amp; 7/8 on the 666 scale.

We have a drone as president, he is controlled much like a puppet.

Every one thinks drones are war ships most are smaller than a model airplane and are for surveillance.

Technological developments bring as many problems as solutions.  That is why the USA now seeks to put controls on the use of drones.   It is similar to the developments in nuclear technology especially within countries such as North Korea and Iran.  So long as we were able to weild these powerful weapons, then things were just fine.  When the other guy wants to have the same capabilities we seek to prevent or limit their use.  Unfortunately pandora's box has been opened and something ugly emerges.

Olympus must fall   !

now that we arent the only ones we want to overstep our bounds again and tell them how to use them.soon instead of missles they will release smaller dragonfly or locust size drones to deliver a poison payload to unsuspecting targets ...now where have i heard this

The days are near when drones replace real fighter pilots in dogfights. Just like therobots in the auto industry.

The owner of the Phoenix Suns basketball team, Robert Sarver, came out strongly opposingAZ's new immigration laws.Arizona 's Governor, Jan Brewer, released the following statement in response to Sarver's criticism of the new law:  "What if the owners of the Suns discovered that hordes of people were sneaking into games without paying? What if they had a good idea who the gate-crashers are but the ushers and security personnel were not allowed to ask these folks to produce their ticket stubs, thus non-paying attendees couldn't be ejected. Furthermore, what if Suns' ownership was expected to provide those who sneaked in with complimentary eats and drink? And what if, on those days when a gate-crasher became ill or injured, the Suns had to provide free medical care and shelter?"When you hear how china officials "decided not to kill a suspect" you realize how far away from constitutional Obama's secret kill list is.

I did vote for hope and change the first time, but I went back and wrote down everything Obama said during his initial campaigne and everything he said during his first administration: taxes, war powers, torture, Guantanamo, transparency, health care, unemployment, federal deficit . . . Every one. . . every one has been a lie. At some point people have to wake up and recognize he is a deceiver.

He just loves  having this power, doesn't he?

What happens Mr Obama, when a drone from another country flies over the US and strikes at a different terrorist target?  Or maybe if 20 drones from another country fly over the US looking for targets of opportunity, what then? .A terrorist to another country may be perceived as a friend to the US politicians.   What if the drone is really a cruise missle platform?  Will it be different when it is someone else sending drones out to kill their enemies?

Obama has already set the standard. Unfortunately when you create the terrorist, then become the terrorist to fight the terrorist and begin labeling your own citizens as terrorists if they stand for the constitution... no one is listening,,, not even the country he governs..

I LIKE DRONES!

Who does Barry think he is now, King of the World? The Chinese are robbing us blind, hacking sensitive US computer systems, and he thinks they're going to actually LISTEN to him? Obama is SEVERELY deluded.

There's a difference:  Obama is using his drones to kill other Americans.

Why are people wasting their time on this issue. No matter what promises from the regime or legal edicts are established to limit drone use over the US, you must have an honorable administration to follow them. The cat is already out of the bag. Didn't you all find it interesting how the media exploded with news stories on drone use by everyone including their grandmother being common place over the last couple months? The regime knew they would never get public approval to use drones at Barry's discretion on Americans added to "The Kill List". They had to create the story that drone use is commonplace so they can hide the ones they VERY MUCH plan to use. Don't you guys know about the 10 pound cellulose wrapped warhead for the Predator that leaves no shell casings or residue? Do you remember the house in Indiana last November that exploded due to "natural gas"? That story just kinda went away... didn't it?! Do you remember the Navy laser test where Adm. Matthew Klunder stated on Oct 23 of last year they were just two years away from a field-able laser weapon? A laser on a high altitude drone could be used to mask a number of kills from silent to burning down the building around the kill. Just think about it people!

Maybe we should take a good look at how we interact with the world at large.Just as Holder said that this evil administration would not kill Americans with drones, Barry Soetoro said he wouldn't sign the NDAA, which makes it possible to do just that, and then did. IMPEACH before it's too late.

Well America, you voted for this. NOw welcome to the NEw World Order this man is ushering in. Obama will make Hitler look like a boy scout.

Anyone else ever see the "Terminator" Movies?!

Obama is nothing more than a Jessie Jackson Jr or a Kwami Kilpatrick with the exception Obama has not bit the hand that feeds him but give him time he will cause you might be able to take a Rat out of the Getto but you can't take the Getto out of the Rat!

Obama did not win his 2nd term he stole it.He was not prepared for a 2nd term and was shocked like the rest of us.If the Democrats win the Senate in 14 we are doomed. Save your ammunition.

The secret service will have a hard time protecting future presidents with drones flying around.

He can't risk having to interrogate prisoners soooo he just kills them....Remember water-boarding and Gitmo?? hmmmmmm

obama needs to be tried for being a nazi type war criminal,,,,,,where is our congress at on this atrocity,,,and too even think,,of using them on american soil,,,,for anything,,,

Don't want to pay for your Obamacare, watch out for hovering drones.

Actually he didn't win the Nobel Peace Prize. it was the "Noel" piece prize given out by the Gay &amp; lesbian community that he so dearly loves ==== YUCK -Puke !They wonder if China’s technology is as good as ours! Are you funking kidding, all the build hardware came from them!

Let's hope owebama gets nailed by one of our own drones he sent to the iranians. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.

The real Drone is the Empty Suit elected by the useful idiot Democrats.

Do over ......new rule, you cant use it on me.

i just love that = no heads of state will be killed using drones - its ok for the rest of us, just not the IMPORTANT people.  nuff said.

Despite the occasional, unfortunate civilian deaths, the drone program is a huge accomplishment. Can you imagine how many civilian casualties there would be if ground forces were used instead? It's amazing how the left, the psychotic far right and the UN are all turning on Obama for finally doing something right.I supported Romney during the last election but my hat goes off to Obama on this one. Well done Mr. President.

Since Obama was elected in 2008, he has added 12,146 people to Food Stamps, per DAY ! Everyday including Sundays. Good luck America ! Obama has created a dependent population much larger than our economy can take care of.

Maybe due to the manufacturers of these and their campaign funds they gave Obama?They have a caucus for this: unmannedsystemscaucus.mckeon.house.gov/

Sooner or later, the terrorists will probably get access to drones via China or Russia.I guess the next thing we need to work on is anti-drone technology. It never seems to end.

Is this Obummer guy "Nuts"? Is he asking to get permission? Re: tactics, morals or ethics to rules of engagement? This guy is an absolute moron.Is this Obummer guy "Nuts"? Is he asking to get permission? Re: tactics, morals or ethics to rules of engagement? This guy is an absolute moron.

If you like BO - Pull my Finger...

I can picture this now the senior commander in Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard drops a drone on Obama's lap.

Obama is an ignorant teleprompter reading 1/2 African Arab Mu-slime want-a-be dictator!

IMPEACH!

Hey American Taxpayer...did you know that in 2000 we the people paid for 50 drones...we now have paid for 7000 drones...in 2012 budget President Obama asked for another $5 Billion for additional drones...so since we have already have paid for 7000 drones...do we have 7000 drones flying over all of us in the US and across the globe as well checking in on us and Why?....Why do we need to go into further national debt for more when we cutting veteran health care benefits and veteran education benefits for sequestration...if yaho writers were investigative reporters they would be asking the same basic questions of misuse of our Paychecks...the answer is Campaign money donor Guarantees...give me money to win and I will guarantee more defense misuse of money for additional unneeded drones...then I will tell everyone we need to cut veteran benefits knowing full well that we need no more drones!

OBAMA is a threat to all . as well as national security and to all whom want to have their private parts not played WITH.

They sent a boy to White House to do the man's job...the most useless, clueless, least qualified president ever...

This administration is very scary..beware America be very aware

The truth is never very far away.  "Don't start no Chit, and there won't be no Chit.The truth is never very far away.  "Don't start no Chit, and there won't be no Chit.

Now after Obama has seen other countries developing their own Drowns he is alarmed. He now wants to sit down for a cup of coffee with them and discuss the matter. Where have we heard this before?

0webombya the drone king...terrorist in chief

So far the only rule has been "because Obama wants it".  Ostensibly, the press's job is to hold him accountable.  You see how well that has worked.

Obama seeks global rules, King Obingo have spoken .

Come in Planet Earth.. RUN!! obama is going to tke over. RUN!!

OBOZO - A very dangerous CLOWN. Time for a drone to drop one on the WH.

This is nothing new USA has adopted the same hypocritical standpoint on nuclear technology for years. flying into another country and bombing specif people against the will of that country laws and with out due process or a trail is not legit that's the move of tyrannical global bully. Ask yourself would USA tolerate Russia doing the same to Us ?

Maybe YAHOO will put up the cash to try himNo one propagandized for him more than YAHOO

"Whether Obama thinks he has the authority to use drones to kill Americans on U.S. soil."The mandate to the F.A.A. went out last year to prepare the nation's air traffic grid for compatability with drone use in American airspace. WHY? Why do we need drones flying over American cities and towns? A government spying on it's own people is a government out of control.isn't it illegal to behead hostages too?

Ya know where he can stick that finger.........

As drone monopoly frays, Obama seeks global rules. DO YOU THINK SO?   Why with the rules now, When he was ordering Kills in the ARAB countries, there was only one rule, the OBAMA RULE. This is his subconscious speaking, he know he has been doing wrong to other countries civilians population and he would hate to have the same  happening to the AMERICAN people from a CHINEESE OR RUSSIAN DRONE.

The second that any American is Killed on our soil by a drone with out due process of law will be the second that Americans will stand up and say enough is enough. Every American is covered under the Constitution and the Bill Of Rights even over seas. What gives Washington the right to take a life without a trial? Oh and the civilians that have been killed by the drones aren't they just as important as people murdered in our country?

He is a drone!

Love  drones  saves  kids  lives  and  limbs .

WOLVERINES

Anyone that doesn't folow Obama blindly is a racist.

BTW: All democrats are Socialists.

Why should the rules for drones be any different than those for manned aircraft?Apparently innocent until proven guilty no longer applies in the US. Now obama feels it's OK to kill suspects at his discretion.

Oh, now the great Emperor and El Supremo, Obama, wants rules...for others to follow now that he won't have the only killer drones.

As Bob Woodward so accurately stated, BHO is good at "moving the goalposts."  He did it (and continues to do it) with the budget.  Now he is doing it with the use of drones.

Ok folks I'm gonna date myself but remember the old Mission Impossible serries? Wasn't the IMF phenomenal? Why? Because they didn't have to assinate or abduct anyone, yet they achieve success in mitigateing enemies of the US, how? The serries used a tried and true formula of manipulation and control; "plant the suggestion, re-enforce the belief"Can we fight Al Queda's religous war with bombs or tanks or guns? No because that will never destroy Al Queda's resolve to fight. To destroy Al Queda you need to destroy its ideaology. How? When Bin Ladin was alive the US should have concocted images of Bin Ladin and other Al Queda leaders in compromising sexual encounters, like animals, boys and/ or men, images of Al Queda leadership drinking and condoning behaviors that are unacceptable by Musilum standards, hack Al Queda websites and publish those images as factual discoveries. Use anonymous ads in papers with similar censored images and hype. The objective is to plant the suggestion in the minds of gulible young Musilums. It doesn't matter if people challenge the authenticity of the information, it ultimately boils down to when a Al Queda is recruting a member and the young man asks: "Did Bin Laden really do a dog?" LOL That my friends is the begining of the end, the minds have been seeded and now its one big joke.Don't think that would work...well then think about when people see those images in the Inquirer or the Star,  it has an effect on the general public, it seeds their minds with an idea and it can and has destroyed the credibility of a celebrities! This is how powerful the media is, and it is the weapon of choice against stuborn ideologies.To win agianst this new enemy we can't use traditional war plans, we need the IMF. Can you hear the theme song?...

We need to stop asking advice and/or permission from other countries about how to run our own, AND we need to stop trying to be like other countries!  We DON'T want to be Socialist, Communists, Marxist, or anything other than "The Republic" for which we stand!!  We don't need your 'CHANGE" Obama!!

ACLU: the most un-American group their is.

Obama has more kills then any other Nobel Peace Prize winner in History.....W...T....?

What China needs drones for? They have 2 billion people ready to commit suicide for their leadership. Drones are only necessary for countries like USA, where public outcry after too many dead soldiers can have serious political consequences.

When will the U.N. come up with some form of Drone Control?

Blatantly obvious obama is trying to cover his #$%$ after the fact so he can claim to be above everyone else.  He is a brown turd.This is the beginning of Drone MAD (mutually assured destruction).   Right now we have a Drone Gap, we need to build build build more drones.   Rob medicare and the rich to build and pay for em, don't wanna be caught in a Drone Gap.   And we need to be ready for whomever uses em first.  We need all kinds of drones, too,  And drone ships and drone handlers, and drone controllers.  Dam the people's needs WE NEED DRONES.

Obama= idiot giving away our soveriegnty to the UN

When you play in dog $)(it, you just naturally get some on yourself and stink, Mr. President!

History is sure to be very unkind to this Bozo, unless of course we turn socialist or communist.  Then they will simply re-write the sordid history into something it wasn't to make em look good.

trusting obama ? dont think so he is a power hungery fool .who in the end will reap what he sows

who the #$%$ does he think he is to set standards after what he has done with them...making the US look really bad...

We can't expect other nations to not seek and use drones. It's like the domino effect with nukes. Once we had it, every nation, friendly or unfriendly wanted them.THAT's what our government needs to consider when developing these weapons of war.

Get ready for the Drone non-proliferation Treaty.

last summer I saw one flying around my neighborhood, no joke.  I didn't know what it was at the time, but thought it was some RC hobbyist.  Now I know it was a drone.  They are already here in the US.

Nothing will change until we the people of the united states of america stand up for our rights and say no to the government we LET destory our country a little more every day. Obama is worthless and so is congress, yet we let them take our rights as we get closer and closer to becoming a communist country. What ever happend to "of the people, by the people and for the people"?How about we just get ourselves a new president- this one is defective.

it wont be long now  and there will be a strike on america soil ..pray you wont be in the wrong place at the wrong time .. now that the liberals have taken over  we will just put them in time out  instead of nukeing them

HEAD LINE:DRONES OVER WASHINGTON! gee thanks for sharing Obama.

Why do the liberals love Oblamer and hate Bush? Why do the Neocons love Bush and hate Oblamer? They are nearly identical in their policies.

Nobody has a monopoly on technology forever and it's just a matter of time until other countries have drone technology. Most likely it will be a technologically advanced country but in time it will work it's way down to less developed less "responsible" countries. Some agreements do need to be made that at least technologically advanced countries will respect.In time I'm sure someone will figure out how to take over control of another nations drones. It's inevitable. Agreements do need to be made now rather than later.

The main concern of too many posters is not whether the use of drones to kill people in other sovereign countries is legal or not.  It's what's going to happen when some liberal socialist Marxist like Obama decides to kill American citizens on their own soil.  The reasoning seems to be that it doesn't matter how many of THEM we kill, or who gets to decide, because the ultimate enemy is our own government.  That's why we need assault weapons too.  There's an element of insanity in this.

If America has a monopoly, no rules wanted or allowed, anything goes, but as soon as somebody else has them, "that's different".  This kind of hypocrisy seems more like Bush, Cheney, and the GOOPs - but the Dems have shown it in the past with their supine acceptance of Israel's refusal to admit it has nukes or join the IAEA, and refusal to sign on to the International Court of Justice, even while cheering when the court goes after "war criminals" we do not like, meaning those who are not on our side.  Tough to be "respected moral leader and cop of the world"  that way, hard sell even to Americans, who are world class Doublethinkers.Maybe the cynics are right, there is really only one political party in America, it just has two different sections and names.

lol....goooooooooooooooooooood luck...remember what happened with nukes? the dirty bomb...india and pakistan? north korea? soon to be iran?

nobody in the gop seem to care that we went to war with iraq over something that did not exist and ended of killing and maiming thousands of our military, which is still happening, but do not condone the use of drones to rid us of our enemies. they not only don't condone it, they are crying for the worthless turbin heads. as a veteran i say go for it!!! these turbin heads would cut your throat in a minute so do whatever to rid ourselves of them. go drones!!!!!

you have to have a search warrant to put someone under surveillance.  has anyone in Washington read the constitution lately??????The Republican's have their own drone,it is called Fox News.

Why were 2 drones delivered to Dothan, Alabama? Were they meant for Dothan,Arizona to watch the border? Or not. And why isn't more reported about dronesin America?

It's hard for him to set standards when he is SUBSTANDARD to begin with. What a Putz.

What a loser. After HE USES THEM for his reasons  HE WANTS RULES GOVERNING THE  USE OF THEM BY OTHERS. HA !! What a jokeWhat's the matter OBAMA are you afraid someone may target you or your family overseas? You have you secret service to protect you but how do you or any of us protect ourselves against them. your the one who uses them the most in the world.and we're afraid  that you would not hesitate to use them here against us.Rule #1 should be that it is against the law to use them on any American Citizens on US SOIL. for any reason whether to kill us or to spy on us. Obama believe it or not this is still a free nation of free people in spite of you and your cohorts.

He thinks that he is untouchable, but when the Chinese &amp; Russians have their own he won't even be safe. Enjoy sleepless nights obama because the world hates you.

How is that different than the idea it is Ok for US to have nuclear weapons not others. It is like an parent who is advising a child do what I say not what I do . It has not worked before  from what I know why is it going to work now.  There needs to be thinking out of  the box our traditional ways of solving crisis has been sucessful to certain extent but not entirely. Any suggestion are great to have.

someone just needs to send the program commands" return to sender"

Barack Hussein Obama; the most hated POTUS ever.This is his legacy (well and destroying the America we once knew and our children will never know).

I''ll bet Obama orders drone attacks on US soil even before other countries do. He wants your guns, your money, and your internal combustion engines.

Obama will announce the unveiling of a new powerful drone called the "Moochelle". This drone will not fire missiles. It will descend on an enemy country and devour its food supplies.More "one-world-government" bulls*it from the idiot in charge.

i hope JESUS rewrites the program and it flys right up boumbaboumaasswhile he is bangin bidininthe@$$ and boomxxoo

Can someone or some group please hack the onboard navigating/targeting system of one of these drones and have it fire upon mini Hiler oblamo? That would be great... thanks!

Be careful what you say about Obama.... There may be a drone flying over your house.  After all he is under the impression that he has the authority to kill Americans in America.

Using American military weaponry against fredom-minded Amercan citizens on American soil and no-one sees any obsenity in that?? No violation of his oath of office to defend and support the Constitution

So we can violate a country's air space and actually kill their citizens.  So when China does that to us we have nothing to complain about.

Mr. Obama is working on our liberty,little bites at a time.One world order is his game ,let there be "NO DOUBT ABOUT IT".

Mr Obama checked off yet another item on his list of "Things which I once vehemently condemned and now advocate" list.If "Signature Strikes" aren't racial profiling taken to an absolute extreme, I don't know what they are.

LOL! No rules while the US was the only ones bombing foreign nations, but now that the other nations are going to use the same technology, there has to be guidelines and rules? You people realize this labels the US as a bully and a coward, right?

ABSURD, like the government will obey its own rules. Every time the Government makes a rule it is simply to fool the people and then they break the rule but claim it was for the good of the people.  Trust me in Arlington Texas, The FAA just gave Arlington POLICE  permission to use drones. They are the largest city to be approved so far, but you know they are just a testing city and the drones will fly over Dallas and other large cities. ......then they will claim oops we cannot judge the boundaries of the cities from the air...get ready people...They can hover for hours over your house, film, photograph, eaves drop whatever they want to do. .I take it the unemployment rate is still above 18% as it has been for the last 4 years?

What are our judges doing? How is legal?

Any disgruntled worldwide drone strike victims...  Pretendident Oblamer can be "reached" at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington D.C..

Du Furher, creates his Gestapo, Homeland Security. He creates the new Hitler Youth, in FEMA. And now creates his own unmanned war machine. Barry needs to go!

You wanna know why drone strikes are getting more frequent and they are pushing for them on American Soil?  Very Simple: It´s a lot easier to kill someone looking through a monitor then having to look at the person in the eyes before you kill him.

Foreign drone coming to a neighborhood near you!

I couldn't wait for a drone to mistakenly kill an innocent, especially when that innocent is an Obama's loved one......

Obamabots just want to kill Patriots so they won't have any opposition. They hate anyone that doesn't believe as they do. They are the new Nazi Party.

Look at what the US totalitarian government has unleashed; instead of stopping the obviously and blatantly illegal and immoral murdering, other governments want to use the US validation of government assassinations to kill suspects in criminal cases.  The world has gone mad and the US is the architect of the madness and murderous actions.  Where has America gone?

yea obama wants rules for everything except speding ,well by him anyway!!!!!!!!!There were NO RULES on August 6th and 9th 1945 either.     U Better Think before U condemn .... What do U suppose the world would be like NOW if the world had not established any rules on NUKES?

Why not a global drone treaty, every other global treat is strictly adhered too.  What a president putz.

peace prize - and first and second election, voter fraud, coupled with freeloaders and low info voters.  its what makes the world go round.  lol, does obummer realize he is NOW one of the hated 1 percenters he loves to bash,

The Cult of Obama tried to make him a god but he said he was already god.

Hey liberals...where is all the outrage about illegal killings?

This Vile Gay Crack Smoking Muslim POS is Laughed at by the entire Planet..

What a shame that we skipped the Iron Man suits and went straight to Drones.

Can a drone take 11m people back to Mexico?

Israel is nothing more than a glorified "gated community". Americans need to pool together and buy big areas of land and create gated communities modeled after Israel; complete with Iron Dome missile defense systems, F-16 aircraft, tanks, drones, and yes Senator Feinstein...bazookas!!

Arm this country to the teeth!! But other country at notice!He is becoming the worst terrorist,of them all.To think he thinks he has the right to use drone strikes on United States soil,to kill Americans,just goes to show you how little he cares about the American people.And the worst thing is to let law enforcement have drones  they will use them just because they can,that's how they think.Every body is a criminal to a cop,even kids.they are the most none caring people on this earth when it comes to federal run cops.what makes Arm forces different is they won't kill their own,but cops do cause that is what they do in their job.they deal with Americans that's how we will get droned,by president ordering them to.No thought ,no care, just do.and we are suppose to think them heroes.

Obama is proof that the Nobel peace prize is a joke...like everything else liberal

Obama is ok murdering American citizens but wants to make sure to give known Al Quaida terrorists civilian trials in New York.He also abused the drone program and lost at least 2 of them in Iran.He's the most reckless, shiftless loser we've ever had as president. He cares more for our enemies than us. He wastes our money and says we don't give him enough. He tells us what to eat through his virago nut crusher or a wife of convenience Michelle. He's worse than Jimmy Carter and that's the cold standard for presidents who sucked.

"Gun control" laws belong to the American people to obey or not obey.   No foreign countries have the right to tell us how to conduct our business within our borders.   Now we are going to allow foreign interests to tell us the rules of this new technology.   I say we have the right and duty to take out the bad guys whenever and wherever they are.   F*** the ACLU.   When did the ACLU ever stand up for the majority of us?

Only in Ameritardia can one become president of the country never having had a paying job before...Meantime, McDonald's and alike insist on some prior experience. Go figure...

Now when a drone kills a US Citizen on American soil he can blame it on another country,

We need to develope the technology to counter their drones. Keep ahead and keep it secret.

Another Irrate Muslim with a Dream   !

oBAMA IS THE BIGGEST FAKE AND WORST LEADER EVER

Is ANYBODY getting this???"signature" strikes, which allowed targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity"So what's the Idiot In Chief gonna do when another country send it's drone(s) over here?Drone the drones?

Now that other governments have and want to use the same technology used to indiscriminately kill there must be "rules"? Just a bit of hiprocacy in my opinion.

All that's left is to put Skynet on automatic. God help us all.

Obama: "We've got to put Genie back into bottle!"

SKYNET......its coming.

Phony poophead president. I hope the robot soldiers catch you later and drill holes in your face and torture you for an entire year

Are you kidding me...??? That idiot wants other countries to decide how, when and where we use our technology to defend our country. Moronic at best...

This should work out about as well if not better as all the gun laws &amp; rules that are in place.

MY SON BARAK HUSSEIN OBAMAyou know the nobel peace prize winneris only here to help you all with his unrestrained &amp; unlimited power to kill you

Hello "New World Order"gay basterd O.

There cannot be one rule for the US and another for the rest of the world.Of all countries the US must play by the rules as it has the most to lose by not doing. As we  so clearly here and yet ,time and time again the US breaks fundamental lawsObama has broken every international rule in the book over these drone assassinations and executions  which include also US citizens and many innocent people and their families .Because of what Obama has done and the precedent he has set   what is to stop this escalation and what is the incentive for any-one to have these discussions with the US  or the UN who has failed to condone the US .Obama's world of double standards is coming back to haunt him in the form of his own drone strikes !

That awkward moment when your NobelPeace prize-winning President won’t promiseNOT TO KILLUS citizens ?Martin Luther King: I HAVE A DREAM...Obama: I HAVE A DRONE...

Future war: Every soldier will have a small swarm of single use, armed and very long hang time drones buzzing high above him on the battle field. The soldier's personal swarm of kamikaze drones will dive into the enemy position when he wills and no one else would be able to command his personal swarm. At the end of an engagement the soldier will order his swarm to self destruct high in the air where they can't do any damage to anyone. The soldier can do this because these drones will be too cheap to bother with. The countermeasure will be super drones designed to explode above the swarms to eliminate as many of the soldiers' personal swarms as possible.If we aren't very careful this technology will drift down into the private sphere and we will all need our own personal swarm just to be safe walking down our city streets. That's not a possible future that any of us wants, so we need to think very hard about the ground rules that determine the future of these frightening things called drones.

Excuse me! how do they differentiate between the so called militants and tribal clan???

"obama seeks Global rules" -- I guess he was reminded of his younger days, when he andhis friends would play 'tag' in the desert .... And, knowing obama, all the kids who couldrun faster had to 'sacrifice a little more' and let the slower kids have a 15 min. head start.

Obama wanted to look tough so badly he didn't think of the consequences. I also noticed Yahoo still tried to blame Bush. No this is Obama's baby. I don't fault him for using drones. I fault him for not having a clearly established legal framework in which the drone program would operate. I thought he was a Democrat not a Republican war hawk.

I'm sure our good leaders will freely share how to information with our enemies to make them happy

See what happens when you give a darkie power ? The only thing worse would be a woman.

Obama's ten comandments are? Thou may not spend more than you make, or strike by drone..there's a gunman about to cause a massacre in a school.should we take him out with a drone?naaaah. so far a teacher, principal, 5 police, and 12 students are shot. let's just talk to him some more....pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...pop...

I hope another Country flies a Drone up his azszszsz

Hey, Obummer, why don't we use the drones to hunt down illegal aliens?  Like you and your aunt?

As long as Obama is not at war with anyone in the US, the government can not deploy them in the US against anyone. Will the war on terror find its way to be fought here in our streets? Amongst us? The South will NEVER burn again.

Yeah let's go back to carpet bombing and bunker busters and daisey cutters, those have no civilian casualties! And we need more boots on the ground, flag and casket sales are down and there might be layoffs!!

be a true shame if someone reprogrammed one of the dog eaters drones to target the once white house

The entire world is spiraling into degeneration. Socialism is bringing countries to their knees, economically and socially. Hostile nations run by mad men like Iran and North Korea, have or are on the verge of having, nuclear weapons. Anti-white racism, and anti-Christian hate is dominating the world. Mental illness and perverted lifestyle choices are now nurtured and encouraged. In our own country, illegal aliens are given ultimate respect, immunity, and special rights while legal immigrants and legal citizens are #$%$ upon and condemned. Our current government is not only a pack of wimpy cowards, but they only want to strip away our rights, enslave us, and spend all of our money on everything EXCEPT us and our country.The sooner this world ends, the better. Lunatics and the de-evolved have outnumbered the sane, and the intelligent and now everyone has to suffer as a result.

You know there are many 3rd world countries harboring grudges against the United States and we've been using Drones in their countries without asking permission for 10 years with impunity. I really don't know how you would defend against an RC plane.

This man is simply MAD! His vision of using Skynet to control the World is Nuts and soon a few dozen Nations will retaliate and put America IN ITS PLACE!

obama sick your drones up your you know were ,you don't  care for the people.A new war will begin.

The death of the greatest republic the world has ever known.........at the hands of an illegal alien, drone lord...............    Pathetic POS.

What are Barry Sotero's thoughts today or are we due for another vacation

Oblamo.... Lord of the flies,... OOPS, I mean Lord of the Drones...

Ammo (hollow points by the way) , light armoured vehicles. detention camps, drones........what are we preparing for in our country? Dollar collapse? Riots?, arrest those that are gun packing Christians? You tell me.

With any luck, some foreign hostile country will use a drone on Obama.

BaWreck doesn't need to worry about anything GLOBAL     .  He Lacks the ability to effect anything of consequence here in America  ,  other than #$%$ away Our economy and allowing millions and milllions of illegals to stay  , and  encouraging  a #$%$ load of muslims to wade on IN  , thinking they're home . .....Trying to DisArm all of Our Citizens ...When Ya add it all up     ,    He's just a f.... wreck looking for a place to happen  .

We're nearing the end now. Progress into Extinction!

now that oBUMa knows other countries have the tech to build and use drones,, we need rules now? how pathetic

Kill Islamic terrorists whereever and whenever they can be found.  We have two choices - we can kill them there - or - we can kill them here.  There are no other choices.  None!  But, let's be clear here - we do have have to kill them!Conclusive Proof that Socialists are Hypocrites:Union Hypocrisy: SEIU’s Staff Votes to StrikeSunday, March 17, 2013Screen Shot 2013-03-17 at 4.08.25 PMIn San Francisco, SEIU staff, represented by the left-wing Communications Workers of America, has been without a contract since their contract expired last September.SEIU boss Roxanne Sanchez, according to the San Francisco Bay Guardian, is trying to get her union staff to give concessions on their pensions and health care.Last week, after months without a contract, 94% of the SEIU’s own union staff voted to strike.After several cancelled negotiating sessions between the two sides (which haven’t met since our story was published), CWA last week called for a strike authorization vote that was approved by 94 percent of voting members. CWA Area Director Libby Sayre and Nick Peraino, a CWA shop steward at Local 1021, say the vote repudiates Sanchez’s characterization that it is a small but vocal group that is unhappy with management.“We’re very much united in our position and our willingness to do what it takes to get a decent contract,” Peraino told us. Sayre told the Guardian, “There is widespread sentiment they’re being low-balled by management.”Of course, this isn’t the first time the purple behemoth’s staff has had troubles with its own union staff.In 2009, then SEIU-boss Anna Burger was the target of union picketing by her own employees over the SEIU bosses’ laying off one third of its union staff.

War-making technology can always be bought, copied, or stolen.  How will Washington politicians feel if they are ever on the receiving end of a drone strike?

The "Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF)" should be repealed by congress. Our attacks on random persons as determined by the President are immoral and unjust. He needs to provide no proof that targets are actively involved in acts of war or aggression against this country. They are simply random killings. I am not proud of what our country is doing in the name of the war on terror.

o'bama promised "transparency" in "his" white house..  - horsesht.  o'bama is a friggin liar that should be thrown out on his scrawny a z z z z on the sidewalk of 1600 penn ave.

IMPEACH THE POS!

QUICK! Cover our tracks with made up LAWS After the FACT WE KILLED HUNDREDS of Civilians...

The Code Pink smunts are hypocrites, or the blo-bama media is protecting their Messiah by preventing him from looking like his cousin, GWB.

Obama, we have a constitution....Read it  sometime while you are flying around going on vacations, golfing and on the never ending campaign trail. You could find it enlightening.....

This guy has done everything we hated about Bush and pushed forward from that thought. He's just as inmoral and much more poisonoues than his predecesor

tyranny at its finest. when we are the only ones with drones there are no rules, we fly them wherever we want, whenever we want, and kill whomever we want. now that others are gaining the tech, we want to establish rules for their use, what a laugh. o-bomb-a tried to hide this program for years, denied its existance, and gave express orders to his PS not to acknowledge the program, i guess thats what he meant when he was talking about transparancy in his government. you know what, its not "his" government, it is our government and this man and others need to be held accountable for their actions and punished accordingly. maybe china and or north korea will race to see who can hit the WH first.Yahoo and most of the mainstream media need to investigate this guy instead of always praising everything he does. I just hope history books show his arrogance and stupidity instead of just being the first black president.

Things that could of been avoided by simply preserving the Constitution .

Odummer is causing a s,h,i,t   storm across the globe

I'm afraid this is only the beginning, and we put this man in office. I hope you guys are happy.

now we have to invent a wrist band warning device and anti mini missile missiles

What's this man know about rules he trambles the Constitution all the time!

n.w.o. continues to use their shills to push for global policies.

DICTATOR....

I want a drone to survail every single "con"gress person 24/7/365 or 6 for the rest of their lives to ensure they are not abusing their power when running up trillions of dollars of debt per year. They can never be trusted to be offline - even when on the potty. Survail them now.

After WW II, Hitler's henchmen were brought to trial in Nuremburg. Two American citizens were not brought to trial for being associates of terrorist groups, but, were killed by drone attacks. Now we have a terrorist who is being tried in New York, he is not an American citizen, yet, he is garnering Constitutional rights. Does anyone else see the hypocrisy in all of this madness that this POTUS is allowing to go on?Oh boy! Another Grand Bargain in the making.How about one solving one's own problems first? We could make some of our own rules first and set an example.

The overseas use of drones is an entirely legitimate defensive strategy designed to insure the security of the nation from those who openly and proudly have declared war on the US. Drones' domestic use is another matter.

Every couch potato in the USA should have his/her own drone... Then we could go to war on a whim without risking a single US life.

Force being used upon American citizens is against the Constitution. I don't care how you cut it. It is still illegal. But this idiot POS POTUS thinks it is legal.

The haves $$$$$$$$$ &amp; the have not's $$$$$$$$$$$$$$.We need to have a indepentant president elected.Someone who has worked all there lives.That has some common sense &amp; get rid of all the payoffs.Stop business's &amp; goverment working together for there better interest's of people with alot of money &amp; power.No more special interest groups &amp; pay backs &amp; kick backs under the citzen's nose's.If your an elected official they should have no business making business deals with friends or relatives &amp; special interest people.A fair wage for a fair pay with out union prices &amp; costs to stand up for the working man.Slavery is over.

Mr Obama you called others names  and now you do the same thing to write new guidlines for war, ,,,Pure hypocrisy...............

Obama is the guy that said maybe to bombing Americans on U.S. soil without a court trial and even if they were non-combatant. Obama has already killed American non-combatants overseas with no court trial or due process. If he is the one setting the standard for drone rules, beware.

Use the drones on illiegal Alleins

Drone stikes in the USA is ludicrous, are we THAT parnoid?  Our president is fricking nut, and I am so tired of this president and his disregard for the constitution and our amendments!

king obama and his new world order.Hey US government, ......... lol, ........... now the balance has or is changing with respect to the drone issue and availability to other nations.Now the US wants rules in place, ........... how frinkin quaint !!!!This is the same stance the US government takes against its citizens with respect to arming themselves to a degree where they just might exact a chnge in the power structure of the stautus quo !All governments on earth ARE Ligitiment untill the people revolt and make revolution to depose tyrrants, dictators, fasict, communists excetera.

part of the new world order people, wake up before its too late.

I'm 60yrs old and I have never felt more unsure and worried about the position the Gov. has put its people in. There was a time when the Gov worked for the people instead of the other way around. Our tax dollars go to lazy people that won't work, fund un-necessary wars and sent to fund ridiculous programs in countries that hate the USA. Now we have video game war (for real), when the other side gets their "game controller", no one will be safe.

So Mr.President,when does skeet shooting begin?

And why were these "rules" not established several years back?

the problem I see with drone attacks is when they get the Intel wrong, and they do, remember WMD, now if obama is ordering attacks and he kills someone innocent, then he should be held on charges of murder, but you will never get the truth from obama, he doesn’t seem to be running things, so the blame will always go to someone else, mainly his staff which seems to know more than he does.

Why all of a sudden are drones  a hot topic since Obama became President? Are they ay different than a bombing raid ? The first UAV drone created was the Pioneer, which helps to identify artillery and boats   Since its performance was so exemplary, they began to be used more and more, with new models constantly being introduced. As of 2008, the Air Force employed 5,331 drones, which is twice the number of manned planes (Singer, 2009b). Out of these, the Predators  are the most commendable. Unlike other UAVs, the Predator was armed with Hellfire missiles so that it can terminate the target that it locates  This was done after Predators sighted Osama Bin Laden multiple times but could not do anything about it other than send back images. In addition, the Predator is capable of orchestrating attacks by pointing lasers at the targets. This puts a robot in a position to set off an attack. Their overall success is apparent because from June 2005 to June 2006 alone, Predators carried out 2,073 missions, and participated in 242 separate raids

And this dumb #$%$ was given the Noble Prize for Peace?What a joke the Noble Prize has become.But why is no one laughing?Lawrence Klepinger

IMPEACH THE OBAMA THE IDIOT  $$$$$$$%%%%$$###

Then you wonder why bullets sells like candies. Next thing you wonder is why people is not in favor of ban on guns. Later, you'll need civilian ground to air mini tomahawks to defend yourself from hostile drones. Second amendment talks about the right to carry weapon for self-defend, if technology make conventional weapon obsolete; it provides for any citizen to have latest defense weapons. If the thread is real why banning weapons? Why no civilian RPG's? Why not personal tomahawks? After all the idea of second amendment is to have a military reserve in case it is needed for any self-defense. Failing to provide what the constitution was written for creates a power imbalance and is not allowed by the same constitution (The very first document that legitimates government.)once global.......'skynet '' will take over.

2014 American deer hunters out trying to put food on their tables are being killed by drones because they carry a rifle in the mountains. Sorry wrong country.

"Obama's new position is not without irony."This is too much. Is this what Reuters was saying when Bush was in office? Just a casual case of irony? These are the same people trying to bring Bush and Cheney to trial for war crimes, and according to them a secret drone war in countries we are not even at war with including the killing of civilians is ironic to Reuters.

is he gonna seek rules for the drones he sends down main street,USA against his domestic political enemies????

Obama wants to make a deal...only use drones domestically and only kill your own.

Obama " ..is now openly seeking to influence global guidelines for their use as China and other countries pursue their own drone programs."This falls under the category of, "We will do it to you but we don't want you to do it to us, so now that you can, let's set some rules that restrict you from doing it to us, and that we will, as always, ignore."

A drone strike is the most cowardly way to engage your enemy ever.  Oh how I long for the days when men had honor and an insult would lead to a duel.  Only two men who have to deal with the consequences of their actions...not two nations or millions of people.

Our Forefathers knew that if you give a government your Freedoms you will most certainly loose your Liberty and become slaves to that government. The Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are more costly. We don't need to reinvent the constitution and the bill of right but protect them at all costs while labeling citizens that attack them as traitors and punish them, if convicted, by public hanging.

Facts of WAR there is no such thing as non-civilian casualties even with the smart bombs and laser guidance, drones are in some was good for war but not good for law enforcement drones should not be allowed in this country of the United States for any reason, no matter the reason or excuse it should not be allowed.

a monkey in a suit is still a monkey...a pig with lipstick is still a pig...Obama has preached about rules for everything. Higher taxes, more useless gun laws, international guidelines that nobody except us follows. Why not rules on trade with China? Just focus on the economy and the debt for once.

"It's the new normal."  Remember that when these things are flying around your neighborhood.

I've just done a 180 on my opinion of drone use. While I'm still dead set against the domestic use of them against American citizens and non – combatant civilians, I'm now all for the military use of them by every country on earth to pose a threat to one another’s leaders. Just as an armed society is a polite society, when every nation's rulers have to live in daily fear of being taken down by a drone strike from another nation, we'll have a more polite global society. The next step is to produce stealth drones capable of eluding detection by radar and micro drones for assassinations.  Sweet......

Hey, Obama's 'Sky Net' is kicking into high gear!

Oh drones schmones.

Defining targets indirectly through detecting "suspicious behavior" is the equivalent of profiling. It's bad enough as a justification for detaining or arresting someone; it's inexcusable as a justification for murdering them.Drones should be used only for surveillance. They should not be used as platform for killing people from afar, when we have nothing more to justify such actions than appearances.We need to return to being a nation that respects the rule of law, domestically and internationally.

Two points: 1) Obama has put the US at greater risk from foreign attacks than any previous president ever did.  He used drones strikes and even wants to use them against Americans.  The same rationale our enemies will use.  2) As I read the comments defending Obama, his supporters are using the same language used to defend Bush and those before Bush --   to these hypocrites, wise up and support removing Obama.

America is good. Blessed by God. Therefore whatever we do is OK. They are all evil and coming for our wife and kids. Sounds good to me.

NOW you want rules because you arent the only one with a new toy.....good luck with that.

"Buy a shotgun."What is our government going to do when other countries start sending drones to the US to kill Americans? Iran now has stealth drones provided by Obama and his thugs, whats to stop them from striking US with them when we least expect it?

Tribal Chief Obama is at it again. His true colors are showing now that he can't run for another term, he is a liar and hypocrite.

wow if washington had no rules why should other countries?..I want now,ha...

Drones, maybe that is what we need assault weapons for, you think?

Oh now Obama want's "global rules".  The first "global rule" should be to stop targeting killings which more often than not, cause the death of innocents.  And that's no way for a country that portrays itself as the "leader of the free world" to act. I see no objection with using drones to fight against legitimate military targets such as enemy radar sites, tanks, etc.Funny that the article only mentions Russia, and China as the most likely to implement this technology but Iran was the first country to employ armed drones during the imposed Iran/Iraq war in the 1980s, and have also developed the most effective means to counter the threat of drones attempting to penetrate their air space.The US is no longer the sole player in this technology, and that's something the White House, the Pentagon, and the DOD is going to have to accept.

Idiot Nobel Peace Prize winner...................  I hope China drones him.....

The FBI failed its job before 911, they couldn't or wouldn't exchange information with the CIA. And because of that they make up a law to spy on the US citizens, the patriot act. They fail and we get our rights taken away.

Obama wants to restrict drone usage in other countries but he still wants the authority use them against american citizens on american soil.  He also want' assurances that other countries can't use drones in america but still maintain his ability to kill people in countries that we are not at war with.  Has our government gotten completely out of control or what?

It's called "The S.O.S.".The absence of foresight and ability to understand that new technology soon spreads like wildfire. And, like all POTUS' before him, this one is just as totally blind.

If he thinks the Chinese are going to go by the rules he has his head in the sand!!!!If he thinks the Chinese are going to go by the rules he has his head in the sand!!!!

I can't wait to see what happens when Chine kills a "terrorist" on American soil.  Seeing how this country is headed, we'll probably apologize to them.

"...because China and Russia do not endorse applying laws of armed conflict to new military technologies." So, is killing innocent women and children allowed under his "rules," bc he seems to do an awful lot of it?

NO NO NO, you can't try to set rules that you've been breaking simply because other countries have the technology now... that's a damn hypocrite.

Ready,,,,fire,,,,aim.  Sounds like Obama. Can't just go around killing people just because you "THINK" they are terrorist, If this is the best intel and sit-rep can do, drones should not be offensive weapons.

Go to this site and read this.  It has been around since 2010..... Google  USArmyInternmentResettlement.pdfit is an eyeopener

So we can kill you on your turf but if you get drones you gotta play by my rules?Sounds like typical Obama the Muslim Hypocrite BS.Maybe China can send drones to Washington?

Obama is planning to use drones on civilians. it is a confirmed information. civil war is coming. prepare for it.

I'm embarrassed having Obama president of our great nation, he's a liar and a thief. Waterboarding ain't nothing compared to this, talk about innocent people getting killed, this man does not care. His big brother idea's are dangerous to all of us, it should be a global worry.

I'd rather send in one armed drone then get even one American soldier killed.  As for other countries getting drones, it will become the "new" nuclear weapon every country will have them.  An oil tanker can become a drone carrier, a submarine, even a converted passenger plane.  Like everything else, the weapons were "perfected" by us, but we have to broadcast it to the world.  All this media hype does is wet the appetite of the "little dictators" around the world.  The US loves to brag, no matter what they brag about.  We develop a new jet fighter and before it even gets off the ground we are bragging about it.  The "drones" are nothing more then an updated version of the WWII unmanned bombs that the #$%$ developed.  The US just made them more silent and accurate, we didn't "reinvent" the wheel, we just made it better.  Bragging of all types is going to be the downfall of this country.  As far as I'm concerned, the government can use as many drones as they need if it means that less US troops get killed.  I watched to many of my friends die in Viet Nam.  A government CAN'T have openness AND security.Here's a prime example of American stupidity.  The power companies are now requiring "disconnect" boxes visible on the outside of the house, so that if there is a fire, the firedepartment can "flip" the switch instead of having to disconnect the power at the pole.  Good idea until you realize that what ANY burgler has to do is open the box, shut the power off and rob the place.  And the power company has been advertising the installation of the boxes and how they work.  Not real smart.very simple. emperor obozo wants to rule.  period.

Get the name ready "PRESIDENT OF THE WORLD" this is what obama is working for. He wanted to start with America 2008 "I want to transform America the people have a surprise coming" What does the title state? The president seeks (global rules) for drones. he does does he. His idol just died.

Where are the big Hollywood hotshots that protest in foreign countries standing up for citizens but here we have our phones tapped, we can get picked up for no reason,detained without due process and now have drones kill us becuase I guarantee to you that anybody who speaks out against what is happening is probably an enemy combatant.  Facebook is a FBI/CIA tool to know where there people are at all times.  They even have a CIA division at Facebook as testified by a an assistant director of the CIA that Facebook was the gift that keeps on giving. TSA groping our children and treating elderly like criminals. When does it end and when do we say we have had enough and not going to take it anymore.

I'm sure China's drones will look suspiciously like ours. They might even have Nike or Apple logos on them. China is a terrible country.

beat the #$%$ out of liberals

BTW America's time is coming to settle the bill for decades of arrogance based on lies.

Other nations developing their own drone programs will not want to support U.S. attempts to regulate them internationally.  Not until they too have had time to develop, test, improve, and mass produce them in a quantity they feel places them on equal footing with the U.S..

Drones are now off-the-shelf technology. The biggest hurdle is the long- range communications component. These things will be ubiquitous in 10 years. Every rag-tag milita will have some drone capability.Karma. You reap what you sow.

Now you know the day is coming when everyone has drones where going to have to step it up and upgrade to a cloaked drone if we haven't already.

The Fed Govt has had no problem with killing innocent people in the past, warrant or no warrant. (Remember Ruby Ridge and Waco.) So why all the hand-wringing over foreign drone use? Of course, if the Chinese begin flying their drones over US territory, that might be an issue. Otherwise, what they do with their drones is not our concern.Somehow his bungling after bungling of every issue and problem fails to instill confidence.  I hope we can get through the next three years.   He was the worst choice, and democrat leadership should be ashamed they foisted him off on us.  Nothing but a inexperienced Chicago

So the US wants to starts making rules now other counties are catching up...what are a bunch of hypocrites

So after sending drones into all other countries to kill whomever you deemed a threat Mr. Obamamma now you want to regulate what othe5r countries can do with their militarized weapons while you’re putting them in the air above Americans against their will and in obvious invasion of privacy and constitutional regulations?  Hippocratic.

Can't wait for the swarms of mosquito-like drones coming across from China, and they won't be asking Bozo for permission.  And Alaska missle defenses will be useless.

What rules can you apply to war? Jesus! I can't believe the puppet leader of our nation thinks we should have rules! Oh wait, that's typical isn't it. Just make a rule or law and then everyone will follow it. How freakin naive. What a leader.I guess we get what we pay for. Another four years closer to the third world.

Worlds greatest campaigner!

Soon our dictators will be watching over us with those very same drones. Those that voted for the nanny state will shortly have it.

There are tons of ways to whack you of your dumb butts without using something aspolitically costly as a drone. Democracy Now reported years ago 1/2 of 1% of US population was on 1 or the many terrorist watch lists. Plural. That was before Tea Party rise and OWS.Two most inflitrated groups since KKK. Oh. They don't send out letters saying your on the list.Get your FBI files. Find out what your brothers ex has to say about you. What friends of your parents - eating your Mom &amp; Dads food - leave phoning "their people" telling them everythingthey just heard, from your parents, about you? Sound like fun reading? You bet. And it willexplain a TON-a-things in your life.

We used to conduct our self like this:China had considered conducting its first drone strike to kill a suspect in the 2011 murder of 13 Chinese sailors, but authorities decided they wanted the man alive so they could put him on trial.But now Obama just murders people instead!

obama didnt invent drones you idiots ,they came online in the bush years and have progressed ever since ,if you think this is just a dem thing ,well youre an idiot ,this is the military pure and simple ,and the  president who has these weapons will use them ,even romney would have used them they are part of the modern militaryi didnt vote for that fool

I just sent this letter to the government:March 17, 2013Dear President Obama:Dear Representative Forbes:Dear Senator Warner:Dear Senator Kaine:On April 15, 2010 Obama posted his 2009 tax returns on line. He forgot to fllatten the PDF file and his full unredacted Social Security number xxx-xx-4425 became known to the public. This number immediately raised suspicions of Attorney Orly Taitz, as it started with 042, a digit combination which was assigned to the state of CT and Obama was never a resident of CT. E-verify and SSNVS showed that this number used by Barack Obama was never assigned to him. We have an individual sitting in the WH as the US president and Commander-in-Chief, in control of our nuclear arsenal, while using a stolen/fraudulently obtained Social Security number from a state where he never resided. Additionally, former Chief Investigator of the special inveastigations unit of the U.S. Coast Guard Jeffrey Stephan Coffman prepared a sworn affidavit for Attorney Orly Taitz showing that Obama's alleged application for the Selective Service is a forgery. According to 5 USC § 3328.one is forbidden from holding a position in the executive branch if he did not register for the Selective Service. Obama never legally registered for the selective service, as his application is a forgery, as such he is forbidden to work as a President in the White House or as a janitor in the White House. According to Obama's school registration in Indonesia he is a citizen of Indonesia. According to his mother's passport records his legal last name is Soebarkah. According to sworn affidavits of the Sheriff of Maricopa county, AZ and multiple experts Obama's alleged birth certificate is a computer generated forgery.Attorney Orly Taitz and her supporters, law abiding U.S. citizens, demand that the U.S. Congress do not engage in treason and do not cover up Obama's usurpation of the U.S. Presidency with forged IDs and a fraudulently obtained SSN. We demand immediate investigation of Obama's usurpation of the U.S. Presidency to be conducted in the both houses of the U.S. Congress.

The extreme hatred, anger and racism that we see in America began in 2008. 'Atheism and anarchism also became prevalent at this time. We must therefore conclude that these problems are racial in nature and we can credit Obama for fueling the fire.

Typical Obama approach, "do as I say, not as I do".

Drone attacks are better than sending in troops. People complained about bush not stopping 9-11 before it happened, cried about him deploying troops to keep it from happening again. Whining about obama not getting the troops home, hating the use of drones instead of troops to take out badguys, and if he were to pull out all the troops and drones and just let terrorists run wild, nobody would like that either.

Why does he always point his finger when talking?  That's demeaning one strategy for saying, "I'm in charge here".  This is what parents do when they scold a child.

king obama wants to turn us into red china and kill american people with these drones but wants other countrys to follow rules

Poor lil' Barack -- just can't get any respect from the Chinese or Russians........................

Hey, looky there! He's wearing his 'allah' ring.

Obama will think it's only fun and games until he kills an innocent person with that drone.Drones are Obama's favorite toy--he can kill people to make himself look "decisive" without sending troops to fight. Cool idea, right, libs?

The Pentagon's new gig , an unmanned president drone .

Barack Obama is viewed by many other leaders as a loud-mouthed, inept, clown. The United States needs a real leader, not a empty suit with no credibity. The U.S. financial state is a mess.

President Barack Obama, who vastly expanded U.S. drone strikes under the cloak of secrecy, is now openly seeking to influence global guidelines for their use... his guidelines: "only use them against people that disagree with you"!!!

Obama's ten comandments are? Thou may not spend more than you make, or strike by drone..

It's all fun and games until someone does it to us.  When that happens remember all the media attention you guys put out there.

Those that are anti-drone would be the first to cry like babies and blame the President if those terrorists that can be killed by Drones have nothing to fear once again and attack the US instead of looking up in the sky and wondering.

If the Roozkies and the Chinese use drones the way we do then all hell will bust loose.Obit aint got enuff to do   lets see him put this genie back in the bottle.Good news: busy days ahead for journalists, should they survive, the drone will be plenty offishwrap fodder.Our "black" president displays an ever increasing contempt for human rightsand the liberties we had till he showed up. Is he commander in chief or just a puppet for the pentagon and the military industrial complex?We will need a very good health care plan if armed drones take to American skies.I wonder if Kickstarter will help me get some rifles?

"America's intelligence gatheringcapability at any time could be turned around on the American people and no American could have privacy left. Such is the capability to moniter everything: telephone conversations, (faxes, text messages, computers, two way radios, traffic cameras, remote cameras, mall cameras) it doesn't matter. There would be no place to hide. If this government ever became a tyrant, if a dictator ever took charge in this country, the technical capacity that the intelligence community has given the government could enable it to impose total tyranny there would be no way to fight back"

When we do it, its legal. When other is capable then we change rule. Do you think they're going to listen. I doubt it."As U.S. ground wars end - over in Iraq, drawing to a close in Afghanistan - surgical counterterrorism targeting has become "the new normal," Vietor said."hmmmm....i love how ignorant they think the population is

The reality is that the US does not have a monopoly on technology.

Worst kind of hypocrite is one with as much power as B.O.

Isn't it funny that our president is changing his tune now that other countries may actually be able to do the same kind of wanton, willy-nilly killing we've been doing for about a decade?  As long as Bush and Obama were the only two world leaders with drone technology at their fingertips, they didn't want any rules impinging on their fun.  We just had to accept their word that the people being killed were "bad guys" and deserved to die.  Now that China and Russia might have the same ability soon, we must now have rules?  You can almost actually smell the hypocrisy.

I’ve asked some very important questions to my representatives in Washington via email, letters, and phone calls but haven’t received an explanation as of yet, questions such as;#1 Our country is in debt why are we giving American tax payer money to other countries?#2 Why dose America have to police the world?#3 Why do tax payers have to give money in subsidies to mega corporations who are making record profits? (100 years of subsidies to big oil corporations for example) I don’t subsidies in my business!#4 Where did the $ 6 billion dollars in cash that was lost in Iraq go too?#5 Why don’t government representatives close the supper richest tax loopholes?#6 Why dose America spend more in defense then the next 13 largest countries combinedAnd this last one might be the answer to the last 6 questions# 7 Why do 80% of government representatives who leave office end up as lobbyist?

This moron in chief has no problems targeting/killing American citizens with drones, YET HE claims to want guidelines.To those who voted for this idiot, stupid is as stupid does.

In Yemen an american Citizen criticized America and was Killed by a targeted drone strike.Imagine what will happen to people that Criticize totalitarian China or N Korea when they get drones they will be Killing americans in america becasue they broke foreign laws.

Big Brother Drones, comeing to a town near you, keep an eye on the sky, your paying for it, you foolish people.

Impeach Obama for sedition to the US Constitution and the Bill of Human Rights, not to mention sabotaging the economy and treason.

Later today, Carney, Oblamer's spokesman will come out an say the Drone Strikes are somebody else's fault"That stance is just now beginning to change, in part under pressure from growing public and Congressional discomfort with the drone program. U.S. lawmakers have demanded to see White House legal justifications for targeting U.S. citizens abroad, and to know whether Obama thinks he has the authority to use drones to kill Americans on U.S. soil.""That jump in use of armed drones resulted from the authorization to use "signature" strikes, which allowed targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity, a U.S. official said on condition of anonymity."Drones will be introduced in the US. They will enter by way of law enforcement. When they tell you that they will not be spying, they are lying. That's why they have cameras. Law enforcement already has car mounted cameras that operate at all times the vehicle is in use. You are already being spied on at ground level. They can take your license plate, make of car, etc. They will be used in car chases, suspect hunts. They will eventually be armed, if not from the beginning. This is a method to avoid use of military forces in restraining the population.

Wonder why Sarah Palin called Obama a "liar"? Like she pointed out, he claimed to become the most TRANSPARENT adminitration ever, what a lie! How transparent was he with his birth certificate? He wants to use drones to assassinate American Citizens on US soil, without a court trial, sounds like an effort to gain authority to commit a CRIMINAL act!

guess he forgot to realize that once "pandora's box" is opened, there's no turning back..

Shouldn't that idiot be golfing or something. At least when he's golfing he isn't #$%$ anything up!

"The beginning of wisdom is calling things by their proper name" Confucius.Our beloved PEACE price winner is a murderer. It is that simple. Rest of the sugar coating is just typical corporate press-titutes spin.

Now we want rules.   I read a little bit on Chana's policy on drone warfare on navy impressed me.  They have this overwhelm defence's of vessels with massive drone attacks.  What could you do with 60 of these things attacking and a few missles to boot.  Maybe our navy is very quickly becoming obsolete.

I can't help but believe the end is coming very soon.

Is another of Obama's brownie points for another worthless award like the Noble Peace Prize, what he get that for being first black president, Oh that's right it's not about race, it's about more lies!

Libyan Rebels used a suitcase drone to provided aerial recon on Qaddafi's men, and helped kick their #$%$ to Tripoli. They got it from Canada.

As drones are starting to be used in the US for serveylance, there is no excuse for armed drones.  As soon as we start launching missles in the U S to take out criminals, we will finally evolved into a police state...How about guildlines Barry for you not to be able to use Drones on the American people.

its far cheaper to program a drone than train a pilot, and this new gen of drone is a completly hands off version ,give it a program and off its goes ,you think we wont use this tech ,why have giant aircraft carriers and billion dollar planes ,these do the same job for no money

"Congressional DISCOMFORT?" INADEQUATE response from the CIA!" Who besides me finds this uncomfortable behavior, inadequate behavior and IRRESPONSIBLE behavior of all our agencies and elected officials! Most frightening to me is Obama's assumption he can influence and control "global" decisions......his desire for power is growing..........

As long as we had full control of drone tech, the administration was ok; but now that others have this tech the administration wants to establish rules for their use. What a joke!

what you dont know and that i do is that the next gen of drones are already online ,these have no pilots at all ,they have the ability to fly missions totally hands off from start to finish ,and they can also pick out the targets own their own ,these hunter killers already number in the 1000s with 1000s more produced every month

Obama is anti-American, anti-capitalist and a racist. He grew up hating America and all it stood for. Our media never vetted this man, now that he is providing goodies for the people, our country is in decline and will fail. Good luck America

you wont put this (genie )back in the bottle

Innocents die and maybe a robot blows up. Terminator anyone? No kids for me. Wouldn't wish this on anyone. That said I wonder why all the gun bans? hmmmmm?

Good luck trying to control the globe idiot you already spent all the money the taxpayers dont have.

So can I buy and have my own Drone...so I can keep other Drones from possibly Droning me?  Or is there an assault Drone ban on civilians? But then I'm not out to assault anyone with my Drone, I just want it for anti-Drone defense. But maybe I would need then two Drones...one for defense and one to Drone other Drones...or to Drone other people trying to Drone me!  oops! I'm Droning on ..aren't I?He was in over his head the moment he was elected and he keeps giving himself more and more power, at some point he is going to crush himself or we are going to have to rise up!

Obama makes bush a nice genius.

I've seen these drones fly in missouri air space, well at least they looked like drones, or someone elses...  like a hobby person building their own to fly and play with.

The POPES message to Hollywood Obama.If I did it so can you.: RESIGN !!!! "

the horses are already out of the corral oh chief of chiefs

He who lives by the drone.......We can only hope.

Odumba wants to tell other countries how they can and can't use their drones after the UN just declared the way Odumba uses our drones violation of international law? I think old Odumba is just scared stiff that China or Russia are going to use a drone against him.

"Domestic Drone Countermeasures"......coming to a retailer near you......soon.....

this is what happens when u give an inexperienced man the keys to the whole thing.

too bad they didnt file a patton on themOn April 15, 2010 Obama posted his 2009 tax returns on line. He forgot to fllatten the PDF file and his full unredacted Social Security number xxx-xx-4425 became known to the public . . . . E-verify and SSNVS showed that this number used by Barack Obama was never assigned to him . . . . Additionally, former Chief Investigator of the special [investigations] unit of the U.S. Coast Guard Jeffrey Stephan Coffman prepared a sworn affidavit for Attorney Orly Taitz showing that Obama's alleged application for the Selective Service is a forgery . . . . According to Obama's school registration in Indonesia he is a citizen of Indonesia. According to his mother's passport records his legal last name is Soebarkah. According to sworn affidavits of the Sheriff of Maricopa county, AZ and multiple experts Obama's alleged birth certificate is a computer generated forgery.

hey, china should make little drone BEES!, i hear they are hand pollinating some areas where thru overspraying tons of pcc's, they've slaughted off the honey bees - and we're not too far off from that here in usa either - do something helpful for a CHANGE!

As long as the USA was the only country with drones 0bana wanted no rules but now that other countries have them there needs to be rules.One way strikes again.Zero in front of bama.

I've got a global rule for drones- Get rid of them all !!!

"As U.S. ground wars end - over in Iraq, drawing to a close in Afghanistan - surgical counterterrorism targeting has become "the new normal," Vietor said."Anyone that uses the term "surgical" when referring to the use HE or crew-served weapons in general has never used them nor seen the results.I'm not against the use of whatever force is necessary, though I find the usage annoying.

Obama will follow drone rules about as well as he has followed the Constitution, gun-walking, immigration and a host of other rules every president takes an oath to follow. He laid his hand on those bibles and knowingly took  his oath with deceit. Now, to be fair most of these poli's do, the trouble is he's made no hidden agenda of where he wants to take America, DOWN, so as to reach the Lib redistributional society. It's a war for a single Democratic led and controlled society from the Lib mindset. It's a goal for a unionized workforce where everyone is working in the unions and then the very bottom people end up paying the bill for all the benefits, kinda like it is now but only worse. Just put away your ideology and ponder this fact. Right now union members only pay part of their benefits, taxpayers, mostly locally pay the rest through higher taxes. Now, if everyone was unionized who's left to pick up the bill that the members don't pay, either no-one or the poor.  Which means the ousting of welfare, SS, etc. And, that's just the way it is. Somebody has to pay what they don't and won#$%$ a run for a government dependent society was history has shown to fail, it only brings more government control, spending, debt and chaos! Not to mention that in this country it also means more minority favoritism. Take notes for the next three years.

I thought Obama was challenged

Looks like there might be a need now to focus on those satelites that transmitt signals to and from the drones as well as transmittions to and from all of the telecommunications that the globe has come to depend on.  I would hope the international community would be aware of the simplicity in homing in and sending long range rockets to obliterate global communications.  Were that to happen, we would witness a global panic and almost total economic destruction.  N. Korea and Iran have more than likely considered that and may well be working on it.  If a highschool dropout can aim a SATELITE TV DISH, those rogue nations can do the same with rockets.  Not a welcomed thought, but it is a possible reality.

Who is us to tell other countries what to do with their drones ? and who is us to tell countries like Iran &amp; N.Korea that they can't have nukes.

he who lives by the sword will die by the swordhe who lives by the sword will die by the sword

The Nobel Terrorist Prize winner....... Oblamo...... History will have fun with this loser...

Remote controlled airplanes started in England in 1917. 1917. Its been there for anyone to make use of. For almost 100 years!

Anything to beat around the bush, hey economy and jobs number 1 issue

Here's an IQ test; choose one for yourself: (1) Torturer light (waterboarding.)  (2) Assassination by drone.

sure make us like everyone else,We are not every other country.Time to start fixing this one.

A lot of people seem to be up in arms about the usage of drones, but if Obama chose not to ratchet up the usage of drones and instead stayed with the conventional use of manned aircraft to bomb terrorist what would be the difference?

what would happen if  pakistan decided to drone the  white house?? would that beconsidered  an act of war? or what if it was just a house  in the suburbs of DC  and only killedthe people  that they didnt like? act of war ? seems to me droning  people is an act of warand why is it we dont  get the info of exactly  what countries we are at war with  if we drone thecitizens  in that country....  i  dont like the fact of killing innocent people  as collateral damage  to get one or two bad ones----- we all know this is just plain  WRONG. its not AMERICAN .

'Yes, America, we can change the world,' said in Obama's acceptance campaign. Isn't this just the kind of world we all want to live in, where Drones hover overhead, and can target and strike individuals down with no warning.  Nothing about this program is leading to a good place.

We (America) are kind of like that bully in school everyone is afraid to stand up to. However once you pop that bully in the mouth, he backs off. What's got me afraid is, how long before one of these countries decides to pop us in the mouth.Oboo-boo should be tried for war crimes Because this is against the Geneva convention rules

There is great need to discuss drone technology and its ability to trump human considerations.  At this point the United States seems to be one of three countries that has the technological know how but that will not remain a low number for very long.   Dialog within the countries possessing and developing drone technology must occur before we can talk to other countries.   What goes around will come around.   Let's be proactive instead of reactive.

Just administer WWIII and be done with it all. The cold war was a walk in the park compared to today's weapons issues. Our leaders have created an irreversible doom.

Amazing!  Hides drone use, wants to use drones on Americans at home, wants to regulate other countries so they don't use drones.  Arrogance is a word that does not begin to describe this administration.

I saw a small hover drone near the airport yesterday over the industrial park, but it was the kind you can buy at apples website and control with your iPad. I guess everyone needs a drone with a camera now, I guess I'll stick with my underwater fish camera.

drones will make good target practice

This guy needs to be impeached as soon as possible,,the power has gone to his head, and his wife spends our money like she's n@#@$ rich

Obama: "Rules??? I don't need no stinking rules!"

So with this man in the white house, what is the chances he will say we will not use them and use them anyway?

What about  FM--3-39.40  goggle why this not in thee news?Down with the drone program! Barack Obama is a war criminal! And how long before they put drones over American skies?

Looks like Obama is trying to deflect here.

Yea, I am the only one that can have one!!!!

Fail

I hope they send a drone for him when he does not pay china.

how does a president become a judge, jury, executioner. forget right to trial. just kill people without knowing even their names. hate the governments denial of rights. i am a trial lawyer and will fight their unjust actions till i stop breathing. Tony dalayanis. you hear me government!!!!!

Appears to me that the Pres. is saying F/U to the American people by going to the World for their approval. Why not use Chemical weapons Mr. Pres. you cant see either one coming. whats the difference?

The Chinese have already flown and recovered helibots into highly restricted Defense Department areas.Cats out of the bag so give it up and keep the barn door closed.

I tell you that once other countrys get this technology they gonna use it on us just like we are using it on them. Mark my words. What goes around comes around people

Now the UN has said that America has violated the rules, Obama feels that he may be a target of war criminal by the ICC.Most of you act like Obama has pulled a magic "Drone program" out of his butt. I live near Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and they helped design the "Predator" drone like 15-20 years ago. If you really want to get your panties a rise up your crack check out "DARPA"/ "Boston Dynamics" and see what the Military is really working on.

Bush and Obama are two sides of the same coin........... The Libtards deny it because all they care about is their "free stuff" that this idiot hands out...

communist always just one execution away from utopia!!!

IMPEACH OBAMA THE BABY KILLER!

This is not a one president mistake, blunder or dropped ball. This is a well orchestrated plan, set in motion years ago, in order to take away freedoms, numb values and believes, and put in place a totalitarian government driven by fear.And they are succeeding because american people simply stopped caring.

I'd like to see my president in his office WORKING!

Ahhh the hypocrisy, the man who feels he doesn't need to follow the rules now wants rules for everyone else to follow.

Drones against our enemies, one thing, drones againsr Americans without due process, quite another thing! I think we need a leader with a better moral guide and a stronger constitutional understanding making these choices!

Drones are for COWARDS like our Odicktater president.  If they want someone bad enough  send in some guys, It's not like we don't have anyone looking for a job or anything.How many of you would have volunteered to be on the Osama bin Laden  or Saddam Hussein strike team ?

One of the major reasons we never win a war anymore is too many 4-F politicians involved and too many rules. One would think we were playing board games rather than bankrupting a nation and killing some of its youngest and brightest.One of the major reasons we never win a war anymore is too many 4-F politicians involved and too many rules. One would think we were playing board games rather than bankrupting a nation and killing some of its youngest and brightest.

"White House kept details of drone operations - which remain largely classified - out of public view for years when the U.S. monopoly was airtight".  "While the Obama administration moves toward refinement and transparency of standards"Obozo and transparency.....when has that happened in HIS lifetime????!!!

Obama is an Evil Maniacal man we need to impeach him before he unleashes his army of drones on the American public.

I quit reading when it said Obama operated the expanded program under a cloak of secrecy.

drones, changing the face of war to a less honorable, cowardly act of collateral damage.

he sure is a killer.

It's time to cut our losses. IMPEACH obumba and the pathetic impotent liberal cockroaches intent on destroying the American heritage.

Just because an American Citizen picks up arms and becomes a terrorist, should not prevent US from striking against him.  Terrorist is a terrorists regardless what passport he uses to protect himself.

Stop the talk and start the walk on getting this fraud out of our house in dc. Now.And take all his merry men and  women with him.

its ok for obama to use drones against his own people but now he wants to control the world. what a hypocrit, lying sack of cow dung.Obama will just give away any technology any enemy of the USA wants.  Just part of his master plan.

Righties used to tell us, "why are you scared of the Patriot Act? If you aren't planning anything bad, you don't have to worry. Or are you planning something evil?" Now we tell you the same: why are you afraid of the killer drones? Are you righties planning something evil?

Obama a real piece of work, now that he can't be the "Big Bully" with drones he wants to change the rules so he can't be targeted.

Never ever forget that elections have conciquences.  Obama IS the Amarican Left.  This is clearly the Left's Drone Strike Policy. Enjoy it for the next four years.

We have been losing out lead in technology for a while now. Clinton sold us out by advancing China 50 years ahead for campaign constributions. This President would rather gut the military and lose our lead so we can pay losers to sit at hime eat cheetos and smoke pot and play Xbox.

Obama should be tried for crimes against humanity

if you donot want a drone up your behind stay away from terroist

Lets play cowboys and indians and I get to win!

f u barry

All Obama wants is to murder US folks on US soil that would defy him.  He needs to be tried of treason, found guilty and then hung!It was one thing to use them in war but another animal all together to use them on American citizans. Quickly our rights are being eroded in this country.

Obama has come to the agreement with other countries in drone strikes on Americans in America!

Now that you've exterminated Independence, OF COURSE you're going to make some rules. That was the whole point from the beginning.

Only our Constitution and Bill of Rights protect us from corruption and Tyranny in our government. The framers of the second and fourteenth amendments intended to guarantee an individual right to carry firearms and other common hand-carried arms. It is inconceivable that they would have tolerated the suggestion that a free person has no right to bear arms without the permission of a state authority, much less the federal government, or that a person could be imprisoned for doing so.

This Clown will get us all Killed  !!!

We've killed more civilians that actual terrorist with our drones. Any "rules" Obama makes will be pure hypocrisy.

Didn't vote for you O'bama, but will support you, on the usage of Drones.

Only our Constitution and Bill of Rights protect us from corruption and Tyranny in our government. The framers of the second and fourteenth amendments intended to guarantee an individual right to carry firearms and other common hand-carried arms. It is inconceivable that they would have tolerated the suggestion that a free person has no right to bear arms without the permission of a state authority, much less the federal government, or that a person could be imprisoned for doing so.

There is no excuse for stupidity, and you Mr Obama are as stupid as they come!

I am sure we did have certain basic rules, but setting up a set of detailed rules that can be internationaly accepted would be a good idea.Obamma and them drones is going to get us in trouble trying to take over the world. Them and the computer will destroy america. He is setting the stage for the new world government take over, but he will fail and cost american lives.

This guy has murdered more innocents than most of those that preceded him.

He wants to go global with the NDAA?!

Good luck enforcing the rules it hasn't worked yet ! Keep your gun's everyone you going to need them with this type of warfare.

Here's how it works.  You come into my space, I go into yours.  I go into your space , you come into mine...if your willing to face the consequences.

Drones are becoming the desired weapon of war because it dehumanizes warfare.  In WW2 only 20% of soldiers actually fired their rifles with intent to kill.  A drone dehumanizes the act of killing making anyone capable of doing.  It essentially becomes a video game.  Read "On Killing" By Dave Grossman and you will understand

"the most careful effort to combine together in resistance to the government, no matter how privately done,is within the reach of the government to know. Such is the capability of this technology. I don't want to see the countryever go across this bridge (cliff). I know the capacity is there to make tyranny total in America, and we mmustsee to it that all the agencies that posses this technology operate under proper supervision so that we never cross that abyss.Senator Frank Church  NBC  Meet The Press 1975`

Never mind drones as an instrument of war. Drones against Americans is freaky scary. Judge and executioner in a country were we are presumed innocent til proven guilty. Another right as citizens of this country as  guaranteed by our Bill of rights and Constitution on the chopping block for the socialist good of this country as determined by a Marxist government.

Now all governments can have complete surveillance and control at all times over all of its citizens. Welcome to more of 1984 in 2014. This is where technology has brought us. There will be no actual freedom. Doesn't matter who you support, governments will rule and people will abide. What a sad ending to beautiful dreams of freedom a little over two hundred years ago. I see it as robot humanity. Cell phone technology and lack of ethics and humanity.

Oh yea first we nuke Japan and set the standards for nukes. Now here we are some 60 years later and the U.S. Government is still telling how others may use death tools they have created. What a load of #$%$.The world has seen how effective drones have been they got ho have some too.  Having rules for drones is stupid.  Only the United States and its allies will obey them.  Like all the other rules we have governing the proper conduct of war, nobody else even bothers to obey them.

Without our second amendment we cannot defend any of our rights! We are a military Dictatorship at that point.....Will it be a line in the sand?

Obama is going to get us into world war 3 if he is not taken out of office

THE DRONE WARS  what a cool name for a movie

he's just scared someone may want to "drone" him

First they should not be used to kill Americans on American soil. We have enough police forces and military to be able to handle such situations as necessary. As for targeting any enemy of the US out with the US that is a different story. If we cannot get the assistance of the local government to stop a known terrorist then use what ever means possible to stop them.

Oh yes, Obama has "Transparency" to his fascist regime.  It is "Shut Up and Don't Ask", or I will write an Executive Order banning your right to ask questions of my ruining this Nation.  He likes to brag about 'His Killing of Bin Ladne" and his taking care  of terroist, but dosen't allow the American People to ask about it.

Dron monoply is not fraying, common sense would mandate that "the other side" were going to get drones!

I just hope when another nation strikes a US citizen with a drone, we don't jump to arms but instead look at the president and ask, #$%$ have you done?"

surprised drone hasnt hit the white housesurprised drone hasnt hit the white house

This is really not a question of Democrat or Republican or liberal vs conservative. This is a complicated legal question in a new area of law that comes from technological advances. Will it could have a chilling conclusion?

There is good reason for citizen concern. This is science fiction made real, death dealing from 1/2 a world away. Surveillance of U.S. citizens and death without trial. Both Bush and Obama have used this technology. It is the military and political consequences of the attack of 9-11. Are United States citizens safe from their own government?

hope some one hacks a drone and sends it after obama

Hopefully someone will drop a drone on Obama....and his white house during the no-tour season....

I wish a Drone would strike Barry and Moooochooooo

Iraq now claims to have reverse engineered our drones.  Using Obama's philosophy, they could launch one at; say one of our 104 functioning nuclear power plants supposing that a terrorist might be hiding there. He is walking a slippery slope on this. Commit or get out of fighting terrorism. His execution without due process is against both US and International law and frankly makes him appear little better than Saddam Hussein.  Some might even call it war crimes, especially if it was your innocent families who were killed.  Now the administration is flying drones over the United States.  Maybe since he received the Nobel award for Peace he believes he is above accountability. How do you feel about this Norwegian Nobel Committee?  Are you happy with your choice? I think it is safe to say that Barak Obama has personally ordered the deaths of more human lives than any other Nobel Peace recipient in history.  Who is next on his hit list? Donald Trump, Hillary, Marco Rubio, you, your spouse or child?

don't care about lies or anything - just economy &amp; wars - replace biden/obama with romney/mccain to fix economy &amp; to wrap up wars - freepass giftpass is illegal, wrong, sinthe justices are not doing their job of annuling obama two terms - fire them all

will somebody cut off opointer's finger

Who of you voted for this arrogant, lying, illegal traitor Muslim?  This is kinda like wanting to disarm Americans so they don't shot back while being murdered by government.So "anti-gun" has nothing to do with those in governmental offices??? I have to say.. I don't get it at all. Obama.. is.. a.. hypocrite. Hmm. Or a socialist..

I thought we had already set the standards? Drones anywhere at any time. Oh!,............now that other countries have Drones we want to change the rules to a more civilized use.

I dont trust our presidents actions, he will be a hypocrite about the situation and ask for restrictions and rules that he himself has already broken....

need a boomergan drone--right back at Odumba.  Such a jerk

Our government says they will not use drones against American citizens in America. No other country has made the same promise nor would I expect them to. Wait until China uses their drones or Iran develops drones or Korea develops drones and we too will feel the fear that our enemies do currently.

Serious Obama haters remember one thing; he is your President.  If you're a US citizen any where world wide Obama is your President.  If you don't like that fact and want to be a secessionist; I hope I'm at the controls of the drons used to blow your hindpot to hell!!!!

Global rules my BUTT-We are America and we will abide to the USA Constitution- right obama?! If not; get out of the White House.

rules for everyone else no rules for me. can you say #$%$ with a capital A.

these drones will get smaller and smaller until a fly sized drone filled with explosives will fly right into your ear and detonate

Obama is a moron!! no common sense and his IQ is below 80... however his lying sense is way above average!!!Obama is a moron!! no common sense and his IQ is below 80... however his lying sense is way above average!!!

" The ramp-up started in 2008, the last year of Bush's term, when there were 35 air strikes in Pakistan, and escalated under Obama to a peak of 117 in 2010, according to The Long War JournalThat jump in use of armed drones resulted from the authorization to use "signature" strikes, which allowed targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity, a U.S. official said on condition of anonymity."Could this not be considered terrorism?  Could not one of these "signature" strikes that killed an innocent person fuel the "real terrorists" more?  War is a bloody business.  But they want to use these drones at home.  With an established history of abuse, can anyone really trust that not single innocent person will be harmed by them?  Can anyone really trust that our government would not be willing to terrorize us?

FBHO! fJB

Seems to me the U.S. will need to lead the pack in establishing the technology for combating drone attacks.  The U.S. has opened up a Pandora's box.  How can anyone be safe in any country utilizing drone technology as a means of death to anyone the government decides to attack without due process of the law.  It is one more nail in the coffin of America's moral decline.

The misnamed "Defense Department" is supposed to be for just that - defense. America currently summarily executes so-called terrorists in places like Yemen and the isolated regions of Pakistan using drones. The peasants who live there and their families obviously don't pose any realistic threat to the US and therefore these drone killings are clearly acts of criminal aggression - not defense. That is one of the reasons that the phony "War on Terror" was invented - so that such aggression against "terrorists" could be justified because such "terrorists" supposedly attacked the US on 9/11. If you have not already done so, you owe it to yourself to watch the film “Explosive Evidence – Experts Speak Out” by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth. It recently was top-rated on PBS. You can listen to statements from dozens of highly-qualified and very rational experts including structural engineers, physicists, chemists, demolition experts (military and civilian) and others, who explain why the official explanations for the destruction of WTC 1, 2 and 7 are scientifically impossible. The Al Qaeda story was put forth by exactly the same people who should have been first on the list of suspects. The War on Terror is a fraud.

BEATS sending  kids on IED  filled  roads.  Go President Obama

For some time now computer geeks and a few terrorists have been working on ways to bring down drones, either for terror or hacker's pleasure.  We will now billions spent in serious research for a drone arms race.  Exqueeze me White House, but weren't those annoying privacy invaders supposed to save money?

Wait until Canada and Mexico fly drones over the USA killing alleged threats to their nations and then tell me they have issues?

American murderous leaders want to use tricks to kill other people but want to be sure those same tricks can't be used against them. This murderous liar needs to be removed frfon office.

People should shoot down drones and put videos of outrage citizens demolishing iton youtube- hopefully with 150 decibel chants - if you spy on us we will terminate you-and then show where the makers of drones live and torment the engineers - manufacturesdistributors - and have thousands berate , threaten them and do everything in ourcollective capabilities to reclaim our freedoms- we used to be free from airborne snoops-Those of us who are outraged by airborne survelliance want  to destroy the drones andhave their operators tried for crimes against humanity- if that means jailing people from the Cia , DOD and state policing agencies or any state and federal agency  SO BE ITThere ought to be serious repurcussions for those who would STEAL our privacy rights-shooting down drones over our own country is a very good start - maybe decision makersdeciding to fly drones ought to be fearing freedom lovers - really how much different isthe usa when compared to communist east germany with their reprehensible stazi ?dicktator

Obama=F UP

This world will end soon mark my words. It is written in history man has always had huge wars. Don't think the next one is going to end so well with the technology we have today to just vaporize millions of people.

The next popular sport in the US will be Drone shooting ...like skeet shooting

Bush authorized 49 drone strikes and those were reserved for killing terrorist leaders that were almost impossible to otherwise reach, not as an everyday weapon. Obama has authorized almost 400 to date and has even authorized strikes against U.S citizens, which amounts to a death sentence with no due process, a violation of our basic rights under the U.S constitution. That should not surprise anyone though, Obama has repeatedly ignored the constitutional rights of the American people under the guise of protecting us. Even China has recognized that citizens have a right to a trial and should be taken alive to stand trial for their crimes.

Mr. Empty suit...

Let me see If I understand this, The so called Patriot act says Vets,Christians, Catholics, Any one that loves animals or lives off the grid in this country are terrorists....HmmmmI didn't see Jews on their?  Guess they forgot or something!

No drones on us soil period end of discussion. There is a bill of rights in place in this country which provides every person with a right to trial by jury. You cannot assassinate people simply because you dont like them.

Is he worried that some country will drone him? I'm sure Iran, Syria and Egypt will play by the rules. If Iran has drones, so will every radical nation.

Sombody needs to drone this #$%$.This is murder, Obama is killing innocent people and must be stopped.

How many other Nobel peace prize winners have been responsible for so many deaths....

Not on American soil please

there is no w "challenge" the liberal press will manipulate America weak brain into believing Obama cant do no wrong

When asked what weapons would be used to fight World War III, Albert Einstein replied that he did not know, but that he was sure that World War IV would be fought with stones and clubs.  Once again, the genie is out of the bottle.  We learned nothing from our failure to keep nuclear weapons under control.

Moving to the country, gonna eat a lot of peaches.

I can't wait for the day the Chinese take out Biden with a drone.  I hope it's tomorrow.

Thank GOODNESS the Washington D.C. is going to establish rules for other countries to follow.  I feel safer already.

He wants to take away our guns, because his drones can kill you at will, anywhere you are... buddy. Only an AK-47 could down a drone. I think every US citizen needs a surface to air missle launcher now.(Washington): Sir, all that he did is he didn't pay his parking tickets... "Obama" : Send in a drone and blow his house up, he is a threat to national security.

The big difference I see between a drone stricking an enemy target and a plane flown by a pilot is that the drone is cheaper to build and operate and dosen't put a pilot in harm's way. If a pilot makes an error and accidently kills innocent people, we say it was tragic and sorry it happened. If a drone does the very same thing, then we want to riot and go out and hang the president! Double standards just because we are just looking for an reason, any reason to rant against Obama!forget all these global clowns that cant take care of themselves u were elected to take care of this country

Huh....wonder how long before the Chinese start flying drones over here.

It said, "China had considered conducting its first drone strike to kill a suspect in the 2011 murder of 13 Chinese sailors, but authorities decided they wanted the man alive so they could put him on trial." Wow, our government just kills us without giving us a chance to defend ourselves. Can it really be that Chinese Communism is expressing more morality than our American Democracy?

I would care to bet that Iran, Pakistan and N. Korea all have Drone technology already and will use it if they so choose. Heck, my 12 year old has Drone technology. All he has to do is figure a way to put a missile on his toy. The Global Rules for countries will be (use them if you want to), and terrorists will simply strap IED's on them and send them out by the hundreds.  Welcome to the------ DRONE WARS.

Often, the US and NATO are the only ones to abide by such rules.

Say it aint so! Military technology getting into the hands of others? Whodda thunk that could ever happen?King Oblather The First OWNS this, that Nobel Peace Prize winner. Ka Ka.

soon drones will be flying over your house and it may or may not be ours scary  drone season has just started no bag limmit and open all year long

Can you imagine being in the armed service and having this boob as your boss. O.K. this is working to good for our guys lets give the enemy a chance and tell them where we are then get permission to engage them from some committee. Worked in Benghazi with O'Hillary.

Just who does the White House "brain trust" believe will follow any rules on drones? Pandora's Box is wide open now. I do not see Vladimir Putin asking Obama's permission for anything. However this may be a clever ploy to move the discussion from the Obama administration position that they can use drones to kill US citizens ( anywhere based on statements from our  current AG )  without due process. Clearly the constitutional law scholar in the Oval Office does not grasp the legal issues facing drone pilots who will not be in a position to claim imminent danger.

Obama wants rules when others are going to do the same.Well a few years time America will be saying killing people by drones is inhuman because others will have drones too.

what is the saying? like a boss, no wait like a dictator!!!!!!!

How you going to lie out of this one idiot? May your butt fry in hell.

we're screwed

i dont care what obama tries to tell me im going to toys r us and buying remote control helicopters and planes starting my own drone fleet..i small rubber dingy and sheet of plywood can be my aircraft carrier

"Do Drones Dream of Electric Queens"?

This prez is turning out to be worse than bush/rumsfeld war machine

Obama use the drones to kill the Confederate loving secessionist Now!!  Save us from having to clean up this mess on a latter date.  They will try the US once again; God please allow me to be able to fight in this war if they do.  I have some bones to pick!!!

I can't wait until US GI's and diplomats start getting droned. It's about time we grew up and stopped acting like war criminals in this country.

Does President Obama deserve the Nobel Peace Prize?Does he have a Destiny?Is he living his Destiny?Can he usher in World Peace for the next decades now that America is Energy Self Sufficient? Or will he keep listening to whinings from Israel and fight more of their Wars instead of working for the Peace and Security of Mankind?I can't wait until US GI's and diplomats start getting droned. It's about time we grew up and stopped acting like war criminals in this country.

Does President Obama deserve the Nobel Peace Prize?Does he have a Destiny?Is he living his Destiny?Can he usher in World Peace for the next decades now that America is Energy Self Sufficient? Or will he keep listening to whinings from Israel and fight more of their Wars instead of working for the Peace and Security of Mankind?

Ban Land Mines, Nuclear War Heads and Drone Strikes.Empower the UN to function as World Congress, Executive Office, Judiciary and Police.Humanity has to work out their future and live in Peace.Ban Drones,Stop War Mongering.

Drone strikes on the bad guys is right on, so is water boarding ... and everything in between.

Someone needs to get rid of the drone's and impeach Obama

For all of you throwing Obama's name around like drone strikes were his invention, remember that the "Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF)" was enacted days after 9-11 at the request of George Bush.

Republican drones attack the wrong country, torture and needlessly kill 10's of thousands of Iraqi's and now pontificate about killing terroists with drones.   Republicans are drones

The only thing obambo needs is to be pushed out of our country and stay.I don't trust that _____.

Drones in combat no problem.  Drone used against US citizens on US soil = MAJOR issues.  Think about it.  How about the two US citizens killed by drones in Yemen, if the government will lie to us about Benghazi (video tape) what makes you think they would lie bout the drones on US soil.

Why does this article have a picture of Obama, when they mention him, like, once. It's all about the military, CIA, what past president Bush did. All they say is Obama continued what Bush started. YET THEY PUT A PICTURE UP LIKE HE'S SOLVING THE WORLDS PROBLEMS. HAH.Obama is Hitler Reborn!!!

Obama using drones to kill people in Pakistan (and other countries) is a violation of sovereignty. Just imagine if some country that did not like the fact that a person they thought was guilty of a crime was roaming free in the U.S. and they sent a drone in to kill them while they were driving through your neighborhood.

Is this like Obama's Gun Contol, its time people we call for his impeachment

Obama's using drones....   some morons have or are using people instead!,,  Keep up the good work Barack!!!!

Some people say that President Failure is paranoid ..... however if what your worring about has a possibility of happening then it not paranoia ... it's just plain worry !  There are also people who said he didn't really want a second term !

Did you know that a bill was passed that you can no longer protest in DC? Every day yours and my rights have been stripped away and we sit here and let this happen, why? Where is the outrage? Where is the "I am mad as hell and I am not going. To take this anymore" moment? Are we all asleep or just afraid?

Finally Obama gets a war with his name on it !  LOL

we need to send one of those drones to the radio station that Rush Limbaugh broadcasts out of

To liberals, killing people by remote control is not war. Stupid liberals.Look at all the innocent children Obama is killing with his cowardly weapons.

do americans love seeing our troops get killed ? it seems that every time our military finds ways to keep our troops out of harms way, the american public starts whinning ! we are in a WAR ! in war it`s either you are me that`s not going to another day !!So Obama is NOW trying to make rules on the unmanned drones used to kill terrorists after 9/11 . All because other countries are now adopting the tech. So obama used his drones without rules for HOW LONG? now that other countries have the same tech he's scared. I would be too if I were you Obama. China is gonna send one out for you..lol what about korea? they could kill obama too, Man I can't wait for the future.

he's getting ready to use drones on gun owners that don't bow down to his will

.........................................KENYA BOY MAKES GOOD IN U.S........................................

The can of worm is opened and now it is more dangerous than ever, because there is no pilot, so there is no fear to go deep to the heart land to attack. Drone is light and cheaper and can assemble very quickly and is dangerous because any body can make it.

I love this program! Surgical Strikes against Terrorist. Foreign or Domestic. Signature strikes against enemy combatants based on BEHAVIOR AND OR CHARACTERISTICS. NOT COLOR OR RELIGION. Don't advocate the overthrow of America and you don't have to worry about a drone. China and Russia can build what ever weapon they want to and use them any way the deem appropriate. America is not their daddy. I don't care who the Government kills as long as it ain't me.  I LOVE AMERICA! Who ever threatens the security of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA during times of war is LISTED AS AN ENEMY COMBATANT AND A #1 CANDIDATE FOR ELIMINATION BY THE DRONE PROGRAM.

What did you expect an African war lord to do with his new toys???

All the commercial airlines flying Over America are going to need to paint their underbellies some sort of identifying color so as not to be shot at by #$%$ off Americans.

The Prime Directive of drone use. Good idea, don't go all crazy Texan shooting randomly in the air with those things... anymore.

Well well well, Republicans have finally found a method of war they do not like. Who could have guessed?

This gets creepier and creepier....all of this sounded far fetched when I was a kid... it should still sound far fetched.... can we all have our own drones so we can monitor washington dc criminals?Obama, you are unbelieveable!  He will be playing golf now with a radar cover costing the tax payers $100,000,000 a game to cover his #$%$  So much for his foriegn country visits!

Now Russia and China can go tit for tat with the US drone strikes, and other countries that also that will start using Drones, the  Pandora box has been opened.There is a lot of  collateral damage by these strikes on there target.

Iran shot down has one of our Drones Obama did nothing

Rule No.1 "Only do what I say. I'm the President." Rule No.2 "All other rules are subject to my approval." Rule No.3 "Don't #$%$ me off."

One thing is right!!     War is war !!!( -not agaknst us!....... but, against our enemy!!!))))

If Obama wants global rules, maybe he should begin by expressing some willingness to follow the existing rules.

dont point that  finger at me you useless president. it may have a nail on it. it actually looks like the nail that states that all working americans will have to pay for the sorry americans that wont work and dont have to because of your your free food credit card  you give out month after month.  WHY WORK WHEN OBAMA IS IN CHARGE! obama is  nothing but a #$%$ disgrace to hard working tax payers. obama u suck !

Lots of blocked messages!!  What a shame-is important for mee , to know "why the anger?"  Has he implied or said it?Because it says here His NAME !!Why do people fear OUR government could hurt us!?  Turn against USA citizens!!?Sounds terrible,  this is USA !!Insane the days We are living  in OUR country!!!!  ... In the World.Too bad that we dont have the good relation with our government to be able to keep secretcy  and trust! and the whole World get to know what we have and our abilities...  We have lost a lot!!When IGNORANCE reigns,,,,And LACK of patriotism  spoilsAnd !!!When Inmense Invasion ofScavengers that come to eat and TAKEBut do not love L O V E !!!   our land as fervently as their own....  Only to drain it... And critizes it....Terrible energy....!!!!!!!!! ~~ And people like that ...should not have the right to vote!!!People here come from very messed countries! Not obeying OUR laws because, in THEIR countries, they lived like that!!The right to become CiTIZENS in Our USAShould NOT. Be given before 20 years here and that they have learned Fluently to speak English TO BE WELL iNFORMED   And!!    To comprehend our heart and mind!!  So that they will adapt and learn how we have always live here!!!Cant live here and be against the grain of our country!!!

WW-I I I.

Eventually we'll be sending T-101 to war, and everything will be automated by Skynet.It was the same with nuclear missiles. When we got them, no big issue. When the Soviets got them, uh-oh, we need rules put in place.This wouldn't have gotten out of hand if we weren't crashing them into every country on the globe. Now they're being reverse-engineered, and made by 20 different countries.

Oh so now that other countries have drones Obama wants to say who and how they can use them.

I wonder how he and the politicians would like it if the American Public built their own drones and decided on their own if they would use deadly force on the washing d.c. crowd? seriously I wonder how they would feel? I bet no better about it than we do. drones have no place in American cities, this is a technology that should only be used against our enemies during war time.

Hmmmm. What if ChinaRussia/North Korea label the Bushes, Clintons, and Obamas as world terrorists and authorize drone strikes on them? It's becoming a more interesting world everyday.

Whatever Obama supports is the wrong way so if you want to be right, do the opposite of what he does and says.

Four more years of BO? Time to stock up on soap and deodorant. Things are really starting to stink!

New target........CPAC

"That jump in use of armed drones resulted from the authorization to use "signature" strikes, which allowed targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity."Get out of your local garb and start dressing like Richard Simmons. It's the only way to survive.

this man is an #$%$

Our Forefathers knew that if you give a government your Freedoms you will most certainly loose your Liberty and become slaves to that government. The Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are more costly. We don't need to reinvent the constitution and the bill of right but protect them at all costs while labeling citizens that attack them as traitors and punish them, if convicted, by public hanging.Our Forefathers knew that if you give a government your Freedoms you will most certainly loose your Liberty and become slaves to that government. The Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are more costly. We don't need to reinvent the constitution and the bill of right but protect them at all costs while labeling citizens that attack them as traitors and punish them, if convicted, by public hanging.

I thought the government couldn't use the military to kill US citizens????? or maybe that part of the constitution can be erased just as the 2nd amendment is on its way out as well. Please explain where in the US a citizen can hide that a tomahawk missile needs to be used? Why not spot with drone and capture with law enforcement? I really dont see the need for drones over US soil. Someone please explain?

Great, now other countries can follow the US in killing innocent civilians in potentially "dangerous" countries.

One thing is clear...Obama is an idiot...and so are his followers

Yes, I think the USA certainly has already set the standard for drones.  It's called "Anything Goes."

Obama is already useing a drone,Vice president Biden

After a decade of the US having secret drone surveillance and secret attacks, now the super power wants to set rules - Perhaps they are scared of a little payback

Wow , Oblunder is finally realizing that someone else will have the controls of the joy stick and that his #$%$ might be in the Sights of that Chinese made Drone !  Pay per View will make a ton of money when that Drone Strike happens!

Those who set the rules, are typically above the law.They set rules for sheeple and demand civil obedience.Obey or be droned...it's coming folks...don't fool yourself.

if it really will go global why not use it on wildlife poachers and whalers....He has to see first if it will put us even further in the hole !

So guess since the government sees fit to use drones they wont be surprised when some hillbilly or some country sends drones after our pres and others  YEP I does believe they may have opened a whole new can of worms but now they want to put in rules HA HA dumby rules are for kids and play time may be over

Most politicians are drones.............

Look at the numbers of innocent citizens that die in an attack: 'HUNDREDS are killed'. Obama wants to make this casual warfare. Where are the anti-gun people now??? That what I thought: not caring. I'm awed by some people's absolute trust of the government!

Made in China.  1 out of 10 will work

So if they use drones on American soil it is an act of war?

When some individual or group flies a drone into the whitewash house, would the event be declared an act of war, a war crime, a rules violation or something referred to with the "payback is a beach" phrase?

Damn! Never heard of Pandora's Box!

Funny ...and SICK.Preznit Skynnee Nyggah The Illegitimate wants them for his personal hit squads...but NOT for anybody else.Typical Souf Syde Chitcago Hood Rat...overdue to stretch a rope.

Big Brother has entered the building.Big Brother has entered the building.

too late.

it only takes a drone the size of a fly ,its body loaded with explosives ,to fly in your ear canal and blow your brains out

well..there goes any freedom of privacy that we had left...I wonder if they will be perverted and be watchin' people have sex in the privacy of they're own homes thru the windows?  And, I'm actually not joking!I am truly living in a science fiction movie now..they can have these drones get all up in our business..at a very costly price..both freedom wise and cash wise..yet we are all these trillions in debt..do they really have the money for this?  O, yea..they are stealing it from us!!!

Bush signs the Patriot Act and gets a second term, Obama signs the NDAA and gets a second term.What the hell is wrong with us?

The US needs to adopt a "citizens first" policy before worrying about other countries.

anything can be a drone , cams and such go go on any rc copter or plane ,you gone guns had best spend money and make your own drones its your 2ndamendment right to keep and bare arm ,if that means on a drone then ok

It should say, Obama killing afgany farmers so he can take their property in the future for lith.

Drone light drone bright, first drone I see tonight, I wish I may I wish I might, have control of that drone tonight.

The war is over? We are still in Afghanistan, where is the end at? We have bigger fish to fry...Forget War, Lets focus now on jobs...Start Drilling, Pipelines, and open up the drilling not only on private land...We the People are the ones that suffer from failed policies...The war is over? We are still in Afghanistan, where is the end at? We have bigger fish to fry...Forget War, Lets focus now on jobs...Start Drilling, Pipelines, and open up the drilling not only on private land...We the People are the ones that suffer from failed policies...

more bs and give him everything you have  the new hitler  bow to the east

ooo and drones have been used over the last 15 years to kill enemies

shame on America!!!....Obama is a war criminal along Bush, Clinton, Cheney, Carter, Reagan, Kissinger and all his Jews ...a bunch of post war criminals ...creators of the New World Order!!!! People!!!! .... The terror is here!!! Al they need is your kids!!! They survive as long as you make more kids that will become their slaves!!!! .....

WE can only hope for a miracle: A Drone strike on the white house with Oblamo in residence.

The CIA can screw anything up.  From the Bay of Pigs, to Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia...you name they screw it.  Arrogance and the veil of secrecy will bring this country to its knees.

He needs to go back home to Kenya!

So this is how China is gonna assassinate him..lol

There should be no (0) drones in US airspace, domestic or military. All drones should be forbidden in the US or expected to be shot down!Our military and police can and do work around any rules to their advantage until they are stopped, and what terror group is going to abide by our rules anyway?It is not that hard to re-fit drones to their previous military use, Do you think any terriosts will follow the law? This thinking is just as stupid as the people that think making more gun laws is going to stop people from using guns for crime.

Well this guy makes me want to punch a someone in the baby maker. side note, why am i now getting floating ads on my yahoo page? guess it is time to move on to a new email address again.I wonder how long it will be until commercial passenger airliners don't even have pilots and crew on board! You know that's the direction things are going, the drone technology for unmanned aircraft. Some airliners already have a feature called "autoland" which the pilots just leave their hands off the control in the computer brings the aircraft in and lands it. If airlines could fly their planes without having to pay flight crews, you know they'd go for it!

RPG's on sale NOW!!!!!

yes, there are no rules as long as we are the only user, but much concern when others can do the same thing.... kind of like atomic weapons were i guess. power corrupts and imo the usa no longer has the moral high ground if it ever did. too bad, we could have set a standard but reality got in the way.

I have a few points to make about this drone killing. First, Once Rand Paul made it a huge issue, only then was Obama forced to act like he wants international rules and guidelines.Second, why would he need international rules and guidelines? The only reason is to legitimize what would be classified as homicide by every coroner in the U.S.I will also point out that Isrealis take out their enemies this way, too, but the world condemns them for it. This will legitimize their actions, too.Another thing to consider is that this policy is a text-book definition of a preemptive strike, something the democrats, media all railed against and still claim is a war crime, yet now are remarkable quiet about it.And it doesn't take an attorney to point out that assassinating people overseas, violating other countries sovereignty, etc is also against international law.Finally, you can invent new ways of delivering death, it doesn't change the fact that murder is still murder. If it was murder when Bush did it, it is murder when Obama does it. I'd like to hear all the partisan democrats voices as loud now and they were just prior to Bush's reelection. Or was that just politics and none of you really cared about it all. Your silence tells us the answer.

is it me, or does it feel like this is the begining of us living in a Star Wars movie?

Live by the sword, die by the sword. This is going to bite America in the #$%$...

How can someone say that he is “African–American”?  They are two descriptions with opposing attitudes.  It is like saying “violent–non-violent.”  It is as the master of all said: 13 No slave can serve two masters; for a slave will either hate the one and love the other, or be devoted to the one and despise the other.  You cannot serve God and the government.”  [LUKE 16:13]They are bred to BREED, like cockroaches, infesting society with crime, violence, hate, shame!  Just look at them; they can’t be human with their kinky slave hair, thick lips and huge nostrils.  More like primitive monkeys.TRUTH HURTS!♫♪						♫♪“You load sixteen tons and what do you get?Another day over and deeper in debt!Saint Peter don’t you call me ’cause I can’t go;I owe my soul to Barry Soetoro.”♫♪						♫♪Barry Soetoro is nothing but an ugly thief, robbing honest, diligent, hard-working people of their earnings.  Then wildly spending it on silly, foolish, ridiculous, wasteful programs to take care of his lazy slave brothers.

He should but drone over Sweden and take the Nobel Peace Prize judges before that revoke his award.

pandora's box has been opened...by the nobel peace prize winnerthis is a vision for world harmony?

Now that other countries have or will have drones we're saying don't do what we do. That would be wrong. So when those other countries use drones against someone they can't get to any other way and it happens to be our guys what then? What happens if those crazy North Koreans decide to use drones against defectors in South Korea in the future??? And they say they were just following our example? We can all see at some point the #$%$ is really going to hit the fan as everybody brings their remote control toys to the sandbox.... How long before countries start using drones in dog fights against other drones? Does anybody really doubt that could happen???The imbecile already set the standard for drone use. China and Russia, if they are to use this technology as the USA has, will launch strikes into other countries with or without their consent, will assassinate their enemies, and spy on their own citizens, even killing them at their discretion. That is the US (Obama) example. And let's not even talk about the example the US set with nukes in 1945.

I am no fan of drones.  The 'soldiers' flying them sit in swivel chairs eating donuts, chuckling as the missiles strike. It changes war into a video game. War should be fought person to person, so that the horror of it is understood.  Its the same reason all US males should be drafted - no deferments like Cheney and Rumsfeld and all the other chicken hawks got. Best way to keep peace is to draft the sons of the chickenhawks. Now Obama's generals suddenly find themselves concerned about how other countries may use choose to use drones.  Maybe they should have thought of that earlier, before setting a very bad example!!!

I fear when drones start taking down  domestic airlines. That drone  genie is out and  now the world will become even more unsafe for everyone, when you can remotely effect a war. Obama a peace prize winner?  Why? That  jiggerman is just a conman.

Classic DO AS I SAY NOT AS I DO!!!

And for your next trick Mr. President.... Backflips threw a flaming hoop?

How does this man still have supporters?

Calm down everyone...an execution is NOT torture.  Let's keep the focus on torture under the Bush Administration.

Can we vote on these things?

When the people of the U.S. don't listen to Obama, what makes one think other countries will listen.He feels his importance too much.

We can produce these little automatic death of destruction but we can't solve our budget problems. Our leaders would rather build guns than provide for it senior citizens or rebuild our infrastructure or have good education for our young, etc., etc., etc.We can produce these little automatic death of destruction but we can't solve our budget problems. Our leaders would rather build guns than provide for it senior citizens or rebuild our infrastructure or have good education for our young, etc., etc., etc.

So can foreign nations launch drone strikes at US Spec Ops as spies, insurgent support, out of uniform combatents?

Nope. We didn't have rules that the other guys knew about when we were the only ones doing it. We never consulted them. Now the others are about to do the same things, what makes us think that we can dictate to them now? They will politely tell us to go f ourselves. We're looking like hypocitical fools with this guy.

the anwser to 1884 is 1776....

doesn't that supposedly well educated, but obviously never taught manners, jerk, know that is impolite to point, which he does all the time........Lord save us from this #$%$-tat-or waannabe!

one world religion is on way too....

Type china drones into your search bar if you want to see  the future of war.

obama is not only a socialist, marxist pig, but now i can add to the list 'anti-christ'   with obamacare requiring us to inplant the RFID chip in us - yep.  this jew hating creep is coming after us.

Hey limit the drone mags to less than ten rounds.. What OBAMA wants for American with Defence weapons should be just as good for him ROFLMAO

The picture is from Argonne labs.  A company that Obama wants to use as a perminent money laundering operation to the tune of $200M a year.I wonder why Zakaria used that picture with a completely unrelated story.Fly one up his butt

They want to shift the drone operations from the CIA strictly to the pentagon. This way, Obama has full control and more secrecy.

He is so full of it. His agenda is all that matters to him...

big noise about nothing how many rember the days when b-52  flying world wide all the time with nukes

zeig Heil DER FERHUR OBOZO//////

Rule No.1 Only Obama can use drones to attack U.S. citizens.

Remember how Obama and the left and their media buddies, vilified Bush and the Missile Defense ? Guess what all of a sudden now President Obama is building a missile Defence on the Eats. Coast?  Where are you Obama fans? Another broken promise and counting.....

"We are constantly working to refine, clarify, and strengthen the process for considering terrorist targets for lethal action," Hayden said. Or on our home territory?The administration recognizes "we are establishing standards other nations may follow," she said. Control the people…then we control home.James Lewis, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank, said other countries, including Russia, have unarmed reconnaissance drones. China says it has an armed drone, but "we don't know if it works," he said. Yes comrades we have them also. Are you freaking kidding me?“Getting agreement on the applicability of existing humanitarian law to the new technologies is crucial," he said, because China and Russia do not endorse applying laws of armed conflict to new military technologies.” I think we don’t either?

Obama is an Evil Person...He wants "The Peoples" Guns.  He ordered over a Billion rounds of ammunition for Homeland Security.  He ordered over 2700 Military vehicles for Homeland Security.  He wants a Homeland Military who is not afraid of killing Americans.  He wants to use Drones against the American People...........and so much more.  Who voted for this guy ?  We might have needed Herman Cain in the White House instead of this guy.

The whole world is going to implode isn't it ?!thumbs up if you think Obama and his cronies are complete idiots...drone them!

Quintessential Chinese: reverse engineering something that they lack creativity and ingenuity in doing.  From iPads to now Drones.

Matthew 7:15"Watch out for false prophets. They come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves."(MURDER, liek 911, Search Building 7 collaspe, you will see SSatan)

Obama is a war criminal and he should be put up for trial at the Hague.

Just like when the A-bomb first appeared.  Deterrence wasn't an issue until someone other than the US had the technology.  Suddenly, ohhhh, there have to be rules, usually one of them being that countries we are not friendly are not allowed to have/pursue the technology.  Another Pandora's box is open, and here we all are.

Only our Constitution and Bill of Rights protect us from corruption and Tyranny in our government. The framers of the second and fourteenth amendments intended to guarantee an individual right to carry firearms and other common hand-carried arms. It is inconceivable that they would have tolerated the suggestion that a free person has no right to bear arms without the permission of a state authority, much less the federal government, or that a person could be imprisoned for doing so. They would however see just cause in hanging many of todays politicians for treason.

Right wing pukes are peeing their diapers, scared they're on Obama's drone list !

Poor terrorists- they are so mistreated. I feel bad that we declared war on them now

Maybe we shouldn't hunt terrorists at all. They will be so appreciative they won't attack us anymore. We can call it the tea tard plan

9/11 was a drone strikeThank you Big Brother for creating the biggest police-state known to man.

So much for political refugee.

tell you a secret ,there are 1000s and 1000s of drones that overfly america 24/7 everyday of the week ,and what they are doing is they have been outfitted with high tech sensors and cams ,these sensors are based on a dogs sense of smell ,but multiplied by millions of times,they are used to(sniff) out gun stockpliles , they can totally sniff out ,every gun and every round of ammo and things you dont think about like gunoil, the  only thing you have to figure out is why this is being done ,hint its not about whos party is the president at all!

Obama lost this technology. these countries did not learn it.

maybe some one will hack one and send it back to obamas hiding area

Well, that was Amos........ where's Andy ??

The Great Almighty OBOZOMESSIAH is now trying to rule the world. The Dictator is widening his position on bigger Government in all countries.This POS MUST BE IMPEACHED AT ONCE.

Wake up America, Hell ,Just walked through the door and we have 4 more years of it,if the Country makes it. Did everybody go to sleep or is everyone affraid to speak up,where are the Congressmen and Senators and the American People That still care about the Country!Hello, is their anybody out there!!

It is silly for some people to argue that Bush started using drones so lay all the problems at his feet.   Really?   Obama as a political candidate said he would cross any border of any country harboring terrorists.   Has he fulfilled his pledge?   Obama sees the benefits of using drones.   The CIA just likes their new deadly toys.

Obama has killed more Al-Qaeda than Bush and Clinton combined.  Go Obama!Why is it that we only have drone aircraft?  It seems to me that we might use the same technology to operate tanks, torpedo boats, subs, etc.That could save lives, at least on our side of the equation.However, I don't think that there is anything that will replace the ordinary foot soldier!

i wonder what he will b thinking the next time he is on the golf course? Id say that these drones will be on his mind cause if 1/2 of america dislikes him..id say 1/2 or more of the world does also.

Turnabout is fair play - what is Obama going to say when the Pakistani's start targeting high US officials on US soil?More troubling is the availability of "home drones". Say there was a political event and the time and GPS location of the podium was known. From several miles away a drone can be launched that homes to the podium via GPS - GPS can't easily be jammed and since the drone is flying on it's own there's no "remote control" to jam.I can see it now, the last word of the speech is "INCOMMING!!!!!!!!!!!!"

The new Monopoly Game Token....the Drone.

Eventually even the Muslims will find drone strike advantageous to suicide bombings.

How typical of the Obama regime: Behave as recklessly and as totalitarian as they wish, and then turn around and frown and shake their finger when someone else does the same thing.

RUN HARRISON OUT OF THE COUNTRY NOW...............

I don't care what ANYBODY says. Drone use is NOT "normal", and I won't EVER get used to it. They are an invasion of my privacy, and I feel threatened.  Obama can stick it where the sun don't shine.

Man, I want a drone with a camera on it, Could watch that woman in the apartment next to mine change. She has the greatest bubble butt.

So now Obumer wants to be the Drone King of the World, Whats new? He wants to be King of everythin else.obummer is NOT a good man he is a Snake in the Grass just like Bubba Clinton !!!!!  He is NOT as bad as the MASS MURDERING TRAITOR and THEIF little georgie bush but almost !!!!!  STOP the DRONE PROGRAMS NOW before WE LOSE ALL OUR RIGHTS !!!!!!

are the tea baggers with the U.N. on drones, or with Obama? the comments seem towards the U.N.

Drones are for going after the Leaders not the grunts ... maybe some of these Dictators will take notice ... everyone has an enemy somewhere !

And he will want to dictate(tor) the rules and change them as he sees fit.

I'm sure the people of Pakistan and Afghanistan would love to send some drones over here and blow up a few wedding parties and coffee shops to kill people who have committed crimes against their nations...just like we did to them.  The whole program is short sighted and barbaric.  It's like we never learn that everything we do has consequences for the future.

Big Brother Is Watching you,

Use it to do good - not alienate other countries. How about using to strike on wildlife poachers and illegal whaling. One strike will send a message and I bet these low-lifes will stop.

why is it so "uncomfortable' to know we have drones and they are being used again? sorry... i just thought that it would be great if we could accomplish our military goals with little to no casualties and risk of our own flesh and blood troops if possible...maybe I was/am wrong but since when was war supposed to be a fair and balanced checkers game with rules and regulations on how you can kill another human being? should we allow them to attack first and allow them to get the weapons in place when we know what they promise to do? frankly I dont need to know everything the U.S. govt does in cases of how it specifically attacks. The less the publlic knows about that the better because we dont want to give away all our secrets! Now the enemy knows what we know and we need rules and regulations. ;/  nobody complains when we win battles and wars and we can safetly sleep at night... so dont complain because we have drones!

A cowards weapon but when others get them we must have rules.The same thing with nukes.Got a real BAD weapon keep it sceret till you have to use it once out anyone can copy it and they will

Ray !! What is your idea?This is what i always mean!!!  Ray, which side you are on!!??? : 0why is it so "uncomfortable' to know we have drones and they are being used again? sorry... i just thought that it would be great if we could accomplish our military goals with little to no casualties and risk of our own flesh and blood troops if possible...maybe I was/am wrong but since when was war supposed to be a fair and balanced checkers game with rules and regulations on how you can kill another human being? should we allow them to attack first and allow them to get the weapons in place when we know what they promise to do? frankly I dont need to know everything the U.S. govt does in cases of how it specifically attacks. The less the publlic knows about that the better because we dont want to give away all our secrets! Now the enemy knows what we know and we need rules and regulations. ;/  nobody complains when we win battles and wars and we can safetly sleep at night... so dont complain because we have drones!

A cowards weapon but when others get them we must have rules.The same thing with nukes.Got a real BAD weapon keep it sceret till you have to use it once out anyone can copy it and they will

Ray !! What is your idea?This is what i always mean!!!  Ray, which side you are on!!??? : 0

The People shouldn't be afraid of the government, the government should be scared of The People.

you want to bring clarity to the american people? bring the technology to the american people and start providing real jobs.

drones are not a good thing, if a leader wants war, then make war, and make it visible so all can see the horror and devastation that is war. bush called the 9-11 hijackers faceless cowards for doing what they did, how are drone attacks any different!

Sounds like we need to cut more defense spending

Now isn't he the greatest smartest president.....????  NOT

After dominating the technology on Drone's then trying to make rules to other governments in development of their own, well you can buddy buddy all you want, but that is not going to happen.  When the playing field becomes equal, play the ACE card.  From what I've been reading our new technologies are going to save people overseas, in some cases they already are.  The "Drone issue" to me isn't that big a deal.  It's Technology for war, precision targeting, and intelligence gathering.  We've been doing that since World War II, just used different means to get it done.  Well everything except precision targeting.  We couldn't do it then, so the casualties for innocent people caught in a war zone, or special ops situation is something positive to focus on, even though they aren't perfect.  But the loss of life of the innocent is worth it.  Seems we always jump on the latest drama, without considering the reason's for using this type of technology.

No such thing as war crimes anymore . The only war crimes today are the ones being carried out against the American people by the current administration . Peeing on a dead terorist is not a war crime , water boarding is not a war crime . What the MUSLIMS do with the dead bodies of Americans could be called a war crime but the mere fact that the armed forces are not allowed to respond in kind , well now that is a war crimeI thought the standard was due process and active hostile engagement.

according to NDAA - 2011.... Oblamo can drone any of us, anywhere, without warrant, judicial review or even a trial....   You 47% takers voted for him so you could get your "free " stuff.. Enjoy it, losers.

when guns were first adopted, they werre sthought to be more humane than axes and swords, and rules were set up- they did not last.

Too late to stop 1984 now

im war vet destert storm they is no such war any kind being prety all is ugly

From National Geographic article:"A law signed by President Barack Obama in February 2012 directs the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to throw American airspace wide open to drones by September 30, 2015."Say goodbye to civil liberties in just one more attack on the constitution.

Would someone please start the impeachment process....

A two-edged sword can be very dangerous to anyone wielding it.  When the ACLU and other organizations like Wikileaks starts to publicly demand the CIA or any other organization dealing with intelligence and covert actions to reveal itself that will be like cutting the throats of our security.   Transparency is very, very, very dangerous in a world where people want to hurt us by gaining access to our secrets.

drone on drone warfare- comming to a conflict near youstop spending  billions on the f-35technology is moving faster then men-- the constitution never envisioned dronesSteubenville rape case - twitter and cel phone evidencewiki leakssocial media and the internetcyberwarfarestuxnetprobably the most important 21 st thought - assymetric warfareTiny north korea has turned the world into knots trying to contain their bellicose behavioriran- same problema hacker attack is assymetric - a small group of people attacking a major corporations  web sitesthe cyber attacks by china against americaNO ONE CAN FIGHT THE AMERICAN MILITARY IN A CONVENTIONAL WAR9--11 was brillaint demonstration of assymetric warfare.We need some really smart people out there talking about this stuff

American so-called (Leaders) are so full of themselves they don't want any rules until some other country has the same killing abilities. Now watch them all come forward and try to demand fair and open rules!!!!!  America has become a world bully thats going to run into the wrong adversary someday soon and our leaders will run down into their ratholes to hide just like they did when the World trade centers went down. America needs to just stay home and quit trying to rule the world. We have nothing to offer these countries other than corrupt political advice, crooked bankers, failed banks, failed military adventures, failing schools, failing cities, sleazy mortgages, and a full range of scams of the elderly and the poor.I foresee drone attacks by the US on its own Citizens who are a threat to National Security or the Obama Administration Then the blame will be placed on Foreign Countries. which inevitably causes WW3!

fk the new world order . fk obama . fk chewbacca. fk the un. fk fema. fk agenda 21

Signature Strikes  based on behavior - Humm He Looks Like a Drug Dealer BAM! You look like an immigrant BAM! Did not pay taxes BAM!  -OMG! Your speeding on the high way BAM! What happened To Innocent till proven guilty.. Acting Shady is not a crime!

And I give unto you my commandments, sayeth the Lord Obama:1. Thou shalt have no gods before me, I am the ONLY god you need.2. I am all-seeing and all-knowing. In fact I'm watching you right now.3. Thou shalt pay tribute unto me by giving me 28 percent of thy income every April.4. Thou shalt not kill. I alone have that right. Anyone, anytime, anywhere, for any reason or none at all.5. Thou shalt not steal. Only I can.6. Thou shalt not lie. That too is reserved to me alone.7. There is no evil greater than the 22nd Amendment. I shall abolish it forever.8. Power is not a means to an end, but an end in itself.9. Let there be Health Care, even if it means the bankruptcy of the Nation.10. Due to budget cuts, there is no money for this last Commandment.Hear the word of Lord Obama, and Obey!

big brother is back again

I see someone named "Greg" is on line posting ridiculous, untruthful comments about the Tea Party....hired by the Democrats to spread disinformation to the weak-minded....

The only reason Romney lost is because the country is full of moocher losers that don't want to work for anything but just collect free #$%$. Can't beat Santa.

Obama says it's ok to use the drones everywhere including on US soil against US citizens. Since he deems we are a threat to him he can have us wacked while were on the pooper. Without being found guilty at a trial of our peers.  Now he wants RULES????? #$%$

87 billion dollars a month to foriegn banks, come on you sick #$%$

impeachent #$%$ get these flipping idot out of office all of them ..UR Fired...impeachent #$%$ get these flipping idot out of office all of them ..UR Fired...

I'll bet when we the people can make our own drones then we'll see some new rules, one insane person will commit an act of violence and we'll need to ban , every bodies , sound familiar

some one needs to break about the emp machine and let these idiots have it.  one good emp and we wont have to worry about all their technological toys and gadgets.  bring on the emp.

The same thing happened after other Nations began getting Nuclear arsenals....We had them first, used them, and then told every one else "Hey! you're not allowed to use these!"

FOR EVERY FREEDOM, LIBERTY LOVING PATRIOTS:Search Anti Drone tech.Company in Oregon are going to be selling anti drone tech to civilians to PROTECT US FROM THIS TYRANNY!Times counting down.

The filibuster of drones by Rand Paul did not mention drones were in America.Why isn't this made public? Rand, get back to that filibuster again and tell uswhy drones are in America.

Might need 100 round magazines for drones.Never thought they might have a use for me  besides maybe fun factor.

Oh just stay out of the worlds business. Go back to your room and stay there.

Soon the soldiers will be saying, "they took our jobs"

I live in the country and I am tired of it all. The media, the arrogant president and politicians. This country was founded by rebels with a just cause. Our freedoms aren't going anywhere. The pos's who think they can take away our constitution are gravely mistaken. I am signing off this B.S. blogIm working on the next generation 'drone'. Its called 'THE DISEASE'. I will be able to monitor any living creature, from anywhere - and 'strike' at will. And you know whats really cool? People PAY US to do this to them. hahahahahaha...

The article mentions debate about putting drones under the control of the military rather than "intelligence" services.  I thought the overall plan, ramped up by the Bush/Cheney regime and continued by the Obama circus, was to put all functions possible in the hands of private contractors and corporations that pay the highest bribes......I mean political contributions.

This is no different than the old German U-boats/submarines, they were the envy of the world back then until the technology was adopted by the rest of the industrialized world; now it's drones the Iranians claim to have captured a drone practically every week, the technology can't be that top secret our tech sector is filled with Chinese/Indian/eastern European nationals who get layed-off here and get sent back home, do you think they are not interested in proving to their old employers that they can duplicate that tech in their own countries, please!  this tech should never leave the CIA the Defense Department is nothing more then the front office of industry there is no standard of national security there.

Can say Skynet?

Obama is an enemy of the republic and freedom. Total fascist

This infringement on global society will be our undoing....mark my words.

he set the precident.  Americans will cry foul when someone flies into american air space and kills someone with a drone. they will hav Obama to thank.  obama has been murdering citizens of other countries for several years now. it's gonna come back to us sooner or later

A brand new day, or at least brand new way to wage war and destruction from continents away.

don't pay any attention to the man behind the curtin "I AM THE GREAT AND POWERFUL OZ"

If &amp;ull #$%$ were money this story would be worth more than bill gates entire wealth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Here are the rules for world drone use! Which ofcourse we will not look at again.

The WE THE PEOPLE country that we love is dying and turning into I the politician smh

what is all the fuss about,? republicans have been using drones for years, their main drone is prime minister Netanyahu of Israel.

Great...just great! What's next Obumer? The frickin' cat is out of the bag and you're playin' catch-up tryin' to make the rules of the game as you're playin' it! Like that's gonna happen!Let's see if you can lay down the rules to the world without them saying one thing to your face while doing something else behind your back!Look...the problem here is almost like the ban-on-gun issue! Pandoras Box is already open...the cat is already out of the bag...and trying to put Pandora back in the box or the cat back in the bag IS A WASTE OF TIME AND EFFORT! You can't control the world, Obumer...just like you can't pass laws on the lawless and expect it to make any difference! These other Countries are gonna make their own Drones and they could care less what you have to say about it! Just like the black market of guns....pass a law and see if they care! All you do when you outlaw guns is open up another avenue of making money! Please tell me you didn't forget what history has taught us about Prohibition!!! YOU CAN'T LEGISLATE MORAL BEHAVIOR BY PASSING A LAW OR SETTING UP SOME KIND OF RULES OF ENGAGEMENT!!!Jihad says kill the infidel (ANYWAY YOU CAN)....and North Korea is never going to play by ANYONE ELSE'S RULES!!! Only an imbecilic egoistical jac#$%$ss  would even entertain the idea of making rules!!!

It's all fun and games until everyone else gets em.

The true hypocrite is the one who lies with sincerity.

We need battle bots to fight in the ring, winner take all and settles international conflict!

They shouldn't be used to spy on us, and to kill any one in other countries either. These are acts of war.  So much for the Nobel Peace Prize.

So Mr President you think that since the world may use drones to kill there should be world wide standards?? Well the only standard that you have the right to ask of the world is the same standard you use, nothing else. Any other standard makes you what you reallly are, a hypocrit.

So...is this about to turn into a "skynet" situation?So...is this about to turn into a "skynet" situation?

Power is a drug and Obama is addicted. Wake up America.

We used them in any way we wanted. Now that others have them, we must make rules. Rules we will break and hold others responsible for breaking.

Why did the one we lost get blown over, swept under the carpet, not retrieved? Did Obama just give this away?

Global Securitized Plutocracies !!!!!  GSP.  We better STOP these PARASITES NOW before the Whole World is INFECTED !!!!!!!

I bet you that we r going to sell them to some of our enemies after a while in the name of profits fr the private sector , like we did with IBM.

Kenyan ideology, I suppose.

Anyone with two brain cells to rub together could see this coming-I can't wait to see what happens when Pakistan, China, Mexico Etc puts a drone in the air over D.C.  Maybe our Govt. leaders will finally be able to agree on SOMETHING!

when they drone us with our own drowns...

LIST of things to buy ------ DRONE SHELTER---LIST of things to buy ------ DRONE SHELTER---

China had considered conducting its first drone strike to kill a suspect in the 2011 murder of 13 Chinese sailors,And if he's in San Francisco, Chicago, New York or anywhere in between? How can Obama, now that he has set the precedent, say they are in violation of any law if they take him out here?

Pressure being applied because the are SO effective,,,,What about the road side BOMBS ??

The world just seems to be getting scarier all the time.

what I am afraid of is when someone hacks the drone tech and targets who ever the hacker wants

Follow the rules? When did Russia or China ever do that? Someone needs to watch the movie "Terminator" again.

NEW-WORLD-ORDER

Don't be fooled. Obama is scarier than Bush ever was. This man is a dictator fi there every was one. He'd love to be the New World Order Leader. He's repulsive and there is nothing American about this man.

the traitorous media is pretending that drone use is okay, but anybody with an ounce of sense knows that this is a key tool in their arsenal they’re going to use against us, especially the democraps and repukelicans working to please their bangkster masters.

Our Forefathers knew that if you give a government your Freedoms you will most certainly loose your Liberty and become slaves to that government. The Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are more costly.He is THE war president killing innocent children by the hundreds. As evil a man as we have seen since Hitler.

911 they flew a few planes into buildings killing people, imagine a political event tens of thousands of americans attending here flies in thousands of drones dropping devices into the crowd or tear gas , nerve gas or anything else they want, they already walk the streets and pack bags with bombs and pack cars full of bombs just wait til it happens on us soil, america needs to wake up and wake up fast bad things are comming really bad, let them take away your guns take away your liberties in the name of justice, then and only then will you learn what injustice is all about. i got 3 words for you  HEAD  or BACK

Democrats and Republicans aside, our government is just becoming more and more F'd up.  Its embarrassing that they are trying to put laws in place now after they have used drones so freely for so long.

He wants drone rules. Right, like  he wants gun trafficking rules after the guns went to Mexico courtesy of Eric Holder and Co.who are still in the clear,and it never was settled who was guilty of what. The American People deserve better than this idiot in the WH.

obama is a drone

What a creep and to think he is president....... and even talk that his wench may run for the presidency in 2016... just how far down have we gone...... it is scary

"That jump in use of armed drones resulted from the authorization to use "signature" strikes, which allowed targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity". Sounds sketchy to me, like assasination of any and all the govt suspects or wants to get rid of. Watch out private groups and clubs.

Our Forefathers knew that if you give a government your Freedoms you will most certainly loose your Liberty and become slaves to that government. This is why they wrote the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Recently our politicians have committed Treason by passing and renewing legislation taking away some of the rights listed in the Bill of Rights called the Patriot Act. I urge you to read it. Now they wish to abuse their positions by controlling our Arms and using drones to track and attack us. If you are in denial of what our government has become I suggest you Read The Declaration of Independence, The Constitution and the Bill of Rights. God Bless Us All.

Only our Constitution and Bill of Rights protect us from corruption and Tyranny in our government. The framers of the second and fourteenth amendments intended to guarantee an individual right to carry firearms and other common hand-carried arms. It is inconceivable that they would have tolerated the suggestion that a free person has no right to bear arms without the permission of a state authority, much less the federal government, or that a person could be imprisoned for doing so. As the Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are often more costly.

It won't be long before Sky net is created and we all know what happens after thatThis monkey has never had a genuine thought other than con's and scams in his life. It is a fact this is the way of his race, Every educated person knows this rather they admit it or not. Why not dumb down America by holding white kids education back by letting black kids try to catch up with them in the same school then open up the borders so the labor force is taken away from American born citasions and put a monkey in the white house. Then lets talk about other countries having nuclear weapons. And talk And talk And talk some more, And while were at it let pickle puffin quars be scout leaders so little boys can learn how to paint there finger nails and put on make up.Someone run this through spell check for me, I'm going to polish my guns, drink a beer and find a site were I can bash the pickle puffers and carpet munchers.

I sure hope hope my neighbor doesn't start building his romote plane to attack my house. We are good neighbors but who knows??? He could be a plant by Obama. He is a Socialist and me a Independent.   I have installed mirrows reflecting toward his house just in case,

If the Chinese can get Mrs. Obamas credit card the can hack drones just as easily or who ever wants to start a war...I wonder what the average person in any country gets out of these wars? The thermite used in the 911 demolitions only comes from 2 places, USA and Israel!Funny how some how we get attacked and it always results in the loss of our freedom and rights.  Leonardo Davinci once said I can turn and triangle into a square if I say it enough times....

You know what's funny about this. The fact that everyone in the comments has said nothing good about him or what he is trying to pull off. And mean while I can guarantee a good amount of you voted for him. If you voted for him you got no one to blame but your self and people like you. Granted neither one was a good choice but you picked the worst of the 2  now we have to deal with him for another 4 years  because of people like you. For a test if you voted for Romney like this comment if you voted for Obama dislike this comment and we'll see.

#$%$. First of all China is not part of the allies. So why in the hell are you going to let them have there own drones too. They are already destroying our economy....Hell, while your at it. why dont you just send them tanks, planes, missles, weapons. Soon after its going to be called the United States of China. Unbeliveable.

Would like to thank the darkies, the illegal roaches and the rest of the uneducated masses for putting this clown back in office.

I am pretty sure that when Jesus said "love your enemies" he meant don't kill them.

how nice,after others start using drones,the usa wants international rules!!---usa,cad nation!!

Rules?  Rules?  You want rules?  You scared little weak sister!

Here are the rules for lethal action, no judge, no jury, just executive orders.Go ahead ... Declare War on "those who would do us mischief".

think of these rules as an expansion of American power and influence on the world. the other countries will be restricted while we will have free reign enforcing the rules

"When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace." -Jimi Hendrix

dont go for it!!JESUS said  ' I AM THE WAY THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER EXCEPT THRU ME!!For GOD so loved THE WORLD he gave his only son, whoever would believeon him will not perish but have eternal life.JESUS did not come to condemn the world but to save it, those who dont believe are already condemned

ITS ALL ABOUT KILLING.

globlel rules if a war brakes out they is no rules with drones or what they can do

We need to get out of them countrys and leave them alone

Obama opened a Pandora's Box with the use of these drones. He has brought forth a scourge against America and the world.  He will be remembered for this misdeed and others still hidden and he will be considered vile. Is it any wonder that he wanted life time coverage of himself and his family by the secret service?

Obama does not seek global "rules".  He seeks global RULE.Some people say that he is The Islamic Anti-Christ.What do you think?

Now we are going to need permission from who? Iran ?the whole bunch of you need to put your tin foil hats back on and go to sleep.

Rule #1: no drones.Rule #2: Read rule #1.

Is this gonna be like the Free Trade Agreement

in case you didnt know............  this ONE WORLD ORDER...  every leader talks about....ITS IN THE BIBLE.... IT SHOULD CONCERN YOU... COMING TO THE ONLY PLANET THAT SUSTAINS LIFE.... RULER of one world order is satan  as he possesses a man to take full control of GLOBE.

Just think.  Someday a hitman will be sitting in a Paris hotel and by computer fly a six inch drone behind you (in the US), kill you, crash the drone right next to you and the police will just scatch their heads wondering how they will be able to combat these things!  We need drone control, not gun control!

so now he is worried thay some one will put one up his #$%$ so he wants to make the rules to protect him and all the electid elite

Wake the Fuuuccc#$%$ up! Iffffffff If the Tyranny has the upper hand YOU lose. I'm buying a Drone every month for my protection... You should see it shoot a deser.............

Cry baby Americans....you #$%$ complain about everything, you're neversatisfied...

A new poll indicates that Baraaack is no better than Bush at protecting civil liberties. In fact, the pollster had some follow up questions but split when he saw a drone fly overhead.

Well in lieu of sending a cruise missile a drone will be sent probably wit more accuracy.  President Obama really needs to work on the economy and not consider things outside the USA.MY challange to Obummer: answer these querries...WHY??!!Barack HUSSEAN Obamas RECORDOccidental College records...................................SEALEDColumbia College records.....................................SEALEDHarvard College records........................................SEALEDSelective Service Registration...............................SEALEDMedical Records..................................................SEALEDIllinois State Senate Schedule...............................SEALEDIllinois State Senate Records..................................SEALEDLaw Practice Client List.........................................SEALEDCertified Copy of ORIGIONAL Birth Certificate..........SEALEDBaptism Record.....................................................SEALEDMichelle Obama can no longer practice law, WHY?Michelle Obama has 22, assistants when other first ladies had only (1) one?"Foreign student aid" as a college student?Used _?_ countries "passport" when YOU visited Pakistan in 1981?08/17/2007 to SEIU: "Your agendas been MY agenda....."07/13/2008 to La Raza: "We rise and fall together as one people..........and together......we will transform this nation."01/17/2008 "If someone wants to build a coal powered plant, they can,It's just that it will bankrupt them......Under MY plan of a cap-and-trade system.electricity rates would necessarily SKYROCKET."Endorsed by the Communist Party in 2004Endorsed by the CPUSA* 2008Endorsed by the CPUSA* 2012note CPUSA stands for Communist Party U. S. A.these are Americans who are Communists and wish this FREE nation to fall!!!!

So we spent BILLIONS... Iran hacked one and landed it... Now China, Russia, and others reverse engineered it and got the same technology for probably less then a 100 million. Go figure.

Why not have unarmed drones fly above our borders and shorelines to watch for enemy attacks or even illegal immigrants. Nah that's too easy for our government. They'd prefer heavily armed drones flying over every metropolitan area with  an atom bomb in each.

Socialism at it's best what an #$%$ hole he is. One world government with this monster as leader. Revolution anyone!!!!!!!!!!!

I like the fact Obama is using drones to kill Jihadist #$%$. Its unfortunate that some bystanders die. But thats the price these countries must pay for supporting terrorists. I also liked it when Bush put his foot down in the middle-east and made an example out of Iraq. Its important that the U.S has a foot-hold in that part of the world. Keeping the terrorists in check is a good thing. As much as I cant stand Obama, I think he has done well in continuing what Bush started in going after the terrorists who wish to bring us down. Sometimes we need to flex our muscles to the world and let them know the United States is still the top dog. What I dont like is Obama or anyone in the state or federal government using drones to spy on or even attack Americans.

'Set the standard'? We're now going to attempt the hopeless exercise of dictating to other countries under what circumstances they should feel restrained from putting a guided missile through the window of someone they regard as a high value target? I would suggest that the most prudent course would simply be to out build and out innovate everyone else so that in the event of a 'drone war' we have in our arsenal the most sophisticated and capable machines. Our fleet of aircraft carriers are currently deploying with two thirds of the aircraft they're capable of carrying simply because we don't have the planes or the pilots to send a fully loaded ship. I'd suggest that the Navy would be smart to field an offensive drone with better flight characteristics and higher wing loads which could more then make up this shortfall increasing the fleet's capability three fold.

DRONES ARE COOL

I  address  him  as  Pharaoh............uncaring  ruler  of  a  country.  All  tyrants  rule  from  the  hardness  of  there  heart.  O' mighty  Pharaoh  Obama   sees  everything   from  his  eyes  only......he  does  not  see  anyone  else.

fact is the USA is no longer a world power but they like to (erroneously and grandiosely think so).

We must protect the rights of terrorists. If we don't use drones and ask them pretty please, maybe they won't attack usIs this guy still president,????? lol...

Thanks ever so much, o'bumma.  You've mananged to put us all "in harm's way". No foreign enemy could have done it better!!. But then again, being from Kenya, you are foreign even tho you won't acknowledge it.

Obama is simply another war-mongering imperialist like Bush before him. Our political system ensures that no matter who the people "choose", the same capitalist military-industrial interests will never be challenged. Some democracy we have.

I don't know what's worse.  Listening to the whining of drones in the sky or the whining about drones in the sky.

obama claims he can use them in anyone's air space, anytime he wants, without approval  but, now that the other kids are getting them, he wants rules. Well, like criminals with guns, these wacko countries with drones do not care about rules.

We are in a war on terror, wimps! Man up and FIGHT

LOL ... the only rules he wants to create is the Usless Failure Mis-Leaders are exempt ! LOL.Fat chance ... drones were invented to cut of the heads of snakes !

if they were manned would that make you any happier

Better pay up those parking tickets and get registered as a democrat!!

When are you Obama supporters going to wake up? He nickel and dimes the American people closing White House tours, canceling air shows, letting illegals go, yet he and Michelle make no cutbacks what so ever, A weekend trip for the Obama girls to goto the teen choice awards cost us tax payers millions, keeping them home for that evening alone could have paid for the WH tours for the entire yearFor someone who claims to be for the people and the middle class, he sure enjoys taking their power to provide more for him and his government.  Why should one man, any man or woman for that matter, have the power to act as judge and jury in a democratic society.  It's funny how he mocks and is always saying he isn't a socialist, yet his actions seem more like a crazed dictator under a socialist government.

Yea..way to stir the pot OBOZO. You've now made drones hot commodity and created another international black market..and we will blame you when they start taking out US citizens

I am sure Obuma is planning to target the NRA.

We all knew this would happen... What scares me the most is the US wants to use Drones here, and if there are drones in our skies will they be able to identify each drone and what payload/arms it carries.  This technology scares the living hell out of me.

lead from behind again.

When we were the only ones with drones killing people in other countrys, that was alright and we didn't need rules. But now that other countrys have drones or will have them, we need to make up a set of rules to play by. RIGHT. What would we do if another country used a drone to kill someone, they expected of crime againt them, here in the USA. WAR IS HELL no matter what, but now with all the remote control weapones it's just anothe vidio game. You kill as many as you want then turn the game off and go to bed. If we had wars like they were in times pass, when men faced men , hand to hand, and their leaders out front leading them, no drones, no missels, no destorying a target hundreads of miles away, we wouldn't be fighting many wars at all. We have made WAR too easy. If Obamma had to be out front, with a sword in hand, leading the charge, I bet we would have our brothers and sisters, husbands and wifes, home here in the USA with us. Thank about it and TRUST OUR GOVERMENT WHEN THEY SAY "WE WOULDN'T DO THAT". Unless we the people stop them they will do not only that but much much much more.

The only reason Obama has not been impeached or tried for treason is because the virus of corruption picks not just the left or right to infect.

Drones could appear in sky over Russia spying against her decent citizens. America is not a good nation as she was in her good old days. Today this nation is wicked and is hungry for more power and greed.  Her  grab of oil fields is one of the main reasons.

Obama doesn't sign Rand Paul's bill NOT to murder American citizens w/o due process.  Barack is judge, jury, and executioner. Sounds like Hitler to me.

drones killing goverment drones (unmanned political office)This guy is a joke!

WAR = Mass MurderUSA is good at it...

First off, what President Obama is doing with this drone program is completely unconstitutional and illegal. The majority of people Obama's drone program has killed have been women and children, and the supposed terror suspects were only ALLEGED to be terrorists. This program completely circumvents our nation's justice system as well as Due Process. If someone from a foreign nation has committed a crime against the United States, then that individual needs to be tried in a court of law. And, it gets better from here, now the President has declared that his drone program will be used to kill American citizens. No more Due Process, no more Habeas Corpus, no more Trial By Jury!!! Wake up, people. America is slowly being turned into a 1984-style Police State!!! Say goodbye to your constitutional rights. Look up Presidential Directives and Executive Orders. The President can do whatever he wants WITHOUT Congressional Approval. President Obama is a Tyrant. Period.

obama lied americans died

every one Read the bible in Revelations. {He hits nail on the head.}

Of course china is catching up, B. Clinton sold them supper computer technology, and a  U.S.  Solder landed our spy drone in Iran. And Iran gave it to the Chinese! Our government does nothing to protect the American people and everything to give our strength to foreign powers! Coming soon foreign drones w/nukes! Doesn’t it feel good to be controlled by corporate puppets?

Our Forefathers knew that if you give a government your Freedoms you will most certainly loose your Liberty and become slaves to that government. The Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are more costly. We don't need to reinvent the constitution and the bill of right but protect them at all costs while labeling citizens that attack them as traitors and punish them, if convicted, by public hanging.

Remember:  The slide down this slippery slope started with the warrantless wiretapping program.. If we could accept our communications being intercepted without even a FISA court's warrant, it is but a few steps to drone-wars, and the global drone-race to the bottom..

I saw a drone in rural Indiana Big Brother is watching all of us. If the sun wouldn't have hit just right I wouldn't have even seen it.

the world is going to hell and soon.get to know Jesus and pray for those who dont. GODBLESScall off the drones and lets put 50,000 soldiers on the ground to find and snub out terrorist, listen, you cant have it both ways. once you threatened the citizens of property of the united states abroad, then you are labeled a viable threat and should be removed quickly and effiently. remember before 9/11 we were laid back and just laughed at individuals that made threats against us. those days are done. too many people are in graves because these individuals make good on their threats

The Weather Underground would never stand for this kind of governmental tyranny

Where's the birth certificate?

My suggestion would be to take out Kim before Any rules are set. He at present IS the Worlds # 1 Terrorist.

now it's the ''war on anybody that wants to do what the US does''

They are the same as threating the citizens of the U.S. with those things.Stop looking for anyone in those goverment offices to help us. It's not going to happen.

Where's the birth certificate?

If you break the rules... then you'll find yourself on the drones hit list...

Dame, just what i need a kink in my neck from looking up all day long.

Someday all muslim terroists will be armed with little "killer" drones.  What are we to do!  We will have to establish a 2.5 Ammendment allowing us to have personnel concealed drones for for protection since the 2nd Ammendment guns will be of little use against these.  But who knows, we may have computer controlled guns by then!Get real, Obummer still doesn't understand there are no rules among the wicked.

I guess there are rules when the field is leveled lol

I would rip on the #$%$ that re-elected this complete loser, but I am convinced they can't read.  Besides it's 5:30 on Sunday - they are at the bar drunk, knowing tomorrow isn't Monday, it's just another day that they don't have to work, just collect a check that us taxpayers keep giving them for their drugs, alcohol, lottery tickets, cigarettes, etc...

How can someone say that he is “African–American”?  They are two descriptions with opposing attitudes.  It is like saying “violent–non-violent.”  It is as the master of all said: 13 No slave can serve two masters; for a slave will either hate the one and love the other, or be devoted to the one and despise the other.  You cannot serve God and the government.”  [LUKE 16:13]They are bred to BREED, like cockroaches, infesting society with crime, violence, hate, shame!  Just look at them; they can’t be human with their kinky slave hair, thick lips and huge nostrils.  More like primitive monkeys.TRUTH HURTS!♫♪						♫♪“You load sixteen tons and what do you get?Another day over and deeper in debt!Saint Peter don’t you call me ’cause I can’t go;I owe my soul to Barry Soetoro.”♫♪						♫♪Barry Soetoro is nothing but an ugly thief, robbing honest, diligent, hard-working people of their earnings.  Then wildly spending it on silly, foolish, ridiculous, wasteful programs to take care of his lazy slave brothers.

I like drones, no one gets hurt except the bad guys and whoever else just happens to be around at the time!  I wonder what the plan is for Drones in America.  I suppose Obama could use some guidance about who to drop the bombs on in America!

Not only is this president on his way out of office (in my book) but let this Gov fly one of those puppies over my home &amp; property without MY EXPLICIT Autorization, Watch how fast that thing will be shot out of the sky. I LOVE TARGET SHOOTING &amp; I need the practice!!!

Who is going to defend us against Ultra small drones with biologicals. No defense against it.

I've said from the beginning of the US using drones to kill people, that everything is hunky-dory as long as the other side doesn't have the technology to do the same to us. Then it becomes apparent that it's not such a good idea when you're on the receiving end.

50 million on welfare, Disarming citizens, authorizing drone strikes on US soil. all i can say is yall put this burden on yourselves through your own ignorance. Lets put this #$%$ in office for a second term.

TRUE STORY: I was at the bar last night and a white guy told me that he is smarter than Obama. I said why, is it because you are a truck driver? He said no, its because I'm white.More of Obamas "Do as I say, not as I do" attitude. He is an international war criminal for murdering 4500+ foreign citizens, at least 75% of them were innocent bystanders, women &amp; children. Obama is #$%$.

whoever suggested this to bama needs to be fired...kind of late in the game to claim high ground and set standards..i am surprised it took this long for others to catch up..

Tea party resents bin ladens death - want to make ire we don't kill the poor terrorists

Gee ACLU is a contradiction in terms, its not the American Civil Liberties Union its the illegal civil liberties union, not to mention they fit perfectly with Jessie Jackson as being seriously racist.

This is how a Nobel Peace Prize winner behaves?Don't drone me bro.

This president is the anti-christ.......

It's murder in it's simplest form.  You can't have it both ways, Mr. President.  The good thing is that the world is a much more perilous place for the rich, famous and powerful.  I'm happy to be a nobody.Very simple technology, especially when you lose one or two to the perceived enemy.

It's called murder anyway they want to spin it, no difference between a mad man killing innocent kids in sandy hook or Obama killing innocent kids in other countries, I'mPretty sure the parents have the same feelings of loss and sorrow. And hatred ,our government making terriosts one illegal act at a time, they wanted a drug war! They got one! They wanted a war on terror, boy are they going to get one!!

And I doubt with his record of honesty, the world will want any part of him.  Thanks for printing this, will not listen to him.

His Royal Highness, King Obama, wants people to play nice with their toys and let him win always.The bottom line is once again our government snuck a bill and 64 billion for it under the table without even the media knowing or should I say reporting it.If you don’t think our government will use drones to strike and kill it’s own you need to pull your head out of the sand because your #$%$ is wide open!

International rules for flying cyborg assassins?  Are they going to have meetings?  How do you enforce something like this?

"Drone wars " Sounds Hollywoodish, but the day is at hand.Soon ANY group, or country will have the means to wage war from the comfort of their own living room.China, Pakistan, India, Mexico, all have proven to be able to produce cheaper versions of anything, very quickly. When they climb on board this money wagon, even small nations will have access to an Air force with 10's of thousands of planes.If the drug cartels want to fly drones loaded with dope, accompanied by armed drones, they're going to do it !Because they, like we, can do it from any place in the world, with no chance of getting caught.We violate other countries by, going in after someone, doing something, that "we" don't want them to.How long do you think it will take for that hen to come home to roost ?We're going to be very sorry we ever opened this can of worms !

KING to #$%$ up more things...

Make sure we get this one right. Sarah Palin called N Korea our ally; George Bush got confused and should have said Iran, not Iraq. Spell check missed this one. Oh well......maybe the teleprompters will get clearer.

heh heh heh (actually not really funny), what a hypocrite!  But, while we're at it, we should set standards for be-headings also.

Here is a novel idea. Give them domestically to ICE.

Oh now that youve gone around slaughtering people now you want to make rules. doesnt get much dummer than obama......period!

Ultra small drones with biologicals. No defense against it.

Our Forefathers knew that if you give a government your Freedoms you will most certainly loose your Liberty and become slaves to that government. The Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are more costly. We don't need to reinvent the constitution and the bill of right but protect them at all costs while labeling citizens that attack them as traitors and punish them, if convicted, by public hanging.If you see a tea party bagger, thank them for supporting terrorists

You just have to love how in these "stories" Obama is this innocent bystander, forced into making moves by the past president, and other governmental groups. "Poor little guy" right? When actually he works endlessly to manipulate everything we hear about the white house. Our media is %100 liberally BIASED. Of course liberals love this. They only biased viewpoints they don't like are the ones they don't agree with. Hypocrites. Either hypocrites or innocently brainwashed.

Just another way to escalate the violence one human being against the other!Is this the way we are trying to achieve world peace Mr. Obama?

drone monopoly? I thought monopolies were made illegal by the Sherman anti-trust act

Make the rules and break them first....yep sounds about par for the course.

this isnt a right of left thing its a military thing

Selling our debt to a communist country should be an act of treason by its self. Opens us up to extortion. With China having drones it make it much more probable.

When you invent a weapon and make its existence known by using it, you should expect the pleasure of seeing your own children killed by someone else's copy of it.

Want something else to ticyaoff? Google, Obama's wedding ring. Have fun!

The obama holes have started to arrive. LOLIf we are attacked again- we can thank the tea party for it

I know people to this day that laugh at me for saying, "History WILL repeat itself." These following terms may be 'a play on words,' but just think about it: 'Drone Proliferation. Mutually Assured Destruction. Second-Strike Capability. Perfect Detection. Perfect Rationality. Inability To Defend. Moral Equivalence. Game Theory. Drone Strategy. Peace Through Strength. Stability-Instability Paradox. Purification Theorem *(rewritten by Obama). Confrontation Analysis.' And the list goes on.Tom Clancy may have a new idea on his hands.. 'The Sum of All Fears: Remote Devastation'

Just so the Conservatives understand, as a Liberal, I find this kind of behavior from the Obama administration to be offensive and unacceptable.  No, I didn't vote for him.  This isn't about liberalism or conservatism.  This is about unacceptable behavior from the government, in general.  This is about what our government should be doing, what direction we as a species should be going, and what we as citizens should be doing to show our government that we do not approve.  Turning joystick jockies into "warriors" and "heroes" is a dangerous path.  It's only a matter of time before those joystick jockies are pressing the button to kill citizens.  After all, they're just following orders and getting commendations for it.

NOBODY should have this Much POWER........

With power comes responsibility.  The president has abused those powers and every branch  from the CIA , FBI, to the local Sherriffs and police have felt it is  their right to abuse that power as well. Until WE  remind them that they are to serve  and protect the people the abuse of power will only continue.  Start by being active with your local government....

Can Mr. Obama be worried about something, such as his own butt? He wants drone strikes against even US suspects and setting up for gun bans in the US while conniving for a 3rd term, or should we call it a reign

the real reason obama is trying to get international support is to limit china and russia's access to the technology.  if they get it and sell it to rogue countries obama and every living former president, current and former congressmen will be targeted.

We wouldn't be making such bs rules if some1 would have blown to kingdom come the one Iran so called captured..

This is total #$%$, it impinges our freedom; wow how this country is going down the #$%$ faster than you can say, Freedom...

Right?!  No guns for citizens.  Yes for drones for governments!  What's wrong with this picture!The united states deserves anything it gets from other countries.

And who started this mess ! So now our pockets have to be emptied even far more because of this .  Also how many more leaks of secrets and sensitive materials have to come out to downsize and ridicule our country . Right now every country is dissing us . This sucks .

Quick question. How long before our enemies have drones?

If they stop tours of the WH I suggest we pay attention....It's not about saving chump change!

America's use of drones in the first place is quite controversial... War is going to be like a video game in the future. Everything will be automated and nothing that's doing the fighting will be human.

muslim boy is a war crininal. China will just laugh at the muslim as he owes them $16,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 and counting

here's something else the ape-in-chief can screw up

America has adopted drones?  The last time I checked they were scared to death that the government will use this to watch them.

Well they're obviously insane in China, if they'd rather give criminals due process than to summarily assassinate them with drones.  God bless!

"According to state-run newspaper Global Times, China had considered conducting its first drone strike to kill a suspect in the 2011 murder of 13 Chinese sailors, but authorities decided they wanted the man alive so they could put him on trial.""People say what's going to happen when the Chinese and the Russians get this technology?"I say the Chinese have already demonstrated they have more respect for the rule of law than this criminal, lawless USA mafia of murderers.How sad is that? What happens when the United Satanic Agenda gets this technology is what should have been asked by the worthless presstitute media long ago. They'll have a lawyer write some mental gymnastics legaleze on a piece of paper, and claim they can kill you on the say so of one person. No charges, indictment, trial, or verdict.In fact, they have already done this. Obama and his "lawyers" are claiming they have the authority to kill, with drone strike or otherwise, Americans living in America. How evil and criminal is that? That means you are living under martial law. The constitution no longer applies, obviously, and the gov't regards YOU as its enemy.now the world can drone each other to death and cover it up in red tape oops it went hay wire and we had no control

The Founding Fathers realized, every right has its costs, but the alternatives are often more costly.

And these jokers tried to make a mockery of Rand Paul's filibuster?

This is NOT "the new normal"   Liberals, does this really sound like freedom to you?

As drone monopoly frays, Obama seeks global rules so what to ban all guns?

IMPEACHED this muslim terrorist DIPSH*T Obama.

Question is why the Hell havent the Senators and Congress impeached this #$%$ yet? He needs to be hanged for treason against every American and the United States that he hates so much!

When did it become legal to kill people in a foreign country you have not even declared war against?  The world has gone mad.

Wait! No fair! you've got drones, too? wait, we need rules now!

Drone is a must to preserve democracies around the world, as terrorists do notfollow any rules of laws and kill innocent civilians and take over countries.Drone is a must to preserve democracies around the world, as terrorists do notfollow any rules of laws and kill innocent civilians and take over countries.

what is austin tx got to do with this down town at omg why were you there? it's on video not fiction it is fact

Mr. holder told me i can use drones on american citizens, because we both hate the constitution.

Technically, none of these countries have formally declared war upon us. We haven't declared war upon our own country; though new laws have been written and confirmed by Eric Holder that YES, Americans on american soil can be attacked and killed without due process from a court of law and our peers. That's called americans being guilty without being "proven guilty" or given the chance to prove their innocence, yet we go to the time and trouble of trying and convicting foreign terrorists in civillian court. Holder said "the president wouldn't turn drones on us in the USA".  If he wouldn't do it, why would someone even make it an option?  Kinda reminds me of biblical texts in revelations of things that fly around tormenting and killing people. At least the people being water boarded were given the chance (1st amendment) to speak.

did he put rules in that he would not use them on his muslim terrorist brothers like he didn't do in benghazi

Think of the money saved if we stopped Air Force One from making needless political trips around the country.

America because of your laziness and complacency you've lost your freedoms......how can keep silent like this while these "reality tv politicians" destroy your country....too busy name-calling and believing it's one party or the other?  When will you learn you all are just screwing yourselves with needless banter?

obama = obvious belligerent asinine murderous #$%$.

With the development of these drones its going to be like a video game killing people now.  Instead of looking someone in the eyes as you kill them, now its nothing more then a airplane simulation.  I can see the value of human lives decrease as we use machines to kill each other now.

More inflated tax dollars wastedhow much money did the usa make off of the sale of drone technology. or was one of the military contractors makeing the money for drone technology. i even heard that iran has drones oops they have one of ours, looks like homeland security needs to protect us against drones instead of buying them

Obama is the greatest president in the history of this young country.

If you want a drone; support a conservative Now!!!!

Serious question for NRA Members... does not your Seconf Amendment rights give you the right to own a drone? If not, why not? Please explain why the Second Amendment covers assault weapons, but not a drone? With China getting drones, they will probably show up in Walmart.... or hobby shops may introduce compiter control of large model airplanes designed to shoot Estes rockets, you can load with TNT.

Like the cold war with the Russians in the past, we will develop smarter and smaller drones to send against our enemies. Instead of sending troops we will send millions or billions of drones the size of locusts to take out our enemies. Don’t have to kill them, just make them deaf and dumb. With AI (Artificial Intelligence) they will fly free without human intervention. Using sophisticated 4th generation EMP’s (electromagnetic pulse generator), all computers, weapons containing any circuit boards including nuclear will be rendered useless. We have spent the last 10 years upgrading our data communication cables to be impervious to EMP attacks, shielded (Cat6). In the future, the cost of running a military using drones with no ships, planes or people will be a fraction of what it costs today. The cost of the war in Iraq was $1.7 trillion. Today, with the use of drones, the cost would be a fraction of that and not a single American needs to die.

Tea party wants to arrange another 9/11 to blame on OBAMA. They are crazy extremists filled with hatred for the country

Li Keqiang, "Mr. Obama here's a few drones from us, shove them up URANUS.  You wimp."

And he will want to dictate(tor) the rules and change them as he sees fit.

Selling our debt to a communist country should be an act of treason by its self. Opens us up to extortion. With China having drones it make it much more probable. The only reason Obama has not been impeached or tried for treason is because the virus of corruption picks not just the left or right to infect.

Use it to do good - not alienate other countries like Dubya did. How about using to strike on wildlife poachers and illegal whaling. One strike will send a message and I bet these low-lifes will stop.Dear Mr. President, I would like to encourage you to rule this country first before you are going to rule the globe.

If a SoCal drone pilot goes to his child's school recital and gets taken out with a large bomb, are those around him "collateral damage" because he was a "coward hiding among civilians"?

Drones would interfere with tea party's plans to get us attacked and blame OBAMA

he knows that he cannot accomplish his marxist goals with the help of congress.wonder what he'll do next.

Poor terrorists. We should stop being mean to them! Make sure their rights re protected

This president wants us all dead!

Way to go. The one thing this guy is doing to right to fight the terrorist. Our  idiotic politicians and media neutralize it. Amazing we are our own worst enemy.

Where the H*ll did you all come from? I have laugh my #$%$ off. Do any of you really not read what you put out there for the world to see.  amazing stupit, lying pigs, Mental Illness, laughing stock of Amercia, Behaving like sore losers, conning, whining,Creating Fabricated Stories, On &amp; On. You republicans, have some nerve. This country for 8 years put up with G.W. If not for that #$%$ , our America would not be in the mess we are in.   And one of you made a remark about  using The Bible in quotes, Don't you remember G.W. telling us how meny times he read the Bible, from cover to cover he said. Talking about misquotes.And aginhere's the "not a citzen"  again. Well!  This is easy, PUT UP OR SHOT UP !  just prove all you are saying.  Lay what you have out, let us see it. We may run him out of Waashington D,C ourselves. If you don't then you are just a group of laying Republican lair's.  AGAIN !

the drone tech will progress and become better smaller faster ,and no matter what party is in office ,the president will use them ,so please dont even act like a republican prez wont use drones that absurd and stupid!

This is one of the few Administation's policies that I agree with. It's a lot better to send an unmanned drone to take out a few select militant terrorist leaders than it is to invade a country and get stuck in a quagmire like Iraq or Afghanistan.if it really will go global why not use it on wildlife poachers and whalers....

Yes just another BS Obama. And you,re Nobel price vinner? What is wrong with you? Do you want kill people all over in the world? For what? For what? You want to have WW3? Or should I say create one with your body Israel? So all human kind we have to die because WHAT? Think dude, think........AGAIN   THINK

Don't understand Repubs or Tea Baggers...you want to arm all Americans, and attack every country that looks at us cross eyed, but you don't want our president to use our weapons to protect the country.  THAT IS WHY YOU ARE THE PARTY OF LOSERS!

Drones only do what was previously done by live troops or piloted air-strikes, only drones are cheaper and eliminate the risk to our soldier's well-being.This is a politically fabricated controversy.

Anyone else remember the conservatives insisting that nobody else would get drone technology and drones would never be used on US soil?  Yeah, kinda fades in with all those other lies.

So, the kneeeeegrrrrrrrrrr 'president' IS going to allow law enforcement to use drones to MURDER law-abiding American citizens based on their "superior judgement"?Law enforcement is the single greatest threat to OUR FREEDOM, OUR CONSTITUTION, and OUR WAY OF LIFE, that WE, THE PEOPLE face in today's world.

The ACLU sometimes calls attention to matters that need to be seen by the public; so they do serve a purpose. National defense, however, should be as secret as the government and military choose it to be. Every country on earth copies our military tech; some while simultaneously criticizing us for using it. Any technology that kills terrorists, while keeping American military from harm is GOOD tech! As far as collateral damage; maybe the "civilians" who surround the Al Q's will learn to stay away!

Our President Barack Obama. The Great &amp; Powerful.  All others Join The Sore LoserClub. Jerks,.

hah we can go crazy with them, but dont you dare use them...we can build drones and take out our own people but china cant build one..china will never attack us we are their cash cow

????? how voted for him ????obama is a "idea man" -  he comes up with these ideas of how everything should be - and Tax payers pays for these ideas - he wants someone else to solve his ideas to make them work- Money in no problem - tax payers will gladly give more

there is a way to know who is who in this country  and it is that easy but  the governemnt dont want easy they want in our personal lives. all they have to do is eliminate drivers licenses and go with a similiar form of twic card tha thas all our biological data, when stopped by police  or anything it would see who we all are  and yet keep this country protected, also we as people can keep our privacy! you can track people much better that way and we can still have our given rights under the constitution! food for thought, hey look people what do most companies do these days anyway when applying for a job, background and drug testing right? well this would end much of all these fly by night companies stating hey you can do a background check on your neighbor or whatever and keep our personal information safe form abusing identity thieves and so on! really think about it makes sense and no company should ever be able to check our backgrounds other than say local or state police, atleast they wont release our information to just anyone without a signed release..

i see where big bully america wants the world to know that its alright for us to use drones but other countries have to follow our rules.

What happens if hackers or disgruntled metally unstable employee that developed these drones hacked into the control and program them to do killing spree?...  I know I love watching scifi, but this is not far fetched, and could happen.

With the drone strikes we do not know how many disasters we are preventing, nor do we know how many disasters we are creating.

Drone light drone bright, first drone I see tonight, I wish I may I wish I might, have control of that drone tonight.

Only our Constitution and Bill of Rights protect us from corruption and Tyranny in our government. The framers of the second and fourteenth amendments intended to guarantee an individual right to carry firearms and other common hand-carried arms. It is inconceivable that they would have tolerated the suggestion that a free person has no right to bear arms without the permission of a state authority, much less the federal government, or that a person could be imprisoned for doing so. They would however see just cause in hanging many of todays politicians for treason.1 Reply

Who is going to defend us against Ultra small drones with biologicals. No defense against it.

Second Amendment needs to be expanded to include RPG's.

This is his way to force the US to allow his drones. MAKE IT WORLD LAW. F THE USAyes it is ok to bring terrorist into this country and Mirandize them and pay hundreds of thousand of dollars on security and the court system but American Citizens won't and do NOT get the same rights??? what the hell is wrong with this country ? WAKE UP America obama promised us change and he is getting away with taking away so many of our rights and setting up the presidency as a "dictatorship" and making sure all democrats follow him into OUR White House.  He does not practice what he preaches and when caught-LIES to us.........his Nobel Peace Prize should be revoked.

a drone was filming this

Obama going global....isn't that his plan?

Obama is a New World Order drone.  And to think, I voted for him to become senator.  What a disappointment...

1984?

Say goodbye to the tea party crazies- when we get attacked THEY will be blamed

Tea party terrorists don't want drones

Time to find a cave to live in.

were going to have drones flying over afghanastan for the next century

Power mad Obama.for all the deficit hawks this is the way to wage war the most on the right, some left want! between gitmo and domestic terrorism huge grey area depending on what you believe! two steps backward would be the norm but the times don't warrant this! why ? not sure, but the last 10 years point toward some thing comming and the shift that started with the monetary meltdown! they all ready had all the money, why crunch most of the people? good luck!!

Drones? I'm thinking of Black Ops 2

We need to put the drone technology into the new F-35. Yes we need to build them. then keep our pilots on the ground out of harms way.mWe better improve our drones pretty quick and lock down the technology so the Chinese or Iranians can't steal it.

Li Kequiang, "Soon we can rename the U.S.A. to the Republic of China-North America hahahaha."  The stupid people there re-elected a fool who is making their country weak and poor.

The United States government are the terrorists! How can citizens be so oblivious to whats happening? Obama is just like Stalin.

Drones are mechanical assassins.

Here's a thought...Many people in other nations regard some current and past U.S. figures as war criminals, among them #$%$ "I'd do it again in a minute!" Cheney.So what would our reaction be if they started using drones against us?

I did not understand what double-standard is until now.  I now really fear what will happen  when North Korea starts targeting people they want to eliminate.   Finally, "double-standard" is catching up with us.How can we move the goal in the middle of the game?

Transparency, I'm seeing right thru him. This sounds like a monopoly of war technology, as long as HE gets his cut from other countries...for life...they can us our drone designs as they choose, just not against HIM. His policy now is being rejected in the US, so he wants to make it WORLD LAW, AND F THE USA.

So our generals are quiting and Obama is winging it with drones ? lolSo our generals are quiting and Obama is winging it with drones ? lol

world war 3 is coming up

Oh, I see, it's perfectly fine for America to illegally kill with drones but don't let someone else try or rules must be implemented.

Speaking to an international audience during a virtual townhall earlier this year, President Obama said that drones had "not caused a huge number of civilian casualties” and he added that it’s "important for everybody to understand that this thing is kept on a very tight leash.”According to counterterrorism/ newamerican, the civilian casualties dropped from about 60% to only 2% with the help of drones.Think about how many innocent lives have been saved with the help of drones.

Reminds me of the UNSC and the ban on nuclear weapons. After they all tested and devloped nukes and gained all the strategic advantages that came with that, they try to ban nukes for anyone else.

Iran has drones soon nukes ?

Its all against the Bill of Rights

so if i go out at night and look up at the sky will i be looking at stars or killing machines?

There are no justitication for any civilian casulties in any war, but when a war occurs to protect our country, our goal is to eliminate the civilian casualties as many as we can, and that's why drones come to play their roles.

Its ok for the govberment to spy on us and everyone elts in the world, but once someone trys to top them, now time for the rules.Did you know in just 8 years, the civilian casualties dropped from 60% to only 2% with the help of drones?

This is what Americans are all about. Technologies!Drones help eliminate lots of civilian casualties.Did you know in just 8 years, the civilian casualties dropped from 60% to only 2% with the help of drones.Drones focus on attacking only targeted terrorists.

I am still waiting for the terminators.  Petman is getting real close to a terminator.  The only thing stopping him is a nuclear power cell which can deliver the required energy to power his hydraulic endoskeleton and all of its electronic gear.  Then all he need is to hang a machine gun on one arms, a knife on the other and strap a bullet belt around the him and presto !

Keep in mind China is developing drones, too.If we don't improve our technologies, China will take over.China is stealing all of our modern technologies.Remember China is trying to replace our American dollar as the World Reserve's Currency by their Chinese Yuan. China is our enemy.We have to improve ourselves to maintain our role as the leader of the free world, not the communist Chinese.

Obama is our hero.We love you President Obama.This is what Americans are all about. Technologies!Drones help eliminate lots of civilian casualties.Did you know in just 8 years, the civilian casualties dropped from 60% to only 2% with the help of drones.Drones focus on attacking only targeted terrorists.Who can forget the Sept. 11 when the twin towers went down with over 3,000 innocent Americans who didn't deserve to die? We never will as long as we live.

we should be using drones to kill blacksburn the blacks with drones

Please watch "How Obama will take your guns away" on you tube and you will see the new ideal high ranking soldier. Keep your guns people.

I'll be glad when he out of the White House.  Worst President ever!

should impeach him now

Obama's proposed rules. Only the US and Israel can use drones. Anyone else using them will be flattened.This is our Nobel Peace winning President at his finest..

Right now, China is building a billion of these things. When they launch wave after wave of a million at a time, there will be nothing we can do. And our President is a Socialist Muslim. God help America.

I hate Obama but i have ZERO problem with drone usage, how is it different than regular war planes being used? and this way innocent pilots dont have to risk there lives.

um why the hell are people acting like drone usage in war is some horrible unspeakable act?how is that any different than regular war planes being used?, this way your children dont have to risk there lives to pilot them, be thankful.and sure some Innocent Civilians probably got taken out along with the terrorist, and you know what if they had stood up and pushed the madmen and genocidal warlords out of the country we would not be there to begin with.

America's chickens have come home to roost. - Rev Wright.

way too long?  covering prehistoric, acient, imperial, modern china in one page to share with fellow posters - i did my best - china is the grandest, earliest, one &amp; only, continuous civilization on earth - egypt &amp; others have shrinken or disappear - as humans - china is all we got - we have to preserve it - every earthlinggoogle chinese inventions (beneficial, fun, cool, brainy, good race) &amp; google japanese war crimes against humanity (eat LIVE humans - evil race) – china invented gun powder &amp; use it for firework to play – britain/jeww/west/others, stole it to make cannons to killdon't confuse the real true chinese/hans with the evil mogol/manchu that rape/rob/rule/represent china to the world - china is merchant/businessman, inventors, builders, phillosopher ... genes - called yellow &amp; always bullied by neighbors &amp; west looter/criminal/colonist genes.   but - you can push humans for so far so long - watch china push back - with a vengance - wa hahahaha ha hamanly germans gave 6m jewws reparation &amp; move on - japanese eunices worst tortured death of 70m no reparation/repent will never be ok - 70m ghosts &amp; famillies &amp; countrymen are never going to forgive/forget - who can - reparation or revenge - as &amp; when victims &amp; victim families &amp; victim countries &amp; victim countrymen can - we remember - we'll get ours back - such things don't just go away no expiration dateboycott china? our living standard will drop from sky high to ground low &amp; china will stop giving us loan, buy our plane, buoy up our real estate, keep our colleges full ...those islands were china's way before usa, japan, phillippine, brunei, vietnam... even become nations and trumanjew gave it to japan stating china is communist - so - give it to taiwan then - why japan - jewasjew are - they plant seeds of wars everywhere they can. all troubles can be trace to japjew

How far do you lead a drone to bring it down with a rifle?

These drones are an act of terrorism,  Where is homeland security when you need them.

When a drone kills do we say "we need drone control", or do we say "crazy people kill with drones?"

They start to use drones in america to spy on privacy of the people they will be shot down by rednecks and gang members and private citizens and that is a fact all my friends here in ohio are locked and loaded!!!!!!!When a drone kills do we say "we need drone control", or do we say "crazy people kill with drones?"

They start to use drones in america to spy on privacy of the people they will be shot down by rednecks and gang members and private citizens and that is a fact all my friends here in ohio are locked and loaded!!!!!!!

how naive to think your enemies will play war by "RULES"!!!!No but Americas women will believe it, and thats the point!

Tea party sedition is the biggest threat to our country

Obama sux

Oh NOW they're wanting rules huh?Guess they're all worried the DC Gang is next on the hit list.

ban the guns then bring in the drones. missiles or bullets? once people start complaining about innocent peoples body parts being blown all over the place, because they were too close to the bad guy, a ray gun will be added to the drone. it will be known as a direct energy or non lethal weapon. it has the capability of killing a person very easily however the thought of making somebody submit by firing waves at different frequencies has governments drooling at the chance to use it on anybody who will not submit to their will. thank you average citizen for not staying informed, letting the government strip you of your rights by scaring you with lies, and for always voting republicrap and democrap. you have screwed us.

Man I saw this coming years ago.  Millions of drones the size of insects carrying high powered explosives, spy cameras and even poison is going to be the new nightmare battefield.

nuke em

Rules: Simple Drone air craft should only be allowed to be use under declaration of war against the enemy, any use of drone aircraft outside these guidelines should be considered an act of war, or if used in the civilian population and act of treason. Any videotaping, phone tapping or other means of invasion of privacy should  be out lawed less by court order on a specific individual, with just cause proven beyond a shadow of a doubt, not just a hunch, or suspicion.Rules: Simple Drone air craft should only be allowed to be use under declaration of war against the enemy, any use of drone aircraft outside these guidelines should be considered an act of war, or if used in the civilian population and act of treason. Any videotaping, phone tapping or other means of invasion of privacy should  be out lawed less by court order on a specific individual, with just cause proven beyond a shadow of a doubt, not just a hunch, or suspicion.

Tea party wants us to get attacked again so they can blame OBAMA

Obama's assassination drones!

Tea party are terrorist sympathizers. They are collaborating to make it easier for them to attack us. Tea party doesn't care.

I have a remote control helicopter, but I need someone to teach me how to attach and shoot missiles with it.

I hope Obama learns the meaning of being killed right out of the clear blur sky :)

Just the headline reads as BS.

If you want to know what America's future looks like just watch the "Terminator" movies.Machine's we created to protect us become self aware and start to exterminate us.Hey don't those Hunter Killers look suspiciously like Predator drones?

Even the Chinese would rather put the suspect on trial rather than murder them in drone strikes.... but not Bush, he just presses the button and blews em up! Just as KAMAL DERWISH, an American Citizen who was KILLED by Bush without a trial!!!!!!

Google "KAMAL DERWISH"....... an American Citizen who was MURDERED by George W Bush in a drone strike."US Constitution? What's that?"- Bushthere are no rules they are going too live by the same rules as obama lived buy.they bare going too spy on us use missles too destroy their enemys what ever we did they can do the same.

Hangar 18, Dave Mustaine was right !!!!

Tea party wants to make it easy for terrorists to attack us so they can blame OBAMA for it. Tea party is crazy with hate

satp(dot)org/satporgtp/countries/pakistan/database/Droneattack(dot)htmAbove is the link of drone strikes since 2005.I also looked on other websites that are not from the U.S and it turns out these drones killed over 300 children

So once China and Russia gets these drones who's going to stop third world countries and terrorists from eventually acquiring one,  they could wipe out the white house, the pentagon, the president or the royal family.  I foresee big problems in the future,  Iraq and afganistan did nothing to curb problems they only made us poorer and made that part of the world more unstable.

He said his way is the "smart way" to do things. Well genius,clue us in on what your way is by answering a few questions behind closed doors,if that is what it takes, just let somebody know what your exit strategy is with these drones. When will your bloodlust be quenched, my Lord?

whats ole step and fetch it, screwing the decent folks out of now,

Wow yaho is deleting coments!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thats a form of warfare

Okay rule number 1: Drones are not allowed to be used over domestic soil.commerical drones now avaiable for sell: Damn it!

With Ozeros targeting of American citizens, why does anyone else need drones???With Ozeros targeting of American citizens, why does anyone else need drones???

China sees the Dalai Lama as a terrorist. Should we expect a chinese drone strike next time he visits th U.S.?

If your going to ban our guns and other stuff. Ban the go# dam# drones too you bunch of #$%$ holes.

great, hello big brother and being afraid to go outside. People are so dumb for believing this stuff. The government is #$%$ us in the a.

Tea party is breeding terrorists as we speak. Plan to launch attacks and blame OBAMA. Drones would get in their way

John Connor mother is going to try to take Obama and this Skynet drone war out before he starts WWIII

I think it is perfectly clear what we need to do with drone technology. we need to start using them on politicians and their families, I mean, since it is now legal to use them on american citizens whenever they like, I don't see what the differentation is.

When they come for your guns will you turn them over?

What a typical liberal hypocrite!

Simply speaking, citizenship once acquired through proper judicial process cannot be attacked collaterally...Tea party are terrorists sympathizers

the vaginas have dripped, this comment section is so wet

Like The constitution says, All enemies foreign an domestic. American or not, if you are a traitor , then you must meet a traitors fate, no matter what your zip code. So lets start with Crawford Texas, The biggest traitor since Benidict Arnold lives there.And then maybe a ranch in Wyoming. We should put them on trial so all their lies come out.Why did we let them go. I hear the Noble Lauriat thinking Georgie Bush is painting puppies there now, easy target........Flying Killer Robots..... Put to good use.......4 dead in Bengazi by an act of terror, 6500 plus dead by an act of Georeg W. Bush. Yeah and we need to explain Bengazi

I like drones because they are a very effective way to get the "enemy" drones limit american soldier casualties and kill a low amount of civilians (what are you doing hanging around a terrorist in the first place?). As much as I love and respect our troops using a drone is better than a soldier shooting anything that moves. I think countries should request permission to use drones in other countries, apart from when countries give other countries aid then they should be to do it. Drone use in America should only be used if someone is found guilty, and in rural "middle of no-where places" to keep innocent people from dying.

Did anyone really ever think that it would take long for other countries to start making their own drones. The scary thing about drones is now we are truly vulnerable to attack, no one will need to hijack an entire airplane or rent a truck. When our wise leaders open a pandora's box they throw it wide open and let the bodies fall where they may, not their bodies of course, innocent civilian bodies. But they are truly scared now, one well aimed drone during a session of congress and we'll be having special elections. I'm thinking this is a good time to move out of largely populated cities and areas that would have targets pinned to them. It's a whole new game now and world leaders can make all the rules they want to control it, but it will just take one rule breaker to make it a messy game.

really, is going to let foriegn country's let their drones fly in USA air space to kill

Keep #$%$ with us!

Who's not a terrorist under the current administration? What happened to innocent to proven guilty? The government gives stinger missiles and assault weapons to terrorist like Osama when it fits the agenda of some politician. However, once their agenda is finished its time to disarm the terrorist. The government needs to stop starting wars to over throw sovereign nations in the name of terrorism. Our government wants to monitor our finances, take away our right to bear arms and monitor everyone with drones. Is this the new America? It appears to me that globalist politicians in the American government are trying to overthrow the Sovereignty of America and any other nation that stands in the way of the U.N. NWO. Everyone needs to watch the video of building 7 being imploded and you will know that 911 was perpetrated by the U.S. Government to justify the never ending war on terrorism. Don't believe the lies of globalist politicians.

nobel peace prize winner? forgot about the PEACE part.

Not that I cut Obama any slack but does anyone really believe a GOP POTUS would have pursued the drone policy less aggressively? Since WWII there has been far less difference in military and foreign policy than either party cares to admit.SoCal drone pilot goes to child's school recital, gets taken out with large bomb.Are those around him "collateral damage" because he was a "coward hiding among civilians"?Drone adoption?  I am surprised Obama doesn't just want to abort them all...

Lets see Obama really dictate to China and Russia as to how their drone programs should work!   I betcha Chinese drones will be protecting their middle east interests and if an american drone were to try and kill someone say in Iran, then the chinese drone will most likely try and shoot the american drone down!!  Thats a whole new mess to deal with then!!!

A Timothy McVey type has a truck load of explosive heading on a suicide mission to blow up your childs school. If the only thing that could stop it was a Drone strick on the truck would. How many of you who are anti drone would hold to your postion and let your child die. You say it could not happen. How many thought anyone would fly a plane into the world trade center before it happend.

Tea Party in there fighting for the rights of terrorists. They are enemy sympathizers. Founding fathers would have had them shot for sedition and treason

Someone needs to wipe this santanist out, wipe out the illuminati if it were easy but they're burried below.

Who ever said obama owned the world and could decide what every country who has n wants drones can do with them? I think those countries should decide for themselves obama doesn't own the world were to broke

All you stupid RACIST broke middle class people who wants to be REPUBLICANS. put race and your IDIOTIC EGO aside and see what OBAMA is actually doing for our country if one of these dictator get a hand on a drone and decide to send a Gift to the U.S imagine if its your house your moms or someone you love. Think about that.

Gun control ? Hell, I want Drone control !!!

To be fair, what would be the point of international guidelines when only one nation had drones?  What's really troubling about this is China and Russia's records on human rights.  The United States has skeletons in the closet, but the government ultimately answers to the people.  Russia and China are less so.

Past dictators would have had a field day with this technology.Future ones won't have to blink in order to destroy dissenters.Dangerous timesPast dictators would have had a field day with this technology.Future ones won't have to blink in order to destroy dissenters.Dangerous times

How many entitlement moochers are our mothers? How many of these entitlement moochers are mothers of Republicans? Even more horrifying, how many entitlement mothers are Republicans? Lots!

Tea party is breeding terrorists- wants to make sure they're protected

I hope Anonymous gets on top of this and keeps us informed

The closet muslim gangster thug want to be dictator doing his same old whine "it ain't my fault"! When is this sorry excuse for a leader going to stand up like a man and take the blame for all his short comings and dirty dealings? F.U.B.O.!!!

Two wealthy Repubs are sitting in a restaurant, one of them being the owner.The owner turns to his guest and says, "See? I'm doing my part to help the economy, I just opened up three new jobs in my restaurant."Just as the two get finished toasting each other's success, the busboy comes by to clear off their dishes and says, "I know, I have all three of them."

the should let w.bush deal with war or sept.11 issues and have obama deals with the promeses hi made at the in beginning of his 4 years term. there's a war on: drugs lords,the borders,weapon sells to mexico,job trafiking over sease, stores foreclousing in the US.

the guy is declaring that if china or any other country uses Drones on US Citizens there will be consequences.... you guys are #$%$ why? period..

How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb?None-- they'd rather sit in the dark and blame it on Obama

Oooops. When your hand gets caught in the cookie jar do you let go of the cookies or do you break the jar and run?How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb?None-- they'd rather sit in the dark and blame it on Obama

Oooops. When your hand gets caught in the cookie jar do you let go of the cookies or do you break the jar and run?

better a drone than real boots on the ground

Do you remember Kent State? Picture drones flying in to disburse the crowed.

The next generation needs to be drone parasites.  Nanotechnology which allows miniscule drones to attach to unfriendly drones, see what they are seeing and doing and then eliminate them if and when indicated.

Now the Evil Empire after killing at will any who oppose them, wants to make Rules for the Drones. Worry that these Countries will kill at will their Evil agents. How convenient of the Evil Empire..

So lets let the guy who is killing children in the middle east with them set the rules for strikes by others. LOL

It’s a lot easier to convince one punk with a joy stick to take out a crowed of civilians then it is to send  troops in to kill American citizens.

Obama is batting 1.000 when it comes to failure.

Correct me if I'm wrong but It seems to me most people love their children and want to make a better world for them, Escalating violence seems counter productive to me...And someone said we were getting smarter...I call it total madness.My comment blocked by me!!!You Know...

yeah, That's real period...

lets get to the real point. new standards. no spending millions of dollars. stop giving money we dont have away. get our jobs back Home. Give the american people back our jobs an life style. kick out the illeagles. send back all the dead beats back to their own country. stop selling out the us. then lets talk about new standards after this is done

This is why american military is becomming weak, too much info is being release and other countrys are taking advantage of it. Information about the drone should have never been release to the public!! Now other country's will have their own drone and we will have to live in greater fear.....

Iran got a hold of a drone and now china has them.  We should of bombed every building that was emitting a signal from that drone.

If we had a Republican in office, would Republicans be against drones? I bet not

It's kind of like the way the U.S. wants to crack down on nations who attempt to get nuclear weapons, after being the only nation who has ever dropped the atomic bomb. Not a hint of hypocrisy. None.

Like other countries are going to listen to you obama. You dont even have our respect along with other countries because your a damn idiot.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Ambassador~

So are the drones going to be flying above or below the military planes that are laying down the chemtrails?

Why is everyone complaining about the US only now wanting to establish regulations on drone use?  Isn't this the natural progression?  Why would we have established global law earlier if we were the only ones with the technology?obamass should fly one up his #$%$ and look for his brains. I hate want has happened to this country.

I'm sorry, but the idea of drones scares the s--t out of me.

Drones!!!  Coming to your neighborhood soon. Check paper for times...

This president and his adminstration is a joke and very dangerous to the American public..How much longer are we going to take his policies???  It's just so sad for the American people who have worked very hard to make this country a place for freedom, and the opportunity to be successful.

Only a fool wouldn't have realized that this technology would very quickly go global...oops, I forgot you were talking about Obama.   Maybe his sheep will wake up now and realize he's not the second coming.  Maybe...

Lets take away guns and drop bombs on anyone who's against me. little hitler is here.You voted him in. who will save us? The U.S.A. is gone! The men are whimps .

im sorry but it seems that the white house officials have greatly messed up and forgotten about the cold war against russia and pearl harbor now we have them nippin on our heals again its just a matter of time before washington drops the ball again and were fighting these countrys all over and this time probly going to loose becouse the u.s has became weak they keep our people week and worry to much about building fake alliances with these countrys thats just going to hit us hard as soon as they catch up...between the both bush aministraitions and now the anit crist obama you have ruined this country and crippled our people while making other countrys stronger washinton needs to learn to build back to the domanite power we once was not weakin us and takeing our civil rights away...

Iran shot one down remember? anyone with air defense is going to shoot that #$%$ down but the US won't matter anymore after the war with IRAN

The line that gets no time is "Obama thinks he has the authority to use drones to kill Americans on U.S. soil." Does this not alarm anyone? since when does a public employee have the right to decide to kill Americans? Why is this not getting a lot of face time in the media? Get real people, can you say "Police State". "Of the People, for the People" Right?Next thing you know you are out washing your car in the driveway and a missile takes out your neighbors house because he is a someone who sees the writing on the wall and has been buying and storing extra food and supplies, but the government calls him a terrorist. Oh and you child was in the front yard playing with their child when it happens.

China and Russia use the US as an example of how not to run a country. after the war with Iran the US will no longer matter anywayI wonder when the first Drone DOG FIGHT will occur.  US kids already play these kinds of games against chinese and russian kids on the internet. Imagine a drone against drone war! Anyone reminded of men and boys and the price of their toys?

next machines to be flew are like bees with name tags or DNA of persons to be killed, so that no innocent civilian casualties.

I agred...! all of the above.....! +

I wonder if China is going to target me for not buying "Made In China", Oh wait..................

he's nothing but a janitor for the bush's, cheney's and the big banks of this corporation that used to be called the USA

the world is so F**kd.

So the U.N. has condemned what we are doing and the World Court wants the top people including Bush for war crimes. When is the U.N. going to put sanctions against the U.S.?

Pretty soon the only people Barry will be drone killing will be Americans !

There goes the neighborhood!!

Question: "If a drone attack falls from the pentagon, does it make a sound?What rules, like the rules used for land mines. As with the guns in USA-only law abiding citizens are subject to the rules. My guess  for the coming utilization of drones- to use missles to drop drug packages into the chimneys of designated drug dealers. If caught on the radar, receiver can say it is somebody's mistake and sender is unknown. Ideal

HMMMMMM yahoo deleting comments

What did you expect. You won't believe the stuff he's going to do in the future. Get ready .

YEPP

YAHOO (F)(U)(C)(K) (O)(F)(F)!!!!!!

Yea and making rules applies to whom ! When are own president sets a great example of killing innocent victims under secrecy with drone attacks. Maybe in his next lifetime he will be a good mentor

REBEL AMERICANS

AMERICA IS BEING SET UP TO FALL

THIS IS RIGGED

AMERICA THE WORLD IS WATCHING   REBELYAHOO IS DELETING COMMENTS

ANONYMOUS IS EVERYWHERE

YOU ARE DOOMED if you dont REBEL

i told my grandson, while congress is making such a fuss about drones, every other country will be making theirs, they tell all our secrets to make them look as if they are trying to protect us which is a lot of bs, so now every country will have them, our upper hand is gone thanks to congress, hope your happy

ANONYMOUS IS WAITING&gt;!!!

this is setting the american people up for a big fall... AMERICA, WELCOME to a new and regret filled LIFE.. THE rest of the world hoped that AMERICA would revolt and toss their DICTAITORS to the wolfs. IT IS THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL OBLIGATION to REBEL . WHY WONT THEY?  AMERICA ITS TIME &gt;&gt; REBEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!

THE WORLD IS WATCHING!

He is the president and should be able to kill anyone he wants. He should be able to use the constitution as toilet paper and if you don't like it your just un-American!

HYPOCRISY! What idiots reelected this guy? He is absolutely no better than Bush. In my opinion, they both belong at the bottom of the pile. Right down there with James Buchanan.

The only rules that O666ama will ever pursue are rules that weaken America.The only rules that O666ama will ever pursue are rules that weaken America.

Drones = Fascism    Drones = The Death of Freedom

Pretty easy for men and women who have never been in combat to justify killing with the press of a button and just as easily wave of any collateral deaths as merely coincidental. I prefer leaders who have seen combat.

"You will be assimilated."-Signed Borg drone.

Hmmm you think China and Russia got the technology from the one Iran took from US? We should have been able to blow it up or send a team in but our great O just begged for it back. Right like that was going to happen

No different than when we had the "BOMB" and you didn't...that's how we roll

I would like Strength and Humilityand a Progressive agenda to be his legacy. Rethink! then Redo!

Wow, just wow! We are so desensitized now and brainwashed that we feel its completely normal to read about assassination through the use of drones under the guise of counter terrorism. It is scary were we are headed

I'm tired of the expression "the new normal". They need to come up with something fresh.

these drones are the best thing to ever happen to our military and the main reason these terroist POS are scared to come out of their caves. you bleeding heart pansy politicians take for granted the very reason we are safer.these drones are the best thing to ever happen to our military and the main reason these terroist POS are scared to come out of their caves. you bleeding heart pansy politicians take for granted the very reason we are safer.

I can't understand How a pathetic U.S. Government  that can't even balance a budget can make choices like this with out a vote to the people. It doesn't seem like we have a voice anymore .

Every human being is a hypocrite. Those that deny it are liars.

And the UN wants to try George Bush for waterboarding?

"Look Ma!...I'm king of the world!"

maybe Obama is looking for another Nobel Peace Price

really? this is hilarious. now that other countries want to use drones, oh, maybe NOW we should start following some rules. this is one of the most idiotic things i've ever read. and i've read some pretty stupid things. we wonder why terrorists exist, and some people are even stupid enough to believe 'they hate our freedom, so they bomb us'. no. its #$%$ like this, where we believe we are justified in bombing other countries because we think someone might be working against the interests of our country, even though more than likely they themselves are retaliating because we killed their families! it's completely absurd that our country is allowed to just do these things without it being an act of total war. it's really no surprise that when these countries start developing nukes they are targeting us specifically.

So now the White House wants some "International rules" to apply to drones?   Too late.  Typical hubris from the US.

When Ron Paul got on the floor of the House and belly ached for hours about spurious what-ifs about drones attacking American citizens for hatever reason, he opened a global door of the possibility of nations like China, Korea, Iran, and groups like alQaeda, Hesbullah, and the Taliban to acquire drones to attack who--- Americans and Europeans. Idiots applauded the sophmoric efforts of Ron Paul, but he was acting as a domestic terrorist for othert terrorists to acquire drones to attack Americans. Look at what happened when Russia sold nuclear technologies to Korea and Iran and consider the stupid threats coming from these two unstable governments. Look at the devastating attack of Timothy Macveigh on the federal building in Oklahoma and what happened after that. Terrorists began using those explosive techniques learned from MacVeigh all over the world in Nigeria, on the military battleship, the first World Trade Building attack, and the second attack on 9-11. That knowledge was taken from a domestic terrorist homegrown in America. Ron Paul is one such domestic homegrown terrorist Tea Bagger wh was on a treasonous, childish rant that could open a Pandora's Box of terrorist violence against Americans.

Drones spare the lives of  soldiers and once it gets to that point I would rather it be them than us..Planning on starting WWIII, are we? How did we like it when 9/11 happened? Not at all! Now, we are proposing to go and, without even consent from other governments, to attack people because we think they are terrorists? Even if proven, we should have more respect for other countries and at least try to work out an arrangement, if possible. If there is imminent threat to our people, I can understand when drone tech would be useful. But, when a foreign country deems one of us a threat to them, when will their drones come to our backyard BBQ and kill everyone there? The US is not the supreme law of the globe, but, sometimes, we sure act like it.

Keep ahead of the world especially as it relates to drones, armed or unarmed. They wont hold back with their use and neither should we!!!

Obama gave Iran all the drone technology and they gave it to China. Good Job.

Just another excuse for obama to kill more people,One day when he has to account for all his sins, the flames will be very very High..And may God Not have mercy on his soul.

Prsedent  house repesetives and judge law go  by thr pledge alengenes and american wrights are i will break america  and thats promice  ameriuca you went agaiingts the gods so sence ypou went againgts the gods there should be no more religion all spirtual books and religion needas to be destoryed and turn  the churches into houses and apernmnets

Barrack Dubya Obama? It's funny that some nutters on the Right sought to portray Obama as some hard Leftie, his policies are much like those of G.W. Bush.

It its safer than just a good old assaniation from a sniperForeign drone coming to a neighborhood near you!

Obama is a "Puppet" of the Wealthy and Powerful Corporate and Military interests that actually run this country, he does as he is told and, as a friend of mine likes to say, "He's not driving the truck.". The last President that actually tried to really give the power to the people that elected him was JFK, and that got him killed. That being said, we have been ruled by wealthy "Bullies" since the beginnings of our country's history, luckily for us there were a few ethical people that sponsored the "First Ten Amendments to the Constitution" or "Bill of Rights", it didn't give the average man very much, but, notably the "First", "Second", "Fourth", "Fifth", and "Tenth" Amendments at least gave the average person a platform with which to assert their own "Human Rights". Today those important Amendments have been circumvented by the passage of the "American Patriot Act", which basically gives the Federal Government powers that the "Framers" of the Constitution never intended it to possess over the people.Those same Wealthy and Powerful "Bullies" that have run roughshod over the "Rights" of the American people, are now afraid of the potential of other countries using the same tactics of fear and terror that they have used in the past, against them. they are sending their current "Puppet" Mr. Obama, or whatever he likes to call himself at the moment, to the "Cabal of Bullies" known as the U.N. to draw up "Rules" about how they will play the game of murdering people by remote control. "Bullies" are in most cases also "Cowards", Mr. Obama's recent actions regarding "Drone Diplomacy" seem to prove that point.

People say what's going to happen when the Chinese and the Russians get this technology? are you kidding me its an RC plane!!!! you might want to worry about your own people using a common toy and making it into a cheap flying bomb which can be detonated from a safe distance by remote control ???? ive already seen rc planes that shoot down other rc planes with paintball bottles of air !! using BBs as ammo. im sure that its just as easy to make a bullet come out of one ???

That is the adverse reaction of using improved technology. It comes with the territory.That is the adverse reaction of using improved technology. It comes with the territory.

Now that it has gone gobal we want to regulate it.

Thanks tea party, we are not as safe now. You are terrorists sympathizers

ha

Hopefully, our government will start using predator drones to assassinate Americans who violate traffic laws, or litter, or disturb the peace.  God bless!

Obama needs another Nobel Price.. he deserves it.

I voted rom

Now you all know why the repubs kept the drone thing front and center....those egotistical beasts don't care about anything but their reelection. That's why each in the legislature should be limited to 8 years.Look at the 'locked up' stalemated government we have today....limit their time and they will be freer to govern. Geez, there is really nothing hard about this folks.

The future is here.Let the video game wars begin.

It's crazy because the basis for these "signature strikes" is any male in the region ages 20-40. Also, when you hear that a drone attack has killed x amount of militants, the policy for what a "militant" is are deaths that have not been posthumously exonerated. So unless irrefutable evidence is presented that acquits drone attack victims from terrorist activity, they will be considered militants. Guilty until proven innocent.it may not sound right,But he is a Dictator alright.! Cos he likes to dictates us on How we should follow his stupid policies and if we dont agree we will suffer.Also about that nobel prize I dont understand how he won it,cos he has Not earn it.aahh I know what,cos he is Americas first Gay president,hehehe.What else could it be,!

IT is assinine. The FBI, TSA and CIA are run by government employees with guns and you want them to decide who lives and dies even in the US... Don't ever speak about freedom again... This is truly a police state. China is freer.

What terrorism, we are in a war, and this is what tax money might be paying for? What about the depth our country is already in?

...and General Allen (an honorable warrior) retires (?) rather than accept Obama's appntmt as commander of NATO. Add Allen's name to the list of fine U.S. military persons who have retired (?) during Obama's term. This is just "another brick in the wall" for Obama's destruction of the USA...wait til we find out the replacement appointment!

Friend or Foe signature beyond sight range for drones and autonomous seek and destroy mission ready artificial intelligence embedded measures and counter measures brought to the world by liberals who wanted to escalate terrorism while taking arms away from the general citizenry at large.  Obama is effective in creating a frightening world posed for global war.  Thanks Democrats.  You put him in office as Commander in Chief of the Military with a junior senator experience and a sorted past of aliases.

How about we the people get  to pick one person in america and  send a drone after them? I have  someone in mind.The only problem id the idiot that  will replace  him.

I see China giving Pres. Bobo the big finger! Hahahahaha!

We should be alarmed only if the drone manufacturer sells them to the terrorists!!

lol it is not  a problem... neither is the debt  I am buring  you in. so vote for my  old lady  and hill  and they will  keep your graves  nice and  plant daisyies on it for  you the people.Come on now  if you  vote for them it will get me out of the hot water.My  brother  musssleims will love you  for it.

Presidents doesn't really make most decisions like people think, Presidents carried policies that is already in place by the systems. Look at that drones program, which Obama was not even in agreement with when he was campaigning for the first term, now he is using it more and perfecting it more than Bush who originally started using it. The Systems is bigger than the presidents of any country and will be there after him.we'll stick one up your socialist #$%$

We must SLASH our $16 Trillion Nat. Debt, US will lose the ability to direct such policies. China, Russia, India, Brazil &amp; sev. other countries have already agreed to exchange $$ that is not dollars because our FedRes has devalued the U.S. $$. If we lose "reserve currency", the US is an "also run". CUT THE DEBT

it keeps our troops alive in high risk situations? We will see how these guidelines go,and why other countries want them we might even sell a few and make some jobs out of it . Where are the drones bring in the drones.

Here you go ...now the USA[prez] wants to govern/police and make rules and regulations for the whole world to abide by after having a free for all and running trod over everybody else in the world with their new toy and now that china/russia etc gets their own its become a serious threat to be 'controlled and manipulated' by our govt...we need to stay outa everybodies bizz and take care of our own at home and not the 'bully' of the world who feels the need to 'boss' the whole world around and try to dominate as it just hacks alot of people/countries off and strains world balance....this will bite us in the butt,thanks prez

Remember one thing O, you like drones someday a drone may like you back. It may come in and kiss you right on the lips. Bring them to US soil and the kiss may happen sooner rather then later. You keep f'n with our military and one disgruntled member that operates the drone may f'n you back. They would probably become a national hero.

Somehow waterboarding is illegal, 'we are no better than the terrorists' &amp; unconstitutional, anyways, how many dead by waterboarding?  None.  But Obama Hussein can wipe out villages, wedding receptions, innocent civilians (all documented &amp; naturally all accidental) and the state run media basically gives a free pass.This the first &amp; biggest hypocrisy.  The second is now he wants to tell others how NOT to use them?!?!This is coming from President who promised 'most transparency' but circumvents Congress anytime he finds a way.  He wants to inform China/Russia on uses but not his own Dems or Reps?Question: hypothetically, what if Canada or Mexico sent drones over US soil to kill their own citizens?  Yet, the US is doing it in Pakistan (w/o approval) but killing Pakistanis.

Pride proceeds destruction, an arrogant spirit appears before a fall.

Too late for setting standards!  They will use the same ones the US did.

Look at what you did DUMBSSA! Get the KCUF OUT on your own free will!

war has become to impersonal nukes missiles bombs  i say we go back to swords and horses.  when the lives of the people you vow to protect have to be put in danger more thought goes into how those lives are sacrificed.war has become to impersonal nukes missiles bombs  i say we go back to swords and horses.  when the lives of the people you vow to protect have to be put in danger more thought goes into how those lives are sacrificed.

Are you happy you voted for this guy Now???

When I produce films, I use drones all the time. You can buy one for as little as two hundred dollars. The problem is learning how to fly them. Once learned, it's a thrilling experience.

Rise of the machines!!!! ....Truth is stranger than fiction.

I swear, this POTUS has got to be Kim Jung Un's half brother. the resemblance is striking!

Lets see now , Bo Bo proposes rules , UN adopts rules, then holds them against us in the future , all the while allowing the "rouge  states" ( North Korea, Iran , fill in the blank) to go unchecked? Makes sense to me.

WAR, WAR, WAR, God bless america? ha !

When other countries start targeting American civilians with drones - remember what we did in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iraq.

I say Destroy All Drones, along with their Operators, Manufactures and Especially thePoliticians who Order their use, If I had the Power to Curse these People to HellI would surely send them there.Let Everyone just say ZAP

obama needs a drone up his #$%$.humm whos on whos side? russia,china,india,pakistan and north korea will all team up to kick americas #$%$.india hates america.I say Destroy All Drones, along with their Operators, Manufactures and Especially thePoliticians who Order their use, If I had the Power to Curse these People to HellI would surely send them there.Let Everyone just say ZAP

obama needs a drone up his #$%$.humm whos on whos side? russia,china,india,pakistan and north korea will all team up to kick americas #$%$.india hates america.

dont matter what he does right or wrong, he will lie about having anything to do with it and then blame it on those pesky republicans

Did they say DROWN OFUKMA?

Okay this is stupid and what i dont get is they say america is getting stupider but our technology is more advance more than others!!

Impeach that n!663r now!!!! I don't want my families lives to be ended by a commie kenyan!!!!

Perhaps Rand Paul should hire some black folks to attend his tea party rally's so Obama don't send a predator drone to blow 'em up. lol

I guess Obama thinks he's playing grand theft auto: Afghanistan

The problem is the others have less manufacturing costs for drones and they will never reveal the real number they produce or use.

Noble prize winner should be BUSHY AND #$%$,sNoble prize winner should be BUSHY AND #$%$,s

When ever we feel, we manufacture rules, laws, FOR OUR BEST INTEREST.

This has got to be one of the dumbest things I've read in awhile: "In Pakistan, where the U.S. military is not in ground combat, the Obama administration would probably not want drone strikes to appear as being conducted by the military."

Is it really any surprise that Obama seeks to be the head of all as Supreme Highlord World Leader and dominate all beneath him?  I still think he's personally just a dumb puppet having his strings pulled by other but meh.  In my day to day life I could friggin care less.

Keep dropping those drone attacks, President Obama!!  Americans who are in enemy territory have a reason for being there, and it isn't a good one either.

Use it to do good - not alienate other countries like Dubya did. How about using to strike on wildlife poachers and illegal whaling. One strike will send a message and I bet these low-lifes will stop.

Obama will become like Bush the killer for triggering new war episode with drone.

That is right Obama!!! Terrorist if you #$%$ with the United States you Will get the drone in your #$%$.. If you don't like what George Bush started and Obama expanded take your #$%$ to the Middle East!!! All of you terrorist and anti U.S. mother suckers #$%$..

Diva America....arrogant and Ignorant as well!!

China had considered conducting its first drone strike to kill a suspect in the 2011 murder of 13 Chinese sailors, but authorities decided they wanted the man alive so they could put him on trial...well now we know we dont have a democracy.China had considered conducting its first drone strike to kill a suspect in the 2011 murder of 13 Chinese sailors, but authorities decided they wanted the man alive so they could put him on trial...well now we know we dont have a democracy.

they already messed with food and freedom. check out agenda 21

You people are so pathetic Now something started by Bush and you want to give Obama credit for it all.

They should name the next generation drone the Nobel.

I think the drones are a great invention, to kill enemies without risking our own lives. But if you are terrorists, you will have zhiit in your pants and giving loads of thumbs down at Yahoo here. Keep in mind the so-called Americans overseas are in reality terrorists with an American passports. You can be anti-American or anti-Obama, but you can't deny that this is a very powerful means to deter terrorism, and money well spent.

So now watch a drone from North Korea bomb Obama at White House .....,

starting soon, the drones will be used to catch people who urinate in the parks.

We are the 'Evil Empire' and if it keeps going this way, run by militant homos.

USA can save money by investing in drones and closing down the navy

Doesn't it seem contradictory that the liberal who is against war, opts for a video game weapon that "sanitizes" the act of murder?  Really, liberals are gutless liars."You are a low down Yankee Liar" ......Movie "Shane"If you can do no good, at least do no harm.

I think one of the biggest lies of the drone program is that because we are "at war" it is ok, keep in mind we are only at war in one country...not a dozen.

You would think the USA would of learned how every country in the world wanted an H bomb when we came up with one...... Radar  can't track these drones- Now what?????

China, the biggest human rights violator of the industrialized world has decided rather than drone strike someone they'd rather have him stand trial. America on the other hand has O.K.'d drone attacks on AMERICAN CITIZEN'S without trial. This really tells you something here sheeple.

The US is a police state,  Obama a war criminal... China is freer and we are fools.  China's interest in unmanned aerial vehicles was displayed in November at an air show . According to state-run newspaper Global Times, China had considered conducting its first drone strike to kill a suspect in the 2011 murder of 13 Chinese sailors, but authorities decided they wanted the man alive so they could put him on trial.

B.o looking around and having a sweat!!!! Now to late, china is right behind you

When we're the only ones using drones we can do whatever the hell we want. When other countries decide they want in on the action we then have to set rules to using it. What if North Korea were the ones who were deciding to use drones. Would our government be trying to set the rules or just flat out telling them they can't use it?  I'm all for that pro America #$%$ but sometimes I feel ashamed that we're lead by a bunch of hypocrites.

i just masturbated with a belt around my neck

india will never ever support america get that thru your head.the brits and america are one in the same.so in a few years when the #$%$ hits the fan america will be in it on there own against russia,china,india,pakistan and north korea.america you have no freinds NONE.

Oh, the controversy and the legal grounds... oh, wait extra,extra, read all about it... Drone us "Increase World Wide"??? #$%$ stuck on stupid :)This makes anyone think twice about saying anything

Drone Meaning His Empty Wind Bag Speeches

someday a nuke will come into a major city..not on an ICBM..but a drone.....

Guys I know we use them all the time, hell we even use them on our own citizens, but now the rest of you better play by the rules. You know the ones I just made up. Or else.............

Ahem....cough...hello Iran, can we have that one back?

Why, are we so nieve to feel that technology can be held on by terror moves like that Phillip!  See here is the problem, how do we know when a program works with behaviorial analysis that it just would not harm you?  When will we wake up and realize that special interest groups with tons of money get the opportunity to use these technologies because they develop them to maintain a monopoly on materials or resources.  The reliance of campaign money and back door deals are the only way politics work anymore and it is a game of one up man ship!  I strongly encourage the people of America to wake up and realize that terrorism is real but is manipulated through special interest organizations.  Who's to say that someone will not have a drone kill U.S. citizens before a trial or that they had a technical clitch!  If we continue to do things without total intelligence knowledge first hand than things will get out oh hand!  Drones do work, do the people using them work?

Tea party planning a revolt- don't want drones in action

obama is a joke!

Obama setting rules because he is going to start suppling the enemy. with drone technology, he thinks every nation who HATES U.S.A. should play a fair game of WAR! so Obama is to load them up! " listen up terror nations""DONE'S here" form 1 line please"Iran Pakistan. North-Korea " come you guys every body gets a drone' Somalia. Venezuela. Cuba " "

BY using drones to carry out missions, it dehuminizes the process making the decision to do more of them easier.( as long as there still money to do so.. ) I can see the wars of the future carried out by drones..( sounds like a scene from the movie terminator.)The US moved on to some new way to kill terrorests

The only terror ists our nation knows is the corrupt FED that controls it. Yes people, our central bank and those elite families that are in it blew up our trade centers. What was we forced to do after entering the war? Barrow money. From what bank does our government barrow? The federal reserve bank that consists of the richest people on earth to date. Being forced to barrow money creates debt that creates interest fees on the money loaned thus creating more debt. They own the banks that America barrows from. War is a massive profit for these people. They own the mass media corporation of America and have been able to easily trick you into believing their lies and installing hate and fear into the hearts of Americans against an innocent people. Brainwashed to hate. And the last and most darning piece of evidence is the fact that this same group of people own the military corporations that America buys its wars supplies from. They are still reaping massive profits off of post 9/11 and has used the war to justify dictatorial acts and procedures to the president and his appointees. The patriots act was passed after 9/11. Almost all of our civil liberties have been destroyed. I could go all faking day about how are government rather the heartless group that controls it blew up our trade centers with nothing more than cold hard facts and evidence. All day. Dear Jeeze, this situation is hopeless and I wish God would come back for he is the only one that would ever judge them of their crimes. We're too brainwashed. Too patriotic, aye.

what future failure is buckwheat gonna chimp us into now

They call them unmaned but a man still sits behind the controls. The problem is the men who put on uniforms and are told they are the good guys, and its ok to kill the bad guys on the other side.The fact is we are all on the other side depending on onesperspective. Mama's don't let your babys grow up to  soilders.

Drones ruin the tea party's plans for a coup

Tea party is all about protecting the terrorists

Considering that the last terrorist strike was against 2 Financial buildings, the pentagons, and the White House, I am no longer concerned over who has what military weapons.   If a terrorist strike were to happen again, they would take out our leaders (who need to be replaced anyways) and not the common USA citizen.

the tea baggers are with the U.N. on drones, or with Obama?

If i had to choose,i would rather be waterborded than droned.DON`T DRONE ME BRO!

this man needs too be kicked out of the country we are loseing our rights more every dayIf i had to choose,i would rather be waterborded than droned.DON`T DRONE ME BRO!

this man needs too be kicked out of the country we are loseing our rights more every day

How is Obama different from Bush?  Time for a third political party.

It was just fine as long as Obummer thought he was the only one with a joystick. Air Force 1, or Marine 1 would be unsafe otherwise.

OOOOO--Baaaa--MaaaOoooo-baaa-Maaa..I had a president Oo_ba-ma was his namewhen he was elected my country was never the sameO..h please, Oh..please Oo-bama stay away from meeee....Ooooo--Baaaa--MaaaOo---Baaa--Maaa..

Hes afraid China will put a hit on him

like Judy answered I'm in shock that anybody able to make $6057 in four weeks on the computer. have you read this site buzz45.comONLY

Here comes the hypocrisy just like with nukes.  Our government will try to tell people what they can and cannot do with drones while doing those things with the drones.

Obama's a jerk.  I'm sorry.  At least Romney was truthful about his strict obeisance to the  corporate and financial elite.

lol look at what you d@#$% are saying..we're acting like animals.. this is really sad :/ Greed,Lust,Gluttony,Pride,Envy,and sloth will fk us over :)Wow, the white house thinks our enemies will see a difference between the military and the CIA when we blast them to kingdom come? Please, oh please, put some adults in charge. As a side note, will personal STA missiles be included in the gun ban? Sadly, it looks as if we may need them.

Obama should be given freedome to kill any number of humen with drones.

#$%$ NOBAMA. Go back to Kenya.

Li Kequiang, "Hahahahaha one man brought the United States to it's knees, Osama Bin Laden.  He was smart, a rebel fighter like Mao located in the mountains, with few resources except his exceptional brain.  Americans are fighting itself in to oblivion, hahahahaha."

Li Kequiang, "We got them spread all over the world, they don't know where and what their gay forces are doing."  "That's why they will fall."

Li Kequiang, "For Mr. Obama only talk talk talk, lie, lie, lie, for me I shoot first I never ask questions or answer them, a waste of time."

Li Kequiang, "I always tell my generals, a good American is a slave we will use until he is dead."

Li Kequiang, "Mr. Bin Laden did his job to make America weak financially. They owe us so much money, we can build 25 aircraft carriers, a 1000 stealth fighter bombers, 4,000 missiles equipped with multiple one megaton warheads, 40,0000 advanced stealth fighters, 50,000 modern tanks, equip and army of 20 million soldiers, and 2 million drones"  "Like their actor said, MAKE MY DAY, hahahahaha those weak girly Americans."

Li Keqiang, "I recommended to the Pakistani president to send his drone to Mr. Obama and tell him to shove it up URANUS."

Li Keqiang, "We will send a billion drones to the U.S. to turn the gay Americans and their liberal supporters into #$%$ Chop Suey."  As for their colored leader we will feed him to the pigs.If we had a Repub in office...Nugent and Lapierre would be supporting drone use to fight street crime....and want them available for purchase by the NRA membership.

Tea party coddles terrorists- worried about their rights

AMERICAN PEOPLE WAKE UP!!!

As despicable as the drone program is...and as criminally liable the president is ..don't forget the republicans are mostly in full support of this killing that's going on.   That is the sad part..there are no checks and balances.

Obama the one world king.

One less drone while Joey "Bite me" Biden is visiting the Vatican.

I like that emblem in that picture above

" targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity"Are you f**kin" sh*ttin' me? So . someone decided that some people are acting in a suspicious way and they order a drone strike on them? I'm already outraged by drone policy but I at least thought they knew who they were targeting.That policy is like seeing some guy they you think seems shady leave a bag on the bus and just killing him for doing so. Oh  . whooops it was just some clothing.

A drone is way easier to design and build than a manned aircraft.  It's not like it's his fault.

Fly one over the next big republican event.&gt;"surgical strikes"? Since when is blowing away 60 innocents in a village marketplace, to eliminate 1 unconfirmed 'suspect', qualify as 'surgical'? Kinda like cutting off a leg to eliminate a pain in your toe - without establishing the source of the pain (cut? ingrown nail? arthritis? gout?).When you want 'surgical' - use a sniper (1 shot - 1 kill) but PROVE your 'facts' FIRST (Saddam's nuclear 'weapons of mass destruction' in Iraq?).&gt;"targeting terrorism suspects based on behavior and other characteristics without knowing their actual identity"? WHAT 'behavior' - accusations by questionable informants as happens when you offer huge cash rewards for a father turning-in the boy in another tribe (village/religious sect/etc) for looking at your daughter? ('Hatfield and McCoys' ring a bell with anyone?) If you did this in NYC - Brooklyn and Queens would be a shambles!US$25000, offered to a goat-herder, poppy farmer or smuggler, in a place where US$1.00 can buy food for a week can overwhelm most people's ethics - unless they're SO devoutly religious that they're ALREADY fighting a 'Jihad' against the invading 'infidels' corrupting their women and children. Why give them one more reason to fight - unless your REAL plot is to suck your OWN people dry as you bank millions in 'tribute' from 'Govt contractors'."Hearts and Minds"?Armed drone use against non-uniformed combatants and non-combatants is simply 'COWARDICE'. Lusitania, Coventry, Dresden and My-Lai all over again.

Remember: what goes around, comes around.

The World has changed. No longer will wars be fought in the manner of the Cold War. Drones provide the U.S. with an edge to address global issues that we did not have before.  We have lost enough Americans on foreign soils unnecessarily, often caused by uninformed politicians.  So Drones are here to stay; get used to it.

if the repub dont want the president to use drones why dont all the repubs in america go fight the war maby hand to hand combat!!!!!!

I'm a liberal who is against water boarding and for drone strikes. A prisoner who is helpless and no longer a threat should be treated very differently than an (illegal) combatant who is not a helpless prisoner and who is very much a threat. Makes sense, no?

alot of comments said make me wonder if a lot of you people are better off moving to a different country that you feel you some dedication too?

Law-abiding Americans across the country are turning in their guns as part of police buyback programs in response to the school massacre in Connecticut – a shocking illustration of how citizens are choosing to disarm themselves without the need for gun control legislation.

Alabamaians aint taking this  #$%$ too likely.We live and die FREELY!

It seems that most of yous have the same opinion as I, now that other's have the technology or will adopt it soon our government wants to set rules. What kind of rules are going to be in place when they start fly overs of U.S. citizens on U.S. soil. My opinion is there should never be any drones flying over U.S. air space. Our government is not trustworthy enough to allow that.

There are way too many people on the planet, and we can only benefit from Al Quaida Obie’s drone kill ambitions. AQO promises to expand their use to include more lawyers, pols, abject poor, religiously superstitious irresponsibles, and most medical professionals.  Is this wrong? Of course not! As de trop as are the biologically unfit, terminally ill, and other twisted subhuman riffraff, they can safely be removed without damaging human evolution in any way. “Ol Sod” killed the Constitution for us w/ NDAA, (after Bush mortally wounded it), did he not? Even the Marine Corps is in his stable now. Who needs freedom? Just another word for who’s performing the pederasty on our backside. At least “Ol Sod” has experience in that corner. He has consistently refused to prosecute the Clintons and Bushes for war crimes. As killing harmless children appears to be the new American pastime, is that not a wise refusal? Oh, my goodness! We can worship Obie for a ton of wonderful bloody things. The porcine brotherhood, in a #$%$-embrace with the dusky devil, is psychopathic, true, but they are also in possession of all that is necessary for their survival &amp; political hegemony. They have hired the brains, (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc.), built the control systems (NSA) and underground cities. Except for the stupid ones like Gates, Trump, Buffet, etc. they are at least putting more energy into making the world better than the silly religious freaks, corrupt pols and lawyers. Sadly enough, “Al Quaida Obie’s” planned culling will not remove population pressure to a desirable ½ billion, as assumed. It will merely reduce us to about 5 billion. A nicer number, for sure, but the planet still cannot sustain even 5 billion of us and our “also-rans” indefinitely. What to do? We cannot fault the porcine brotherhood’s assessment of our current environmental situation. We can only fault them on their short-sighted solution. If they would just take a break from their Au accumulation insanity &amp; holocaust planning, they could see the wealth-building possibilities of Pontibus creation.  Healthy people are in short supply, when one considers the plethora of subhuman dross. We are not all “useless eaters”, Ted. The great bridges can expand the planet’s radius, support 100s of billions of us, and make a healthier habitat in the world for all living things. Subhuman abortions, HIV/AIDS scams, poisoned vaccines-food-water (as population-attrition attempts) will fail. They are as short-sighted as is poisoning rats or surgical deployment of biological weapons. Healthy humans can all find self-actualization, augment the human experience, and produce unimaginable natural wealth with Pontibus’ erection.Native Americans  been fighting terrorist for over 400 years!!! Why beef up the drone program now?? It ain't no fun when the rabbit got the gun..JS

Yo if haven't took ten just ten minutes timed even I bet if we could ALL I don't give a #$%$ who you are ... But but if EVERYONE thinks how could we get money to just go away NO ONE WOULD BE BETTER THAN ONE ONOTHER (no judging, no hate NO HATE IN our minds  DUUDE my bad I trip on that #$%$ but..  )  of how you get us all working together I mean no money type a #$%$ think hard and positive thoughts ..............its possible...........we are  all human people go out of your way one day to not make some one or somthing feel like they are low BUT AT A CONSTANT EQUEL(is that spelled riGHT) always treat people equel just that #$%$ could be a start just one day maby make a holiday but treat like there equel like try it I hope a lot of people read this and #$%$ starts to happen .........I hate money and those of you who LOVE money you hate that #$%$ to trust just because when this planet shares with no cost NO COST just know the world is not going to have money........... I hate but I got earn it YO THROW THAT #$%$ IN ON OF YOUR RAP LIL WANYE #$%$ #$%$ ....

Tis funny how so many want to blame Obama when this has been going on since 2002.... Poor, ignorant fools.

whats this buckdancing, flat footin, pimprollin, samboing, mack daddy, step and fetching, blue gumming, knuckle draggin, buckwheating shine up to now??

You guys #$%$ crazy if one bob blast in the us by terrorist you will cray the rest off your life that is why the president do protecting you , things change technology is here

You may feel differently if these drones are used on groups of people defending their constitution, but that’s what will happen. You just have to read the fine print.

I like Obama but I disagree with him on the use of drones indiscriminately. For sure, drones have killed hard to reach terrorist but how many children have also died as a result just because they were around the wrong adult at the wrong time. How many Sandy Hooks have our drones caused in the Arab world. If we can pin point someone's location...we can send in another seal team just like we send in the drones. The chickens will one day come home to roost. I look forward to the day when we withdraw from the regions that we are not welcomed in by far anyway. If we are not in Afghanistan or Iraq and leave those places alone then maybe we would not show up on their radar either. Let China and Russia police the Middle East and be big brother. Let them shoulder the brunt of the cost in that part of the world and let the animosity and hatred build up against them. We need to only concern our selves with the regions where we are welcomed like Israel, Europe, Japan and the Western Hemisphere. Our companies can still make money and we can live a safer existence.

No country in the world could take us on in a army vs army, let alone these third world countries in the sand... They adapted their warfare by adopting contra tactics, we have adapted by using drone warfare. Why should American blood be shed when metal and technology do the job? I'm all for drones

I just hope the comet hit the f king earth and everybody die.

The concept of drone is primarily to  gather facts in aid of preparing effective defense of country and people,but, not to kill. Once its used to kill, becomes lethal and probably subject to the inherent authority of the UN to role on its use.The concept of drone is primarily to  gather facts in aid of preparing effective defense of country and people,but, not to kill. Once its used to kill, becomes lethal and probably subject to the inherent authority of the UN to role on its use.

People are so #$%$.  Obama is a suit!  He is a puppet!  I mean lets just say hypothetically that he was the most powerful man in the world, he still can't act without the approval of the legislative branch and his decisions can be overturned by the judicial branch.  Stop blaming him for all that's wrong and look at the fossils in the house and senate (whom magically reappear each year) and recognize that THEY are the lawmakers. Take it a step further and google the black pope.

yes, u better think before you condemn. this is smart. and once again, most of us get it. hes not saying get ralph for drug dealing, or use a drone on a shoplifter, but imagine if we had drones on waco, shut down tim mcveighs operation before hand. we get it, and thats why we have to explain stuff to the people on the right. heres how you can think smart on your own...stop listening to limbaugh and get with the times. bush tried using 26000 troops to act like he wanted bin laden, when our president sent in six gangstas, went to his party, didnt tell anyone, and got the job done. it didnt take 5000 troops from the right because we would have to constantly stop and explain the next step to you. plus..youre noisy. our president realizes we are not in a war of combat, but a war of tactics. alqueda has no front line, they use tactics. we are starting to "not play by the rules", but republicans are acting like the lil bi*ch that always raises his hand to tell the teacher. get with the program or kick rocks. we now kill significant terrorist, not a book club. we dont let them know our every move. that shock and awe was a joke, so we adopted the program called "SUPRISE"! heres the truth. white america is so #$%$ because of this presidents race. alot of racist FEAR because we no longer label you as the majority. lets be real. you complain about gun control, but you misinterpeted his statements, go out and buy more guns, and guess what, you are the stupid mofos that go out and do the mass killings, in the name of the second amendment. smh.

are you scared or what? wikkileaks  though expeled, and silenced lives on.what is good for mr A is also good for mr B,when u piont a finger at a person dont forget that the rest four are pointing at u.i said it, its not how it started that matters  but how it ends,beware drone war is iminent, haha

Sometimes you have to kill to save.

What would we do if China was using drones to kill Americans in America? I am sure we would be #$%$.... but I imagine the government wouldn't care. They have been showing us lately they only care for themselves.

you didnt say nothing about it either 8 years ago.  obama is just taking the tools, precidence, wars and legacy the prior admin left him and running with it

this is really funny america has been playing these games for years in other countries putting military bases in everybody else country but not allowing any here blame your four fathers thieves of history payback is a mutha america has not made up for there sins

Obamanation...you voted for it dummies.

murderer in chief.obama sucks on all levels.what a dushbag!murderer in chief.obama sucks on all levels.what a dushbag!

Speaking out against this Administration is putting a big target on the top of your house. I’m waiting to see the Gov. MFG. a reason to push the button. Remember the saying, Silence is golden? Rules for engagement. I thought the Constitution is our rules.

thats 1 great Pres  you repukes.....

That's funny. I don't remember any of you complaining when the Bush administration was using drones.

So glad I didn't vote for Obama twice over.

Obama needs to go back to Kenya !  they need a Ruler not a President

Obama and the word drone in the same sentence, finally your all catching on. Too bad you re- elected him first

i know onething,OBAMA sure did drone ROMNEY'S butt.

It is going to be really funny to me when another country attacks us with a drone... I wonder what all the supporters will say then? "Oh how dare those terrorists kill us all we did was kill them, their wives, and their children"

At this time there are only 163 comments. I am highly amused at the ones attacking the President, and am reminded of a famous quote by Mark Twain: "Better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt."I know for long that OBAMA don't want America to be safe, he come as a christian to take all American and Israel secrets to share with his Muslims countries, since he was elected , things get worse  everyday by day. people starving , no Job no food , no good friends, no love no peace, killing each other , war from war,  please lets unite and remove OBAMA now and safe our country America. Arabs will attack Americans soon  with force world wide .

Bottom line, President Obama is not doing anything any other president would do. He took an oath to protect our country and is using the drones to get rid of the terrorist. Yes, there will be innocent people who get in the line of fire. But, ask yourself this, if you were the president of our country, wouldn't you be doing the same thing that he is doing now. I would. Other countries are starting to develop this technology, he wants to put a lid on it, makes sense. However, will it happen? You know the old saying, when pandora's box gets opened, you can't reverse or close it. As technology increases, there will be more and more countries in the future that develop this. No wonder why that job turns your hair grey in four years!

We started the drone use, we make the rules, so the wrld has to obey!!!

Two guys are sitting around talking about politics.One of them asks the other, "So why are you a Democrat?""Because my daddy and granddaddy were Democrats," was the man's reply."What if your daddy and granddaddy were horse thieves?""In that case, I guess I'd be a Republican

our drones are #$%$ the job #$%$ on gloal opnon we have a weapon that saves amecan lives ,, what s more mportant american lves or terrost lves hell with you liberal #$%$////,, do you thnk we can go n some of those countries and kll there terrost leaders wth out a great loss of american lives do you lberals  enjoy amercans beng klled

I did not read where Obama said he is going to use the drone program to kill Americans or the Taliban on U.S. soil.. I did read where law makers wanted to know if Obama thinks he has legal authority to kill Americans or Terrorist on U.S. soil..there is a different people.. Like I always said there are two kinds of republicans, " a rich one and a stupid one, the rich keeps the stupid STUPID and the stupid keeps the rich RICHER".

You guys think this is video games.. one guy liken it to the terminator movie, this is real threats.People the terrorist doesn't play by gentlemen poker rules. If you want to be patriotic go join the military, if not stand the #$%$ down.. WE AT WAR!!!!!!

Just a quick note of interest to everyone on here that is blaming and giving snide comments towards Obama. Obama did not create the drone program, it was started in 2001, and was in place when he took office. Reason for the program is to create a way to lessen the loss of American Soldiers. And if you go on the dumb rant about how he will use it to kill American citizen, its been said plenty of times, they can not use it against an American citizen a non combatant on American soil. But he can, and has used it to take out for Americans who turn on their country and hang around the taliban and start the death to america #$%$.

...iam so proud of our US President Obama!....God Bless Obama...lets hope n pray that a Drone fly's over Texas and takes out shithispants draft dodging "Ted Nugent".....

I love all the hitler and Muslim obama references. Like this is the first evil #$%$ in office. Hes only doing what hes told. If u racists get ur head out of ur #$%$ and see the big picture maybe change could happen but i guess once a white man gets put back as pres america will be the greatest country again right i pray 1 day the truth will come out and show just how long evil souls have been pulling the strings of the elite but thts just a wish of a crazy manUSA drones have been murder. No rules for the use of force, only a weekly assassin list for the killers of the filthy USA. Wipe them out Iran.

"As U.S. ground wars end - over in Iraq, drawing to a close in Afghanistan - surgical counterterrorism targeting has become "the new normal," Vietor said."It used to be called "assassination."

Hmmm, the tech for unmanned piloted and unpiloted drones has been around since WW 2.  So the monopoly for drones really never existed at all, BUT what has changed is that everyone just used them for surveillance.  Well that is until the US started putting missiles on them or using them to lase a target for another missile launched from a fighter.  The US opened a can of worms when they launched the first drone attack, that permitted everyone to use them.  Anyone with a radio controlled aeroplane now has the makings of a small drone.

Evrn on a day when there's NOTHING to day or discuss, he has his big mnouth in overrdrive...  There is noty a day goresd by that he isn't gleaning some absolutely unnecessary "ink"...  Why doesn't he take a break and just SHUT UP..!!!!!

just like with the nuke...when only one has it it can do whatever it wants with it......but when all have it ...well then ...there must be rules so to prevent everyone else from attacking us! pathetic human species!!!!!!!

will we go to a state of warfare where drones are the arms and civilians are the targets?

Yeah right.

One of the Obama administration's goals is to "regularize" the drone program, making it more a part of accepted U.S. practice in the future, Lewis said. "This is going to be part of warfare.".....How long until we read about the practice of " Peacefare ".  More U.S.A.  do as I say, not as I do.

the US  looses a few drones within a few months  they are copied.  Now they  want to change the rules  . I am very sure those countries who now have them must be rolling over the  floor in mirth  sarcasam   and deep  laughter .  Can you hear the phone calls ,Oh sure Mr President we agree whole heartedly , lets gets the UN to drum up some  working draft in the next  lets say 20 years  .. Meanwhile  lets have the first conference very soon  ,How does Pakistan  sound bud .  Meanwhile the sound of drones you hear   are not from  the worker bees  making honey.  It aint going to work or  happen  the Genie is out of the bottle again

Obama keeps changeing the rules, how can you trust anyone who doesnt play by his own rules?Someone should use a drone stike on Obama.

Considering the lack of rules before anyone else had drones, the Rules the US is calling for is likely rules for everyone except the US.

When you had the upper hand - there are NO rules.You attack anybody, kill anybody, anywhere, anytime.Only when you are no longer the likely top dog - you want rules(in your favor of course since the OTHER side is Evil - you still want to attack any country, kill anybody, anytime anywhere.

drones and the hoarding of ammo and guns....what's next?  Oh, that's right, hussein wants to execute all those on U.S. soil, whether or not it's justifiable! why so?  Oh, that's right, because there will be a revolt against the citizenry of the U.S., as soon as everyone wises up to hussein's illegal acts.  TOO LATE!

Another 4 yearts do as i say not as i do, for our nobel peace prize winner ,

wonder how i will shoot down a drone from another country flying over my house if obama takes all my powerful guns.

I get it now...It's fine if he does it, but if someone else does it he gets pizzy. What kind of freak did you people elect?

""The United States has also carried out drone strikes in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Somalia.""And soon in downtown "LA", Chicago, Detroit, Denver and Miami.

Hypocrite in chief is at it again.

Typical.  Oh yeah, the U.S can have drones all by themselves and do what they want, but as soon as other countries catch up with the technology now there has to be standards, rules and regulations.  Your NOT the world law makers U.S.  I am all for the drones IF their ONLY use worldwide in every country is to thwart and monitor terrorist or other illegal activities, but I would find it hard to believe that would be their only use.  The drones are weapons period.always giving the bad example to the rest of the world

Obama wants to be KING of the  World. Guess who the Queen would be ?

terrorism is a product of government.

Don't fall for it! Keep the drone laws loose and wild! At least until some degree of "payback" for the lives lost has been levied. This is the same tactic used in WWII with the nukes. The U.S.A. dropped them, knowing full well the impact of devastation they would have, and once the damage was done, asked the world for regulations on these most foul weapons. It seems  to be quite the habit for the American government. Develop a new method of death, use it outside of the law, kill until many shout foul, then act all interested in regulating it, thus preventing any retaliation at all.Or as we used to call it on the block, real arsewholes and not to be trusted with anything.

Nobody even listens to this empty suit. He needs to quit and go back to africa

Since OWE-Blamer's administration has more holes in it than a Iranian navy ship, he now wants to put rules on the rest of the world?  LOL, kind of funny.

I see this primitive drone technology growing in leaps and bounds with endless possibilities. One day military leaders will be sitting in their little play station war rooms with controllers operating fleets of various unmanned assault vehicles. The only question is who will program the super computer in control.....will it still reflect man's ideology and incessant need for dominance?

And this my friends -- is what it is -- and has been -- all about -- globalization in the finest sense of the word -- stay tuned!!    The real "Obama bin lyin" is just about to show his true colors -- his "advisors" are moving up the time table -----

hahahahahah now the "rules" are being brought to the discussion table love it

When civilians start using them then you will see some real restrictions.obama's lack of respect and inability to adhere to the Constitution of the United States of America is treasonous. He and his entire administration should be removed from power immediately.

Obama want to be king, send this illegal back to Kenya

Obama ... a wolf in sheep's clothing.  WIth regard to militarization and destruction of civil liberties ... he's Bush on steroids.  He fooled me once and I voted for him in 2008.  I didn't fall for his shtick in 2012!

Dictator Obama unleashed drones on leaders of foreign countries and has set the stage to use them against americans on american soil and now he thinks HE can set the international rules or even offer suggestions?!?You reap what you sow and the Obaminator opened the door for other countries to target the highest offices in a country; even the president is an international target now.  Terrorists won't have to get pilot licenses now; they can easily get a hold of drones from the enemy of every country; China and use them to deliver explosives pretty much anywhere they choose now.With multiple drones in the airspace above our cities; will you know which one is our government spying on us versus a drone under the control of a terrorist?

with Obama rules are for everyone else.

Yeah, President Obama is well aware of China and Russia getting drone technology that's why he's defunding the U.S. Military. Brilliant plan. SMH

Now he wants rules.What a joke.He hands them out to cops all over the country.Kills people at will.But now he want rules.What a dumb azs

should have thought of this a long time ago

The LYING SACK OF #$%$ simply GAVE one of our Top Secret drones to the Iranians!!!  NOW, he has the audacity to say they kept the program SECRET???  Traitors should be SHOT!!!!!!!!!!

America wants NOTHING to do with the NWO so obama can just gofukhimselfThe LYING SACK OF #$%$ simply GAVE one of our Top Secret drones to the Iranians!!!  NOW, he has the audacity to say they kept the program SECRET???  Traitors should be SHOT!!!!!!!!!!

America wants NOTHING to do with the NWO so obama can just gofukhimself

How typical of the U.S. who for years has used drones to kill people now wants to control how everybody else acts.

do as I say, not as I do  attitude is current administrations battle cry. maybe he should abdicate his throne and let someone else take the lead.

It's time to bread midget pilots to overide the system when it gets hacked.

Purposefully ignored rules and legislation already on the books lack enforcement necessitating the proliferation of more rules and legislation.  'sounds like the Second Amendment brouhaha.

Does it come as any surprise that Oblameblame wants to provide rules of engagement for the entire world?

We need to stop this clown.

i think its a wonderful gadget, when you have people willing to kill their fellow countrymen using terror tactics, then by all means, take his life, i see no problem with that. the ACLU might get a bit miffed, so what?, human lives are like a grain of sand on a beech, if its a bad seed get rid of it, its not a moral issue for me. and i don't care what country its in kill it anyway. and in doing so, we have to accept that innocent civilians might be killed as well, that's the price of security, get over it!

The narrow minded and purposeful Barrack will continue to do things his way, OR ELSE.Do as we say we do , not as we do!  The new American way

As with atomic weapons, the USA only seeks restrictions after they feel vulnerable to their own technology.

the guidelines you been using should be retained by all that catch-up with drone technology.for a taste of your own medicine

rules do not apply to me. I am Special.meanwhile, do a i say not as i do....

like the LIARS that comprise our government would keep thier word on anythingif i see 1 im gonna shoot it downI thought it was a u.f.o.:D

Before the election,Obama was working "fast and furious" to put together a manual to "tell" the next president what was an acceptable way to use drones. According to what the UN just said,he has messed this up as badly as he does everything else.

drones are killing the children too

Lol! The idea of Obama doing anything is a flag to enlightened Americans that something is wrong. Put politics aside, Forget about left wing/right wing,democrat/republican, color of skin,blah blah blah! The truth is that if drones are so perfect, and you believe that you are a fool!If I was a third world country full of envy, A possible target of the outdated technology I would not build a drone to be like the aggressor. Instead I would round up a team of talented individuals to learn the ins and outs of the drones. Example, How does the drone link to the controller. Then I would silently observe the missions and let the enemy achieve a victory or two,All the while coming up with a plan seeing what they see prior to the attack. Let them gain confidence. And then one day flip the script let the #$%$ hit the fan. Make them launch an attack get airborne and divert the control to your priority's. Yup as the drones are in the air heading for the target with munitions that are loaded in their wings take control and have them cannibalize the friendly forces. Have the drone do a 180 and destroy the basis it was supposed to protect.It is not rocket science it is technology that junior high kids could do if the wanted and a country could surely use robotic control against us.

What a hypocrite, when other countries are close to launching thsese things THEN he wants rules. Meanwhile he could use them like a kid with a new remote control plane.

The USA era is long over. Now, it is China; the superpower.The USA era is long over. Now, it is China; the superpower.

Obama is worried that... Iran will hack one of its drones.  Oh wait, that already happened.  Yea, some technology.  This is just spin as the world watches the U.S. continually drone bomb innocent civilians ~ as if the U.S. is the only nation capable of ethical use.  What a joke.The actual target efficiency of drones is 2%.  That's right.  Out of 100 targets only 2% are effectively neutralized without innocent civilians being killed.  Yea, some technology.The "center of gravity" is the corporations needing to sell more hell-fire missiles that arm those drones.

Soon Chinese and N.Korean drones will be flying over U.S, killing mongeral gringos

The best thing about having Obama as president is that America and the world gets to watch the Republican Party make total hass's out of themselves! Thank you guys for all your hard work in getting him reelected a second term!