Oi....no more Lego for my kid. he can do without the toxins and lead.

Arturo you got on the internet with a computer I assume what brand is it because it was made in china without a doubt unless you built it from scratch.

This seems like a dangerous move. One of the things that makes Lego such an amazing brand is the fact that their Quality Control is so high. As a result of that, their bricks fit together perfectly.  I fear that allowing Chinese factories to take over production for any of the bricks would be a slippery slope towards producing the rest of the world's Legos.The moment my Lego says "made in China" is the moment I stop buying them. I'll just give my son the ones I played with when I was a kid.

Time to stop buying legos for the kids...

Lead blocks for your children to play with..

US should breed like rabbit and turn this country into a cheap poor manufacture slave laborer.

Still love the LEGO video games though!

Such profit hungry fools! They never learn from history!...

I wonder how much lead or toxic chemicals they will use?

Wow I had thought they were an American company not Danish. Hmmm maybe it's time for an American based Lego knock off company in the states.

If they do this I expect the price to drop drastically! LEGOs are too expensive. :(Don't do it!   I will not buy another lego for my son if this happens.  We already have enough dangerous products coming over from China.   Health before profits!!!!!

Now this debacle is about to be expereinced by Lego.This time, as  they Lego go to China for instant big profits because of their overwhelming demands...with china after 5 to 10 years, the existing exciting Lego market will shrink soon to death throes because of the rampaging competing  Chinese imitations that really look like Lego in both concept, quality, and plastic materials!...LOL! How stupid!I wiil laugh already before the sorry comes!...LOL!

LOL! Remember Honda?They put up a motorocycle manufacturing in china about 15 years ago.Before this there were no other motorcycle brands in our local markets aside from Honda, Yamaha, and Kawasaki (european brands such as Ducate, BMW, and Harley Davidson are much rarer)Now our city is flooded with  China made Honda imitations..All the original brands are only about 50% of the market size...LOL! How idiotic are these profit greedy Japanese manufacturersTheir greed for instant big profits (due to low Chinese productin cost) is theatening to kill finally their own Japanese "Hen that lays the golden egg"!LOL!

{n  •  3 hrs ago:It's not Made In China that's the issue here. It's the company, not the country. Haven't heard about iPhones,  Macbooks, Dell laptops, Lenovo computers, Samsung devices killing people yet. You need to look out for the small uncontrolled factories manufactoring counterfeit #$%$, not large internation companies like Lego. They control their own Quality.}This is the reason  if thereweare choices of notebooks manufactured in other asian countries or those from Europe, I will not buy Dell, Samsung, Lenovo, Mac and iphones....In fact I did not buy Lenovo despite of its good performance, because  I only buy products who have offices in our cities for our personal consumer after-sales quality assurance...

Thanks for informing us Lego!You are sure we will not buy your products anymore...

I first stopped getting Legos because their price was way too high for their value.  Then I stopped because I grew out of them.  Now I will not buy them at all; in five years, I can buy their cheaper knockoffs for half the price with similar if not identical quality.

well that's it. I bought my first pirate lego set in 1992. I didn't mind they were made in Germany or Denmark. Since then I always been a avid Lego collector....But now...damn it there goes that hobby. Sure I wont die with out it but I feel a big piece of my life has been destroyed as dramatic as that sounds.

kids making kids toy's ingredient will be a corporate trade secret.. and its legal.. quite honestly legos are not as much fun as they used to be when they were just basic blocks..

This is bad.

Lego my egg roll.china will box them up aand sell them to north korea as do-it-yourself computer kits.

Very good, China.

I I were Lego I would rather suffer the GAPS in Supply, than SLACK in Demand due to flooding of immitation!After all, demands for supplies can realtively wait, and even warrant good prices, than thatthe presence of dumping of much cheaper imitations would finally kill your own industry!LOL!Such profit hungry fools!LOL!The money you amassed by instant profits would just naturally loss values incrementally due to inflation...and that can be remidied by permanent strong market demand...But the market you eventually lost to imitations is definitely irreparable, and irreversible!...LOL! what stupidity!

Lego is not tainted, NO MORE LEGO!!!!!!

Plahying with legos is one of hank jr and I's favorite past times in the odd folks home. That and spewing hate. Pat Bune just playw with himself.

Lego my Eggo!

China just keeps on WINNING!

Now they can take away good jobs from Swedes- or wherever they make them now, give you a shoddy product, and STILL charge you waaaayyy too much for them! Nice!

"Let go of"...Lego!

Please build some Chinese Theme LegoAs soon as they start feeling like lead, I will stop buying them!

Toxic legos from now on?  Bye bye Lego

im suprised the #$%$ havent copied those already and profited

It's not Made In China that's the issue here. It's the company, not the country. Haven't heard about iPhones, Macbooks, Dell laptops, Lenovo computers, Samsung devices killing people yet. You need to look out for the small uncontrolled factories manufactoring counterfeit #$%$, not large internation companies like Lego. They control their own Quality.

Wait..they weren't made in china to begin with?

This isn't going to go over well.

Don't forget to make sure they use lead paint in the lego's...

Legos were the last toy on earth not made in China. Now it's over.

Ignorant! China don't use child labor in manufacturing, becuase it is not efficient. But Child porn are everywhere in US!

Bad idea considering the amount of lego knockoffs in the market.  The only difference is the type of plastic used and once it is in China, they need to be aware of the formula being stolen and replicated for much cheaper price.What you people fail to understand is that there is no lead in the paint and furthermore if you want to sell in China you have to produce in China. What will happen, and probably already has, are copy cats since this is a simple product with little barrier to entry. If it takes off look for Leggggos sold in China. Until IP protection and a decent legal system are in place, one is a damned if they do and damned if they don't. Trade treaties require production in country to sell there. They will not accept pallets of finished goods from Union Workers in Michigan or anywhere else. That's the trap.

Taking a page from the American playbook. Export jobs to lower costs at the expense of cheap child labor.