wow.....confiscation of deposits......

The IMF is cheerleading this stupidity?   When the well heeled pull their money out of Cypress, there will be fewer loans available to the suckers that think the class warfare ploy makes this theft A-ok.   Progressive tax systems have never helped grow an economy better than a flat rate would.

A penny Saved, is a penny earned - Ben Franklin The more you save, the more you lose. -Cyprus Socialists. Work hard all your're life, to support thiose on food stamps. Save up to buy a house, so the bank can take it from you, and make it into a sec 8 alien baby factory. Ben Franklin is a rollin' in his grave.

So it sounds like Cyprus is similar to the Bahamas over here.  They've been a tax haven for tax evaders.

Willie Sutton's out of a job.

Confiscation is confiscation. Don't jelly the meaning.

not gonna stop the bank run around the world if they let this happen.  idiots.  how many do you think are watching this very carefully and are getting ready to take their money out......they can close the banks in cyprus till thursday, but people around the world will start taking out their money from banks from lack of trust.

It doesn't matter, be it small or large depositors, its THEFT.

Nah, lets not rob the poor, lets just rob the middle and rich. Yeah, that's the ticket.

"no charges to anyone" this is nothing more than a robbery without a gunThis is just another word for bank robbers  they are all criminals  and crooks  how they can steal from your bank accounts  with just a little ink and a crooked law  to rob you of your savings and retirements

Take my money and someone will go missing

The 'little guy. Too small to succeed.

Here in the US the banks will simply close their doors on a Saturday at the normal time, and a sign will appear on the door between then and normal opening time on Monday.  The sign will say CLOSED FOR OFFICIAL AUDIT

I will be shocked if this doesn't cause riots in the streets. I know if they steel my money, there would be hell to pay!

If you think the relatively mild reaction markets have had to this development so far is all the falllout there is gonna be just wait until the banks open back up. Boom! Bank run, and it may spread to other EU countries, esp the PIGS. Now may be a good time to cash out.

Small or large, would you pull your money out? If your in one of the "PIIGS" nations... and not that you should anyway...but would you now keep a substantial balance in a savings account? I believe we all know the answer.

The #$%$'s or the Communists have figured this one out.  America be ready for this coming to a doorstep near you.  Oh, that's right this Adminstration has figured out how to hide it in taxes and Obamacare.  Good luck.

Please!  Don't give Oblamy any ideas!

I think the people of Cyprus are going to lose no mater what happens; take the deal, and get taxed. Turn the deal down, and risk a default that may spread to other countries.Does it really matter?  Either they pull the money from the accounts in order to get an EU bailout, or they go broke and nobody will see any government benefits which will ultimately hurt the poor the most.  There is no answer, and I wouldn't be surprised if Germany and others useed this tactic to get the people to buy off on benefit cuts with with minor pushback.  Unlike the greeks who protested all the cuts that had to happen in the first place

This would be a ..dream come true here in America for... O'baloney.

It makes you wonder, is there really any intelligent life out there? Who will be putting their money in a bank with a negative interest rate?  Time to start investing in Russian mattresses manufacturers.

A lesson to everyone!!! They will do this in every country eventually. No bank is safe when a government can steal deposited money...I am converting assets to gold, in my hand.

little by little the kettle gets hotter

They kind of follow my suggestions.  I propose classify into three categories, citizen, non citizen from EU member countries, and non-citizen outside EU member countries and tax based on these categories.  I propose basically no charge for the small account for citizen

The Russian money launderers deserve to have their deposits "taxed".  They should have them confiscated and should be prosecuted.

They should give the depositors shares of stock in the banks.

I'm sure it never dawned on them to reduce bankers' pay first, then see how much more might be needed.

Maybe they should just tax foreign deposits at 100% and be done with it, do it Chavez style. Any way they do it, their banking system is probably down the tubes now anyway.  Does anyone really believe that depositors will feel any sort of relief now?At the end of the day, I'm sure foreigners (outside Cyprus) will wire all their funds out anyway and local citizens will be doing the same.  This will cause further needs for capital, in a never ending cycle.For all those who are outraged,Whats the difference between taking 6-10% versus the government printing a trillion dollars and your money being worth 6-10% less?This shows how dumb peopel are. Riot both ways, not just when they physically take money as it's the exact same thing.

Watch out Europe you are next!!!

This move is just the politicians protecting themselves, not protecting "the little guy".  The POLS know the average voter is less likely to vote them out of office so long as those voters don't have to directly pay the price for the POLS stupid governing decisions and someone else gets stuck with the bill.

Oh look Cyprus stands up to their banks and we in America do nothing when our Banks/Government do this to us like Ben has been doing for the last 4 years.

For what to save the BANKs again!!!! Damn people let the banks go UNDER!Like we should of here..They make a bet and it doesn't pan out so go after the people!I have never been so appalled in my life! Say the big banks at all cost! WTH

Well now, this is a bright political decision too late in coming. Incompetent management is what has got them in this position in the first place. GER and EU must be making these poor folks pee their shorts. Why not just let them drown in their own spit? Not enough cash in the world to bail everyone out as we have found.

who says you need a gun to rob a bank?

Just like the tax and lie Obama, they have to back down - left wing coward Muslim loving crapppheads

This is really scary--not only that they're taxing deposits but now that they've decided to choose who gets taxed.  They know that the small depositors will be more likely to go along if it doesn't affect them, and it's promoting class warfare.  Just like Obama is doing here--

Drag the politicians out on to the streets!People seem to blame only Germany for this tax. IMF's majority board members, are all behind this tax to save both Cyprus and the EuroZone.Cypriots have to be thankful that the value of their savings is still intact; people affected by Financial crises in Asia, Africa and Latin America have different tales to tell, caused by IMF-administered Currency Devaluations.

Who needs Dillinger?  The banks are robbing the depositors themselves.

IMF + Cyprus politicos  = Robbing Hoods.

i hear the people of cyprus are buying large quantities of rope

So you get yourself into debt but refuse to pay for it, sounds like somewhere else I know...