When we cannot afford to run our own country without borrowing to keep operating, I think it is time to eliminate giving money away to Egypt, Libya, Afganistan, etc. etc. If they want military equipment, they should pay for it..

The land we aquired was also stolen by one Indian tribe from another Indian tribe and so on..........

I wish all politicans had to be seated in alphabetical order reguardless of party affliation . Make them work together whether they like it or not . Very tired of all this #$%$ . THIS COUNTRY COMES FIRST ! Not anyone party .

All these different budget cuts to various departments is necessary to control cost .But not one dam dine is cut from foreign aid . Many different countries around the world are paid to like us , what a crock .All these major weapon systems the US is buying things it or the military don't need or want .But a lobbyist put in a good word  (CASH ) in the right ones reelection Campaign .All current and former cabinet members are allow home remodeling .one just discovered was a remodel of a private home bathroom after four years of being classified  cost to tax payers 225000.00 .There is so much waste in the Federal Government .we can balance the budget in just a couple of years if we cut the fraud and waste.

Retired Presidents get $ 450,000 for life.Retired House /Senate members get $174,000 for lifeSpeakers get $223,000 for life.Minority/majority leaders get $194,400 for life.Average deployed soldier in Afghanistan gets $38,000Average senior on Social Security gets $12,000I think I know where some cuts can be made.

Politicians = Cut grandma's social security that she can't make it on now. But don't touch subsidies to the lobbyist who don't need them. What a bunch of dirt bags. Every one of them has a seat that was paid for by a lobbyist. They care only about making the rich masters happy for more campaign donations at next election. They could care less about the middle class. The fortune 500 mafia has destroyed the greatest nation on earth for greed.

Where is the cut in foreign aid?  I didn't see one... we can't pay wages for employees here, but we've got millions for our enemies overseas.

A lot of the layoffs could be prevented by bringing a lot of our service men and women home.We cannot police the world.Too many lives have been lost,too much blood shed.

Kick the can down the road.  This is disgusting that our congress cannot come together for the benefit of America rather than the political parties.  They both vote like a herd of sheep straight down party lines.  What are we supposed to do?

When did a 6-month spending authorization become a "full-year" funding bill?

The sky is falling!!  Instead of shutting down meat inspections for 2 weeks, why don't we slow it down by one afternoon per week, all year long?  If we'd manage these reductions instead of grandstanding, we'd be just fine.Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs.$60 Million / 418 employees = $143,540.67 per employee.  Not even a dent?  Am I missing something?

We have been adding a trillion + to the deficit every year, and they are only willing to cut $600 billion from the deficit over ten years or $60 billion a year.  We are on the road to Armageddon.

5% and 8% cuts are considered painful?... so if i was spending 200 dollars a month total i would be cuting out 13 dollars... and thats painful?

Wow where do I start on this article.1) "While top Senate leaders like No. 1 Democrat Harry Reid of Nevada focused on the big picture — preventing a government shutdown — rank-and-file senators were sweating the small stuff, focusing on local concerns like keeping meat inspectors on the job..." First of all Harry Reid looking at the "big" picture, I just laugh, secondly only 5 very short paragraphs later...2) "A particularly popular amendment by Sens. Mark Pryor, D-Ark., and Roy Blunt, R-Mo., would shift $55 million from lower-priority Agriculture Department accounts to prevent furloughs of thousands of food inspectors." So it went from "sweating the small stuff" to a bipartisan "popular amendment"?3) "... Paul Ryan, R-Wis., the failed GOP vice presidential nominee..." Wow...ok.4)"The counter budget proposal from Senate Democrats would repeal the sequester cuts at a cost of $1.2 trillion over a decade and blends about $1 trillion in modest cuts to health care providers, the Pentagon, domestic agencies and interest payments on the debt with an equal amount in new revenue claimed by closing tax breaks. The net result would cut about $600 billion from the deficit over 10 years." So your plan is reducing the debt over 10 years is at best $600 billion? Wow that helps. Sad thing was there was more about this article that was pathetic.

Politicians cut the services that hurt people; instead of terminating their friends government contracts.

Just fire all the dam incumbent politicians the next election cycle. Forget party, just fire them. They can not come up with a budget nor cut 2-3% without doing stupid stuff. This just makes me sick because we have serious problems and they are playing jerk around.

600 Billion savings over 10 years is not even close to what it should be

This deal sounds like business as usual to me - taking care of "my" special causes.  Am I stupid or do these congress people just think we're stupid?  We will never get this spending under control as long as they continue to act as they always have and pat the palms and backs of lobbyists and special interest groups.   They can fix the problem without changing the culture.

Part time legislation?  What do we need with a full time Congress?  Give 'em a part time hourly (minimum wage) pay.

Where are the cuts to foreign aid to countries that hate and spite us?We also should have the W.H. look at all the redundant and wasteful spending that can be eliminated, it is estimated the government could save $400Billion a year in these useless programs.   This is a criminal misuse of our tax dollars.If the U.S. Dollar collapses, there will be a worldwide DEPRESSION that will make the recent recession look like pimple on a dogs butt.It's not the muscle we need to cut, it's the FAT!

I wonder if there was anything in the bill that would have required meat/poultry processors to partially fund the inspection process themselves.  The reason we inspect meat etc. today is because the greedy owners (many years ago) failed to provide a clean, healthful product, fit for human consumption.  I don't doubt that would happen again, so let the processing plants pay part of the cost of inspecting the product.

Oh, dear - not a good picture.  Reminds me of a Seinfeld episode...

Is a full year funding bill the new name for a budget, if so lets call it a budget. No need to muddy the water here folks.The hue and cry that if we don't have the money for this and that then the world will end  is getting pretty well used up.The world is not going to end, but the world of some of these fat cats living off of the government dole might.Where are the savings from the budget cuts that took effect 1 March. The Federal Government did not hand out pink slips to a single employee, workers were reassigned to other duties, meaning we now have 8 people performing the duties previously performed by 6 people. You have an office with 10 people this is 400 manhours per week, with the furlough program each worker taking 1 day off per week you save 80 manhours per week, if you terminate the employment of 2 workers you achieve the same result, but you not only save the monies for their wages but their benefits as well. Where is it etched in stone that a job with the Federal Government is guaranteed for life.

Quit giving Pakistan $ billions/year so that they can safe harbor the Taliban and al Quaeta and buy and supply them with Chinese weapons to kill our soldiers.  Spend the money at home.  Don't bail out Cyprus so that Russian cartels and drug lords and corrupt politicians savings and investments are protected.  Spend the money at home.  Pass a law that all PAC and lobby money paid and/or given to Congress must go toward national debt pay down. Quit jerking around and ripping off American workers.

So much for the automatic cuts due to the sequester. I knew that wasn't going to happen. The last paragraph of the article sums it up. Sequester cuts repealed, "modest cuts to blah, blah, blah...." increased revenue from reduced interest on the deficit and closing tax loopholes. Bottom line, 600 billion over 10 years. How many percent is 60 billion out of what is normally a 3.75 trillion dollar annual budget?

Find those 10 Repubs who voted for it and take them out of office.

Please explain to me how cutting less than 1% of our budget is such a huge amount it jeopardies are readiness for defense? We all ready spend more than the next 13 countries combined and have more aircraft carriers than the woorld combined yet a few billion will screw us up lol.

can't keep spending money you don't have. all they want to do is keep there job.

They just can't stop spending our money...WTH...This is c(r)ap!!! W(T)F we spend more on defense than 13 of our allies put together! How much is going to treat our soldiers with PTSD? How much is going to provide more mental heath doctors? Yet making sure the defense contractors get their money is priority #1 with the GOP? Where are the cuts to foreign aid? No money for poultry of meat inspectors. So the price of food goes up. No cuts to OIL SUBSIDIES, and we pay more for gas. Take from seniors that barely have enough to fed themselves, but make sure big oil keeps their pockets lined. LOBBYISTS NEED TO GO. GET OUT OF WASHINGTON!!

What, I thought D-Day was that horrible Friday several weeks ago when the politicians failed to pass a budget. Now you are trying to tell me that D-day is the end of the month?? Would you please make your mind up, I'd like to know the exact time the world ends because we cut spending so I can plan my life.

Only 587 pages? Wonder how much it will grow in the House.......

Still no budget and still no plan for the future.  Our government is run by crooks no better than anywhere else in the world.

The 2013 NDAA gave the Pentagon 554 billion in January.  800 military bases around the globe.  How much more in the budget for the warpigs?

I don't trust the AP anymore.  Take this article:  "...to send the measure over the 60-vote hurdle set by Republicans."  The Senate rules set it a 60 votes.  This has been used by both parties.

why is government cuts effecting private sector. you need to make cuts in places the government is wasting monie. putting air traffic control, and meat inspectors are vital parts of our daily lives. Try some of your programs that are putting a burden on the peolpe. try no vacations for the crooks in politics tell they get it right. No pay raises, no lobster dinners. Cut back some of this un-needed military action . Bring our troops home , get out of other peoples buseness. stop giving free aid to illegals , stop paying for there childern to be born here. direct your attention to the needs of the people of this country and stop bending over for every one else. Obama you would be remembered better if you stood up for the citizens instead of agianst them..

Obama's Baby!The company with the most profits parked overseas is General Electric, according to a new Bloomberg analysis of 83 corporations.GE said in a Feb. 26 regulatory filing that it was holding $108 billion in profits overseas as of the end of last year. That is up from $102 billion a year before. GE said in the filing that it reinvested most of these profits in foreign business operations and does not intend to bring those profits back to the U.S.The practice of holding profits overseas has been highlighted as a strategy to avoid paying taxes. GE paid no U.S. taxes at all in 2010, according to The New York Times -- an allegation GE spokesman Seth Martin called "untrue" in an email to The Huffington Post Monday.GE did not comment on the $108 billion in profits overseas.

F'ing idiots

This bill sounds like a big snowball that will hurt everyone but the one that our legislators are most worried about is Dodd-Frank regulating Wall St.  They're jumping to protect their bankster bosses.Why the BIG photo of Paul Ryan when the point of the article is a Senate Vote?  Paul Ryan is in the house and cannot vote on this legislation.

In other words, everyone who doesn't have a lobbiest loses.Could've just said that.

Still borrowing $0.40 out of every dollar spent. Can't keep going that way. Biggest hit to IRS revenue was the recession (much more than Bush tax cuts). Why can't the politicians see the way out of their own budget problem is to first fix the economy, and get people working.

Does anyone out there have ANY TRUST OR FAITH IN OUR GOV'T??  ANYONE??   Yet we put up with this #$%$ day after day--- Isn't that our fault?? What can we do about it??

So you are going to choose cutting 600 billion from the deficit vs. an actual balancing of the budget?  How does that make sense?

You bunch of treacherous greedy vultures!!! The middle class will not forgive or forget.

Cuts should start with welfare, all forms, corporate, personal, and foreign aid. The amount of free, unearned money we give away is sickening.

Article is about the Senate but the photo shows Paul Ryan who is a member of the House.

sold out again.

Amazing it's 600 pages of more expenditures!  PORK mostly!I keep hearing how democrats want to close tax breaks. But they never actually say what tax breaks they want to close. The mortgage interest tax deduction if ended would destroy the housing market.Because millions of americans rely on that tax break.

Crazy times coming!!!!

politicians on both sides make me sick.

All these politicians want to cut the budget - as long as it doesn't effect their constituents! Can't have the local voters getting #$%$ now, they might not re-elect them next time! Wonder if any of Paul Ryan's budget proposal calls for any cuts that could negatively impact Ryan Incorporated Central, the family construction business that has gotten miliions of dollars in contracts from the Federal govt.?

We wouldn't be in this mess if any of them actually focused on the so called "big picture"

Weed Out The Pork .  No More bridges to nowhere.Set up a bipartisan committee to weed out the pork and end the practice of attaching pork projects to unrelated legislative spending bills.

neither party can make a hard decision and they both spend like drunken sailors. with all the waste reported that is enough to take care of the real needs. they let the waste go onto their buddies . SAD.

Polls show congress with a 9% approval rating yet sorry #$%$ Americans return over 90% of those SOBs evey election cycle. How disgusting is that?

if you cut fraud and waste and stop letting illegals in that tax payers have to pay for that would help tremendously!

I'm getting ready to explain things to my small grandchildren, that they may have to work two jobs to help pay down the deficit if this keeps up...................So Democrats would rather send money to CORRUPT ISLAMIC REGIMES like Egypt than Keep AMERICANS WORKING! Remember in November!

Are you sick and tired Americans ?

JC, baffle you?  What part of "Stop spending money we don't have, don't you understand?"

neither party has the guts to do what has to be done. the gop is just as bad as the dems they both believe that the answer to our problems is spend more money. How long has the war against drugs, and war on poverty been going on at what cost and ehat has been gained. I remember when Urban renewal was pushed thru the great way to fix inner cities what did we get empty lots for blocks or high rise ghetto's. They both have to learn that vast amounts of money doesn't solve anything. Look at education all we spend and the general education is worse. Time to quit spending in Washington and kick the control back to the states

What about wall street and the wealthy

What is the point of passing a bill that undoes everything the sequester was meant to do?  I thought it was meant to force the two sides to sit down and hammer out their differences.  Instead they are giving in to the pressure of budget cuts by putting them back on line.  What a bunch of garbage

Deficit Hawk Republicans who want to reduce the deficit by doing nothing but cutting spending were going to block this legislation because they were not getting enough spending that had been cut by the sequester restored in their districts!But they are not obstructionists.  They really do want to cut spending and refuse to raise revenue on principle.  We all need to tighten our belts and share the sacrifice.

So the only thing they want to cut are the cuts?

My answer to all the administration lying about sequester consequences is.........I'm driving  for transportation and eating vegetarian. So such my soybean texturized frankfurter.

No one should get any pork after they let the sequester happen . You made your beds ....LIVE WITH IT !!!!You se, they all want to get re-elected and not be the bad guy.  They do the non-budget budget and call it a day.  Your tax dollars at work America.  Dysfunction at its best.

A bipartisan full-year funding bill took a big step forward in the Senate on Monday, despite opposition from Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems like looming closures of air traffic control towers.and this coming from an administration who after 4yrs is FINALLY addressing a budget, BUT only because they've been pressured. think about it people. the president says out of control spending is sustainable. ok, now ... how long could any of us run our household or business this way, no matter how big our families or businesses are? spending like this, could you imagine how long it would take until our creditors would pull the plug on it? yet the president thinks he can run an entire country like this? none of you Obama supporters see a problem with this philosophy? come on people, enough of this 'we got your back Mr.President'. enough of this defending him no matter what he does or says wrong. the country is slowly but surely sliding into the abyss. when will you see he's not making things better, even though he said he could and would? how long until you get tired of him blaming everything wrong on someone else? when is enough, enough?? when will you see things, and him, for what they are?

The first paragraph starts with a lie. The DOT has $600 million MORE than last year, so very few, if any control towers need to be shut down.

Same old son and dance. Kick the can down the road. Doesnt anyone see that if there is a budget then D.C. cant fund everything they want to. Without one they can do anything to fund anything they want. Wake up people. Both party are up to no good. Revolution party. Is here.

Just pass it and we will tell you what's in in later.  Isn't this the way democrats are leading this country down a one way street the wrong way?  What is wrong with these people.  Don't cut any foreign aid to help American.

We spend 1 billion on free cell phones for people - I paid 15k in Federal Taxes this year and I don't have a cell phone - how is that social justice ?

When BHO was campaigning he said:“When there’s a bill that ends up on my desk as president, you the public will have five days to look online and find out what’s in it before I sign it, so that you know what your government’s doing.Is he still doing that?

do what reagean did in the 80,s! lets build America and don't worry about all the other countrys!

The government shuts down every weekend and more 4 day weekends than the rest of us can imagine. Not to mention extended holiday vacations. Does anyone notice when they are not there? Then don't try to sell this #$%$ that a government shutdown is the end of the world!! Just like the appocolypse that Oblowhard predicted with the sequester!!

Our government is growing out of control, they have their dirty hands in everything we do and will continue to make all of us need them more and more while never ending the spread of the government disease.  It's bad enough that the democratic party is enslaving the weak and buying their votes with handouts they haven't earned and don't deserve; it's like free candy for children.and it's not going to get easier

it ain't so funny when your distric starts getting laid-off. look at them scramble now. toomey from pa and blunt from my state want to spend now. wha hoppen mr. cut, cut, cut?

Do the math on this one.((((((Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs.))))))$60 million would barely make a dent in 418 CONTRACT Employees layoffs.That figures out to $143,540.66 per contractorHow much are these people making???????

Aiming money at home state problems is what got us in this shape to begin with. Congressmen should be forbidden to introduce any bills that move money to their own state. That's what they have governors for.

As a former Marine Sargent, if I had performed my job just 1/1000 as bad as congress, they would have hung my tail from the highest yardarm and charge me with dereliction of duty, and rightfully so.  Maybe it's time we hold these MAGGOTS accountable, every last one of them!  To every Marine, Sailor, Soldier, Airman and Guardsman, past and present, it's time to take back OUR Country.  WE PAID OUR DUES!

oh my!  a surprise coming together at the last moment.  how interesting...  not.  can't help but wonder how much pain, suffering and money this new fiasco will cause

When the government officials are mandated to use the same healthcare, retirement fund, abandon all perks and privileges, live under the same laws as every other citizen, and ultimately be held accountable for their misdeeds in office, then and only then, will America have decent leadership.

The last sentence says it all "The net result would cut about $600 billion from the deficit over 10 years" That is only 60billion a year out of a yearly deficit that is over 1.2 trillion.  This country will never ever get out of debt and we will have over 100 trillion in debt in about 25 years.

Starting to look a lot like ALL our politicians are unwilling to do the right thing for the country..They all have their cronies and friends to subsidize..

kick the can down the road , sooner or later the sh#$% going to hit the fan !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Time for america to start thinking out of the box,drop the party idea and create a group of people that has this country and it's people best interest in hart and mind.left wing or right their all on the same bird and it's time to pluck these birds.

Kicking the can down the road, one month at a time.

time for a new Amendment to the Constitution.Repeal the 17th Amendment and limit a Senate career to two terms - or a full and a partial.Corruption would be cut in half, money would have far less effect on the legislative process, and a small bit of sanity would return to that cesspool known as Washington DC.

You do realize that your politicians continue to give your Federal Tax money, by Hundreds of Billions of dollars a year, to other countries that want to annihilate us?

term limits is what is needed to stop the corruption in government that alone will save trillions and stop ALL aid to all other countries keep our tax dollars here helping citizens in this great country which I fear is in decline because of mismanagement of our money and thief by greedy pols

We have over 120 foreign bases. Rome fell because of it's unsustainable Standing Army and it's division within. Check and Check.

A bipartisan bill despite opposition from Republicans who were denied chances (what is bipartisian again)?

Where is the President's budget?  By law it should have been submitted by now!

Let it shut down.  Most of us will do just fine.

When are you people going to realize, you cannot trust either side!!Interesting the same guys whining about pork and promoting smaller government are fighting for funds to help their districts.

Let's just cut the games.Neither party is suggesting anything that will make any impact on the deficit. Period. Neither party cares, and both have special interests lining their pocket.Their goal is to keep the public divided and uninformed. The Republicans want the conservative portion of America to hate everything liberal/Democrat. While the Democrats want the liberal portion of America to hate everything conservative/Republican.We are going nowhere, fast. And things aren't looking bright.

Why don't we just Freeze spending across the board for 5 years to be fair?I had a pay cut, I wish my pay rate was frozen for a while

Life is soon to become much more difficult in America.  I prefer it to be now while I am able and my children are young, rather than when I am unable and my children have to figure it out.Bring it on.

Awww, poor GOP.  They want to cut everything but their own pork.  SO typical. They'll tell us how "pro-life" they are before the kid is born and then cut food for infants while cutting birth control that force the kids to be born and starve.  Deranged sadists.

And,so, the charade continues....until our stock and bond markets crash along with the worthless dollar being printed to the tune of 85 billion per month by Mr. Bernanke...We are living in uncharted waters....plowing blindly ahead like the Titanic.....

Roll OUT the Barrels , the barrels of FUN...

I call b s on all their lies, rhetoric, fear mongering, and hype.  And, until more people do the same and stop spreading their talking points rhetoric, nothing will change.  No matter what party you are doing this far, you are the reason we are in this mess.  It is your fault.

They forgot to tell you that they have attached another bill to the CR. The so-called “Marketplace Fairness Act”.  More accurately described as the National Internet Tax Mandate, this legislation allows states to tax businesses without any “physical presence” in their state, ignoring the standard established by the Supreme Court.It flips the original intent of the Commerce Clause on its head by subjecting businesses to burdensome out-of-state taxes and represents the worst sort of taxation without representation. They didn't tell you because they just can’t wait to get their hands on what essentially amounts to new bailout money through the federal government forcing more taxes on their citizens. Those who support lower taxes and smaller government must stand united in opposition to turning small Internet retailers into tax collectors for the states. Call, write or Fax your senators and reps and tell them NO NEW TAXES!!!

The Senate GOP caved...no surprise...all there relative work as lobbyist and they have to keep them employed.  Its up to the house to vote it down and control spending.  Shut the Govt. down if necessary.They all suck. They care more about getting reelected than doing the things needed.

They caved again. The govt wont shut down. They wouldn't get paid...

and this is the best government money can buy.....lol

All these #$%$ want is cash for their campaign donors. Who cares about grandpa's and grandma's medicare and SS? Heck, all they ever did was save the world in WWII and never bankrupt this nation!

what's the matter Hank?  lol

so where did all these employees come from since last year when the budget was lower?

The insanity of all of this is that these people can make up any bill they want to... anytime they want to in order to suit their own purposes. Government shutdown?.... Only if they let it happen, which they won't... They are like their own Fairy Godmother... Create a Bill to erase a previous Bill.... if that one doesn't work...make up another one... who is going to stop them?....

I bet they give themselves raises again.

We're all on the Cypriot freight train to ruin if we trust these idiots in DC to fix anything.

How can they be overdrawn when they still have checks!?!"Catch all spending bill"' I guess that means they will "catch all the taxes they can and borrow every dollar they can, and spend every dime of it"". Spending tax dollars is what "potiticians" are all about and when they run out of those, they print and borrow more.

It could save $900 billion annually but Democrats want to keep the benefits and entitlements for the minorities. Sad what our country has become.

Why do we keep keeping these same career politicians in D.C. They are the ones responsible for this, but yet we elect the same people into office. Nothing is going to change unless you shake up D.C. in the next elections, and vote a new, 100%, Congress into office. Until then, we will continue to get this.

Time to get ready for the same old PORK EXPRESS.....bend over America, here it comes again.....and will the last American leaving please bring the flag?

"We need to cut the out-of-control government spending" unless it affects my district, state, etc....  Don't they see the hypocrisy?

These SOB's can't do the Job.  Fire them all starting with Obama.

The democrat plan:  Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend, Tax, Spend.

What happened in Cypress today regarding the way they closed their banks and simply helped themselves to a percent of everyone's money should have been front page news.  With our insane national debt, something like that could happen here, too.

A Democrat bill getting through the Senate is as shocking as a Republican bill getting through the House. We'll see when it hits the House if the Democrats came to play ball, or if it is the same one sided garbage.So far, 10 Republican Senators of 45 (22%) is hardly bipartisan.

Why even have two parties when the opposition just folds every time?Politicians never stops their soap opera fed to the little people, while they 'suffer' all the way to the bank.

When is it time for the rest of us to call a fraud a fraud.  Clint Eastwood already did.

Something they don't mention is that all these plus ups are immediately cut back by sequestration.  DoD is getting almost $11 billion  for ship building and maintenance at the expense of other agencies.  Other than that, the total spending is still at the same level.  Neither of the bills on the table is based on the Party plans.  They are only another stopgap meant to last untill the end of the fiscal year while they continue fighting over details like air traffic controllers at local airports and White House tours.If you are going to shift the expense of Medicare to states, why not also shift the expense of air traffic controllers?  If your state wants them, they can find the funds.

What's the size of the senate budget? Story does not say what the budget totals are

Don't you just love it the way the media spins this freaking garbage?!?!? A spending "resolution to carry us through the year"!?! In other words, another year without a budget!!!!! Do you folks understand this president is on the verge of completeing his ENTIRE two terms in office without a FREAKING BUDGET??? An the stupid radical left-wing media SAYS NOTHING!!!!!

Loose Obamacare and the budget WILL balance! And the Middle class won't suffer from the proposed tax increases! ( High cost of living is going to hurt us in the long run)

and yet again no mention of cutting the politicians' salaries or pensions or benefits or anything that affects them.

PEOPLE !THERE ARE NO CUTS !!!

Start by cutting salaries and benefits in Washington DC!

"Nations crumble from within when the citizenryasks of government those things whichthe citizenry might better provide for itself. ...[I] hope we have once again reminded people thatman is not free unless government is limited.There's a clear cause and effect here thatis as neat and predictable as a law of physics:As government expands, liberty contracts."RRpork, pork, and more pork.  where are the muslims now?

The best part of this whole article? Reading the comments that this is such a great deal because a majority of politicians said it was good for "us."

Just cut all federal employees pay by 3 percent, instead of giving them unpaid days off.Essentially the after tax equivalent of the cut the private sector took with the fica bump.

WHAT PART OF NO DON"T YOU UNDERSTAND...........................................................

I am so tired of politicians.  ALL OF THEM.  I just finished listening to a couple of GOP mouthpieces talk about the "new" GOP.  It seems that they are not going to change anything except the way they sell it to the people.  It is bad enough to purposely mislead us, but to tell us that is what they are going to do is doubly insulting.

People will be laid off.  People will actually lose their jobs and livlihoods.  Yet, Obama is still spending on green energy and other foolish, non-job producing endeavors.  This administration is wacked and it's getting wackier all the time.  Bunch of fools running the country and none of them have any idea of what they're doing!

I like how they get along to keep the government (and their paychecks) going but not to settle on a budget or how to grow jobs or how to keep social security or how to ...the list is too long.

Since they feel free to spend all of our hard earned cash, how about we get to spend theirs. The PEOPLE get a to tax the politicians 80% of their income.

"opposition from Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems"Better known as pork!

Talk about total BS grand standing, if this article isn't one of the most pathetic examples the liberal news media trying to cover for the Washington elite there never has been one. Both parties are in for a rude awakening next election cycle.There is no debt CRISIS.If there were a debt CRISIS, we wouldn't be in umpteen overt and covert wars.

The Republicans are blocking funds for the military. Is that what I just read? Isn't that what they say Democrats do? It's a whacky world.

"the 60-vote hurdle set by Republicans"?  This is the normal Senate procedure. "Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems"? Democrats were trying to load it up as well.  Another example of biased reporting.

From now on, when you are the last person to Board a Commercial airline, before it takes off, you will have to be outside the aircraft, with a Bull horn, telling the Pilot when it's safe to go, than run to the now moving stairs, jump on, and have the Flight attendants pull you onborad!

Meanwhile, Ryan picks his nose.

Our reps in the senate and congress are a joke!

love hoe people keep blaming the other partywhen this is all done we will be a shadow of what we use to beand then people will say "they dont do anything for us"neither party is working to fix our problemjust keep themselves in office

Each department builds in way more than 2% in their yearly budgets to make sure that cuts don't effect them in areas that really count.  It's called "Use it or Lose it".

Our government is a 3 ring circus with way too many clowns.  In the real world, like in private industry, when things get tough they do things like a hiring freeze meaning no new employees to replace vacant jobs, a pay freeze for all employees and reductions of employee benefits.  Employees are then told they are lucky to have a job and must work harder to get the same amount of work done so there will not be layoffs and the company can survive.  But like I said that is the real world, not the government pretend world where there is an endless amount of money to spend.

lay off 75% of the federal employees until the thieves in D.C. return the money they stole out of medicare and social security.They say "prevents a government shutdown" like it would be a bad thing.

@LaurieM, I guess that you are overlooking that the splintering and dysfunctional Republicans can not even compromise amongst themselves to compromise with the Democrats.  That is how it works, but the Republicans are in a love affair with Grover Norquist.  jmo

Why don't they just say "Pork Barrel" and be honest with us?

The same sorry tale that has been dicussed for weeks.We will cut spending, some day?Liars are liars always.Make nice noise about budgets and spending and then do not change a thing.Everyone must remember these phonies when it comes time for reelection.

Obama, lies, I will cut the national debt in half by the first year in office, I will close Gitmo, I will bring our troops home in a year, I will get you jobs and make America great again. I will bring jobs back from China. Instead Our debt increased five times, no jobs, Gitmo still open, he is as transparent as a brick wall, back room deals, no budget, don't want one, spend and taxed us to death, lies, lies, lies, wants your guns so he can do as he please behind your backs, pushing for a communist America, commie healthcare down our throats, our country in danger with this mad man at the wheel.

no corporate entitlements.

Spend, spend spend!

As he thinks..... I'm a Loser....I'm a Loser...I'm a Loser.... I Look Like A Lost Beagle...I'm a Loser...I'm a Loser...... Arghhhhhhhh..... I'm a Loser.......

The democrats budget balances the budget in.... well, NEVER.

Let's see if A) this bill is on the White House website for the 7 days Obama promised it would be on so the American public can see it as to show government transparency, and B) referring to "A" how much pork this bill has.We need for our leaders to get our house in order and we come first quit giving to those countries that hate us. Its time the over spending quits and we have JOBS for our People. It time that our leaders look out for America and get our country back on the right road and quit #$%$ footing around and  do what is right for the American People.

Whenever they utter the phrase "bipartisan" it means they're in disagreement, neither side wants to compromise, and the final product will be disappointing at best.

Don't buy these 10 year balance plans.  Future Congress' are not bound by the plans of this Congress.  Old plans are easily undone.

By pitting half the country against the other half and incurring unprecedented debt, President Obama will lead the United States toward the fundamental change and collective fairness he promised.

It just stinks that these people are in charge.  And yes they were voted in, but most of the time by default as oppossed to us really wanting them.  Originally senators were appointed btw.  No running for office.  No making promises to get elected. No caving in to represent the whole country, just focused on one state.  Wilson changed that and changed the role of the job to being big government.  I don't think I am explaining well, but that is the gist and may not even really tie onto this article other than I think the people in government no longer care about people....just special interest

I guess the president was right and the Republicans should of compromised.

Any guesses about how much pork they have managed to stuff into this?  Even for just the six months of spending that it covers?I heard that they have hidden some real gems in it - as in a get home free card for Monsanto which denies any of us from suing them for damages with regards to their GMO products.  I hope it isn't so, but you never know.

The sequester was great as long as it didn't effect your state.

It doesn't look good folks.

How many times do you have to tell a child "NO!!!" before yo slap the $&amp;!^ out of them...?There is only one reason why Obama is making life very hard for everyone, He wants to.

Shut the Fed government down. We've got state inspectors for our food. We must learn to get by without big government. It may be rough for a short while but it has to be done sooner rather than later. We cannot afford a Big Fed government. It is not sustainable.

All this struggling and hoopla over less than 3% of our total budget. As if that 3% is gonna kill us. Look , with all the wasteful stuff going on out there, surely someone can come up with $85 billion in cuts EASILY without shutting down vital things like air traffic control towers, which never should have been on the chopping block to begin with. This is total BS.

STOP FOREIGN AID.

The sweeping 587-page measure  also adds money sought by Democrats and Republicans alike for domestic programs. Pork Barrel Spending I might add.

"The sweeping 587-page measure"-----This is the problem...They need to use a legal pad and a pencil

Federal spending under the Obama administration has risen at the slowest rate since Eisenhower. Time to get revenue back up.

Added to the 600 billion in additional spending from the fiscal cliff deal,net spending cuts =ZERO."Ten Republicans, mostly members of the appropriations committee, joined with Democrats to send the measure over the 60-vote hurdle set by Republicans." This is a lie. This Hurdle was set by the Democrats when the lost the senate during the first term under BUSH. They could not accept they lost and threw a hissy tantrum. Now they do not like it and are saying the Republicans created it.

People aren't so dumb.  They know that the problems this country is facing starts with the coonskin in the white house and the Democrat-led Senate.

The Democrats don't want to balance the budget.  In a few years we will have to borrow money just to pay the interest on the debt, there will be nothing for defense or anything else.Quit complaining you elected these people.

This non-cooperation with Republicans by the Democrats in the Senate will only promote more gloom and doom and in that august chamber and more gridlock in Washington.

There is only one way to get a balanced budget.  Politicians have to stop their addiction of spending money that is not there's.

Some of the comments made on this site are totally ignorant. People rant and rave, but do nothing about it when it matters most. When it matters most is when a person votes. I wonder how many of the people complaining ever go vote. Blame politicians all you want, but the people of this country are the real problem. We have turned in to a nation of apathetic, spineless cry babies.

The government for the taxpayers is not working, so let it be shut down.  The chips may fall where they want. I am so done with the bull spending and programs for all the criminals. Maybe that would encourage freeloaders to exit the country and those with 8 to 10 illegitimate kids to stop having them.

These people are incredible. They are completely out of control. Stop the wasteful spending.

congress ... both dems &amp; pubs has a 10% approval rating .... yet we vote them back in 90% of the time each year!   maybe the voters are the problem!!!

The biggest problem this country has it that it has too many politicians.  Get rid of them and the budget will be balanced within the day.

GOP: its not waste when we do it.

If it gets past Harry Reid he must be Sleeping.So much for highschool level "critical thinking skils" or "objective reporting" ..Politics..gets its Nasty fingers in everything...

And what about the next POS Vacations ????

Where is the funding going to come from for the relief to some of these sequester cuts. It looks like there will be  no elimination of any of the numerous loop holes created for the Elites in the last thrity years for THIS year's budget, so these expenses will  fall on the shoulders of the ravaged middle class (yet again).I am talking to both parties, but particularly to the Republicans. Revolutions do happen, and they are not made in white golves.  The American People are a patient people, but even its patience has a limit..............

Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs.do the math people 60 million divided by 418 people is $143,540.67 a person.  barely make a dent?  I wish I had this paycheck.

EVERYONE WANTS..."THEIR" PIECE OF THE PIE....This article makes it very clear whywe are $16 billion + in debt. It's like having 10 wives and giving each one a credit card.

kicking the can down the road again!  we should instruct our future generation whose corps to whip!

What a mess and it all could have been avoided.  Oh btw, this dysfunctional government managed to find the money to give themselves an undeserved pay raise while they strip it's veterans of promised education assistance after 11 yrs of constant warfare.  Shame on them all. Shame on us for not tossing them all out.

In other words folks ,,,we screwed again and with no kiss to boot...!!

"Republicans believe the best way to assure prosperity is to generate more jobs. The Democrats believe in more welfare."RR

Another words- They want to eat your pudding! They have mind control ya know, resistance is futile.Cut the old folks SS and not cut aid to foriegn countries.  Cut medicare and give Egypt millions.  Kick the can down the road for one year.  To hell with air traffic control....don't fly.  Raise your own chickens for eggs and meat...inspect them yourself.   Americans are not helpless .  Do something for yourself.  And the Gov. can go to hell.

all i see is people on here saying social security and medicare,well screw both programs.how many people on here have taken a close look at what they spend money on?i have and i will tell you that i found 10 times the amount that they cut in wasteful useless spending.its a scam.

Big wheels rolling moving on.

What 2013 Budget?

Please, please, please america vote out anyone in congress who has been there more than 2-3 terms.   those lifers need to know we mean business and we are sick of them controlling us.   if they finally get that we are willing to fire them maybe they will start caring about americans and not the lobbiest!!!!

I want Ryan to give back the 200 million he took from the federal government to aid and revitalize his district.  It worked, by the way.  but since he is so cut happy, let him give it back. fat chance, the dirty little hypocrite.

Democrats pass a spending bill. That makes perfect sense when you stop and think about it.

GOP Chairman said his mother used to say, "It's not what you say, but how you say it".  They have said it about every way they can in last 2 elections, time to change the message.  It just ain't working!

Let's cut out the free congressional barbershop, loses 300K per year

People must vote out these politicians.wow....cloward piven theory...check it out

Nobody is going to get a 100% of what they want.  Let's just get it done.

Pelosi and Maxine Waters should team up and weigh in here, I hear they are both a whiz at math.

Washington's true problem is not spending, but spending priority.  The problem is not making cuts, it's the cuts that so many of these trolls are willing to make as long as they can shift the political responsibility to someone else. They are so controlled by corporate lobbying that they want to cut essential spending, jobs, and investment in economic growth all to save their masters, the special interest-- And it is bipartisan just look up the special interests in Obamacare.

It's only fair that rich repubs give to the poor, and animals are people too you know.

Just another step toward the end of our country.

Why is it that they will cut social security from Seniors who worked for it but they won't cut welfare 1 dime?  Instead they let these leaches have more kids and suck us dry faster!  Why do welfare recipients receive tax refunds?  Why does our government give benefits to illegal immigrants?  Why can't seniors living on social security get food stamps?  Because our sell out government prefers to pander to criminals!  The way to balance the budget is simple cut all spending increases for the next 20 years.  Use the excess to pay off the debt.  Cut out all the fraud in government programs which may trim the deficit just by itself.

I didn't see anything about reducing the $400,000,000,000 welfare costs for illegal aliens.

Politicians are so fast to cut "OUR" money's."THEY" are the ones that have put us in this mess, why don't "THEY" take the cuts.Cut the salary of Congress, Senate AND the President.  Make those looser criminals salaries closer to ours. That alone would help/Stop them from getting millions a year from special interests, lobbyists and such.You and I are being had by a bunch of crooked #$%$ lawyers.Nothing happens that they don't want to happen. ANY of them that say they have a plan to fix things is a bald face liar. None of them want to fix anything. We wouldn't have a high deficit if they hadn't wanted it. We wouldn't be in these wars, if they didn't want it.For them to sit there and play you telling you how "THEY" are fighting to fix it is just sickening. I bet not 3 people in the entire White House care abut helping you and me. It's all about big corporations and and drug cartels, and Muslim brother hood. etc. etc.

despite opposition from Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problemsEveryone wants to cut spending- except in their home state. You cannot have it both ways.They make everything sound like it's a catastrophic if they make the Government smaller.  From what I read, some of the stuff that goes on is catastrophic if we don't minimize spending and Government.

Using their leverage, Republicans have denied a White House request for almost $1 billion to help set up state health-care exchanges to implement Obama's health care reform as well as smaller requests for financial regulators to implement the 2010 Dodd-Frank law overhauling regulation of Wall Street and for the Internal Revenue Service to police tax returns. YES!!

They ALL say one thing and hide their real intentions on page 2000 of some bill (and hope you never find out about it).At least the TEA Party has been successful in getting rid of a few of the RINOs in the GOP. The libtards still keep the same tired, lame old geezers election cycle after election cycle.

Every one get your heads out of your backside!!!!!! It's not your money, give it away and we will make sure someone else replaces you at the next election!!!!!!

Never a mention about education. As long as there's money for killin', everyone is happy.

Obama and others obviously don't give a pipers hoot about our country and it makes me sick and should make others who love this country just as sick.  Obama thinks making pain for every or any one is so un-american.

Why were they cutting what needs to stay and not cutting what needs to go???  I'm tired of the insane spending the Democrats want just to satisfy their plantation votes.

hell dont worrie gop obama is great at printing extra cash

There is over $500 Billion in tax dollars wasted by government every year.  Get the damn job done and stop all the political droma.When Obama ran for his first term he promised to go over the budget line item by line item and cut the waste.He has not cut squat.  There has not even been a budget since he took office, which is a violation of the constitution.  In fact, he has increased spending $1 trillion tacpayer dollars, increased waste with all of his 'green' companies of which most have gone bankrupt, and increased debt by $6.7 Trillion.Obama has spent more time making his NCAA bracket picks than working on a budget.

L!b+@rds will do anything to avoid cuts in funds to welfare/unemployment recipients who never look for work, illegal immigrants, and their anchor babies.  Why these are the majority of their voters.The wall street bunch put us in this mess,now they are recording record profits but the Republicans say it's the middle class who had nothing to do with what happened must pay for it.

Why is federal spending still rising even as the wars in the Middle East are winding down? I thought that was supposed to save money? Are the democrats just spending that money on their chosen social programs now?

Please educate yourselves. Read and think about this. It's hard when it runs counter to preconceived notions. 1. During the Clinton years  the federal surpluses resulted from specific legislation enacted in 1990 and 1993 that virtually every Republican opposed. Taxes were increased and  budget controls were put in place that prevented taxes from being cut or spending increased unless offset by tax increases or spending cuts. These budget controls are commonly referred to as “paygo,” for pay-as-you-go. Result: Revenue rose to 20.6 percent of G.D.P. in fiscal year 2000, and spending fell to 18.2 percent. The surplus reached 2.4 percent of G.D.P. 2 Compare to Bush  large tax cuts almost annually were supposed to stimulate growth and lead to lower spending by “starving the beast.” Revenue fell more than 2 percent of G.D.P. by fiscal year 2007, which ended just before the recession began in December 2007. Spending rose to 19.6 percent of G.D.P. because of two unfunded wars, unchecked spending on earmarks by Republicans in Congress and creation of a new entitlement program, Medicare Part D. We went from a surplus of 2.4 percent of G.D.P. to a deficit of 1.2 percent.In 2002, Republicans got rid of paygo so that they could cut taxes and increase spending without constraint. So do Republicans really want to balance the budget?

16.6 Trillion in National debt and 9.5 Trillion in State &amp; Federal worker unfunded Pension liabilities. Congress should pass a law that all newborns must have an invoice attached to their birth certificate for their share of the national debt. In this case it would be nearly $80,000. By the end end of Obama's term it will be over $100,000. That is some fine "how do you do" . Denial is bliss.

Delay Delay Delay Stall stall stall republican agenda since 2008 stall the black guy until 2012 ... ..oops lost that one....now it's stall the black guy until 2016.....oops gonna lose that one also...............

The same hypocrites who say the government (them) spends to much are in opposition because " denied chances to offer money" oink oink - smell bacon here as usual - maybe if ONE of them actually spoke the truth it might start a movement to put the country first and not their stinking careers or party.

What do you gotta do to get one of them "special" badges from Yahoo?... I'm a regular kinda gay type, hippy type, pot smoking, communist liberal type, Republican democrat conservative old windbag... and I want one!.... Come on... gimme one....

cut social welfare first

26 CEOs received more in compensation than their companies paid in taxes, and that the four major tax loopholes contributing to excessive executive pay cost taxpayers about $14.4 billion a year, &amp; our politicans wonder why there is no money in washington.

This country is run by a low life Marxist moron Obama is much worse than a marxists he is a liar and tratior, who went to college on our dime, and now he wants to tear America apart. Impeach that fool.Sounds like these jerks are just trying to spend more of our money.When the shi$ hits the fan - all these jerks will deny they every spent a penny.

Roy Blunt, R-Mo said, " "That means high food prices and less work for the hardworking Americans who work in these facilities nationwide." . . . . . This proves how out-of-touch Washington is with the real America. There are very few hardworking Americans in poultry and meat plants. 90% of the workers are illegals.

demosheets fail yet again , they are quite good at failing

Do not overturn the sequester cuts. We need to cut now.

What a hypocrite Paul Ryan is and the rest of the House Republicans too. Their budget relies heavily on the same tax increases they claimed to oppose during the fiscal cliff crisis. The truth is Republicans know that they can’t decrease the deficit through cuts to social programs that help the poor alone. Since they lack the courage to increase taxes themselves, they pray nightly that Democrats will do it for them.

I'll believe and trust Ryan any day over Dirty Harry. Reid's crooked land deals and bribery tactics are infamous in Nevada. He is a true dirt ball. Good riddance to that POS in 2014

It's is okay with me that state pork gets cut out.

I remember GWB saying, "The Iraq war will pay for itself by the oil we get", and Cheney said "Deficits Don't Matter"? Republicans seem to forget about that.

Photo of numb nuts wondering where he last had his cell phone.

The only thing that is for certain is that the corporations will still be able to write off their golf trips, lavish parties, bar tabs etc.Typical GOP double speak- balance the budget by cutting government programs in some other guy's district.

Messy.  Very messy!

Never pass fully. How can any politician ever hope to get reelected ? It is not just Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems but also affects the WAM for Democrats.

Do you really think this goverment is for the people by the people. WAKE THE F UP people you are nothing to them. NWO

Balance the budget.

More of the same *(&amp;)^*#$, I am so sick and tired of it. We can't keep spending money we don't have...sooner or later it is going to hit

Eddie Munster is mad as Hell.

So the repubs who voted for this essentially allowed the sequester to proceed, then they voted to stop anything bad that might come of the sequester??? Very expedient of them.

Why aren't there ever any "looming cliffs" when it comes to Congress giving themselves a raise?

D, when will your Democrats come up with a "budget" or a "plan."  Your President won, didn't he?  Maybe now in year 5, it is time to lead?Cut the money to foreign countries who hate us anyway, and we can meet the budget cuts for the rest of this year!  Buys Congress time to screw things up for NEXT year!

Look at that picture of dopey.  I can just imaging what is going through his head: "The rich people don't have enough money, and the rest of the country has too much!  I have to figure out a way to even it out!".  What a tool...

Where is the end of the USA that Obama stated the sequester  would cause? After three weeks 99.99999999% of the US citizens have not notice any impacts.

So the republicans want to cut spending, but not in their district. Very sad.

Ryan in the pix above looks like he's about to cry.

Paul Ryan has it all figured out.  Being critical and destructive is far easier than being constructive and positive.

Congress can not live with 2.3% budget cut from a 7 or 8% automatic yearly budget increase? Wow, are we in deep do do.. They really think we are low-informed dummys. No one, not one department is getting a fiscal cut from last years outlay, only the rate of increase is reduced.Please, stop the lying.. on both sdes of the isle...   Too much to lose

As long as they don't cut off my food stamps, free phone and internet service.

ryan - hey obama do you understand arithmetic????obama -  i understand one thing CHOOMEY

Cuts first, last, always!  If the democRATs propose anything that doesn't start with huge spending cuts then the GOP should just take a #$%$ on it ans send it back."My friends, we live in the greatest nation in the history of the world. I hope you'll join with me, as we change it."-- Hussein ObamaImpeach Hussein Obama now!Your fair share is not in my wallet!What does the truth matter - Hitlery.Just wait, Mr./Ms. Politician... your time will come. You'll be put to the fire for all the suffering you have inflicted on your constituents.

And we the people will go down in history as the ones who let our government take it all away with out a fight.There is much talk of dislike as to what is going on,but no talk of  term limits voting them out every one of them.Its always some one else's problem,why should I stick my neck out there,or whats in it for me.Dam if we don't vote them out we are going to lose this country as we know it.

PORKKKKKKKK

Please read the last line of this article. The Democratic Party plan cuts $600 Million off the deficit in a decade. REALLY? That's pathetic, and probably over stated. We need cuts now, and we need budget balancing now before it's too late for our kids.

Amazing a 2% cut causes all these problems; Dumb government! When are we going to impeach president and replace congress. All we have to do is vote them all out!

"money sought by Democrats and Republicans alike for domestic programs" is code words for taking home the bacon

Selling out the people of America.

"opposition from Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems" .....so let's get this straight, they want cuts, except when it affects pork spending for their states.  most of their states want to seceed.  they were all ready to let our nation fail from sequestor, now they have their greedy little hands out.

Poor Eddie Munster looks tired and depressed...

Can anyone explain why Congress has not had a "Federal Budget" to vote on, in over 4 years, despite the fact that the Democrats control the Presidency and the Senate (where the Federal Budget originates)?Wait till 2014 taxes when 'free' Obamacare is not free. Wait till the debt is so bad, the check stop coming to seniors, welfare heads, and food stamp recipients. Wait till states that are beyond broke because they sold their political souls to Unions ask for more and more in taxes (see several California cities that have filed bankruptcy) and the Union pension checks stop coming... Kicking the can and whistling...

Dang, what a horrible picture of Ryan. It looks like he was just told by dad that he can't have the car for the night.

We need more of the sensible Reps like Rand Paul! Rand 2016!

So much for the debt and deficit shrinking any time before Star Date: 2537...........

First let's get them to submit a budget.  There hasn't been one in more than four years.  That's four years that they have been spending without telling us where the funds have gone.  Now they will submit a budget?  Maybe now we will get a glimpse of what they've been hiding over the last four years.  Just what have they been hiding over the last four years?I'll tell you what they have been hiding: extended spending without declared allocation.  In other words, there has been no accountability for the last four years.  I'll go out on a limb here and say that it was intentional.If Obama'a spending was legit, then he would have been happy to submit a budget.  Now, we are supposed to agree to the last four years of Obama spending without submitting a budget?I was born in the dark, but it wasn't last night.  Obama may carry the black vote, but he can't defend himself against his wasteful spending.  Some have called it "Generational theft" because it puts the onus of the debt he incurred upon our children.Call me racist all you want.  I know how to balance my household budget.  I defy Obama to conform his federal budget to the same terms that I have to live by.It's true that Obama is black.  It's also true that he spends waaaaay more than he should.Let's set race aside and make our elected officials accountable for their spending of our money.  Including Obama.

COOKIEJAR? Failure?  Bipartisan full-year funding bill is just another means of prolonging the agony of a shutdown until the sequester fails and is rescinded for down the road bankruptcy or inflation?  Why not now?  Shut the federal government down until they sort through cutting out the frivilious government spending?  Notice they said "home state problems ."  We wonder which politicans have their feet in the pork barrel now?

Isaid.....as long as Peter is being "robbed" to pay Paul, you will get no objection from Paul.

When was the last time a Democrat cried for a spending DECREASE??exactly

Send the politicians home, cut without pay! We Americans can take care of our own. Feed the lobbists to the lions and those on public assistance (welfare)... all able bodied folks who can work should! The young, disabled and aging should fear not, we will carry you.  The rest of you rank and file takers, get off your can and get to work. We have roads to fix, bridges to repair, neighborhoods to paint and rebuild, its time for a new deal! Staffed entirely from welfare and afdc recipients. Dont worry... the politicians who let you ride free of charge all these years will be right there... in the ditch with you! Next target... the media! Time for some real change and when that day comes, they will be singing a new song to try and avoid their fate. Budget control = Politician and Government control by the people! Let's get it done.

This so-called "budget" isn't good enough for me, but I wasn't asked, even though I sent several letters to my state reps to bring their attention to matters I cared about!Trust the RINOS to turn on the rest of us and go with the donkey heads~Time for another filibuster?See it all comes down to money, and services, and jobs for the American people.  How can a member of the House, or Senate vote NO on this, and expect to be re-elected?If you are not elected, you can't do squat.

If Paul Ryan is depressed, America is better off.

17 TRILLION and counting.......

our country is being looted and ransacked by obamma and his cronies.  it's as insane as the idiots that voted them in.

And they're kicking the can down the road yet AGAIN. Do any of you really still think there is any difference between the Republicans and the Democrats in office? Because from where I'm sitting, they all seem to be grandstanding on differences of opinion while they quietly advance the same America-wrecking agendas. Obama's private army just bought 2,700 tanks and 1.6 billion rounds of ammunition. QE infinity which is just a kind way of saying "Federal Reserve Bailout" has become a well-oiled machine that is quietly turning everyone's mortgage into the private property of the global bankers. Second, Fourth, and Tenth Ammendment rights are about to become the rumors of history.

how much taxpayer $$ is funneled to Israel every year?  Billions?  oh my.....

Why doesn't the article mention the fact that Paul Ryan's plan keeps Social Security and Medicare solvent and will balance the budget, while Democrats are trying to kill both programs and create endless deficits?

SAVE MONEY.  Pay congress Min. Wage - Cut their health Ins,

If the government would cut out all unnecessary spending we wouldn't have a spending  problem!

Turkey still receives billions of US$ tax payers money and then Turkey just today awards Airbus, a British company,  $13.4 billion contract for new aircraft!  Why should we send them money?this will not be passed in the house...stupid

Ten years is a long time to wait for a balanced budget. And that's the Republican plan.

It is about time to take every one  of these politicians and have a big tar and Feather party and send them on their way. They have No right to keep stealing Our money. Disgusting POS  jerks.

"The measure gives the Pentagon much-sought money for military readiness but also adds money sought by Democrats and Republicans alike for domestic programs."U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Section 8 - ONLY 13 ENUMERATED POWERS FOR THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AND THEY DON'T INCLUDE A FREAKING "DOMESTIC AGENDA"!!!!  Read your Constitution, Congress!!!!  The power to fund a domestic agenda is retained by the states.  10th Amendment, people.  The military IS included in the enumerated powers so they SHOULD receive federal funding.

Too bad the democrats never came up with an actual budget.

A blind man could see we are headed for financial failure with Obama's foot on the gas pedal. If anyone trust the LIES that spout from the mouth of Obama they are crazy. Impeach Obama now.

Do not oveerturn the sequestration cuts.Sequestration is a small cut to a government increase- there should be no pain.i POINT DIRECTLY AT OBAMA FOR AND HARDSHIPS- severeal memos have been leaked telling  agencies to make the American Public suffer.  This is the doing of our leader !What kind of  creature has been elected ?.............and the Dems that put him in power walk around crying about how Reps are heartless. ...It's time to wake up America- - -  call and write the White House.Where is his budget.............?

Everybody wants everyone else's stuff cut, but not their stuff?

600 billion in cuts over ten years versus 1.5 trillion added every year for the next ten years.  The whole bunch are crooks and will go down in history as the biggest thieves of America's future and it is all by design by the man in the White House.  Hopefully, future leaders will have the integrity and courage the current politicians lack.

Privatization is the new Republican capitalism.What do you think Paul and Kermit talk about during their late night fireside chats?

Would someone please tell me what his Lordship Obama has done for this country?

Both sides are in pork protection mode.

We are in trouble people. this government has screwed us royally and they don't even blink. They are now taking money from other places instead of taking it from where it should be taken, useless wars! It really shocks you when you think about it, they let the across the board spending cuts happen and now they need to pay for it and how do they do that? By taking away from agenices and programs that actually are important to Americans, but again they don't care about the American people. We are in trouble people!

Obama has likely succeeded at putting the Republic on an irreversible course of total disintegration. Remarkably he is still diligently seeking ways to hasten America’s destruction. Seemingly just for the fun of it.

Liberals know...their goose is cooked in 2014.

I have a better idea,why don't we the country vote all these bums out of office,and elect some good old hard working people.

Filibustered again. This time they worked together for the American People.

despite opposition from Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems like looming closures of air traffic control towers.= pork spending

In all my own personal redrick, I do agree CUTS need to be made. But first start outside our own borders playing world cop. Ten years of war on 2 fronts COST bucks and damaged lives to vets that will be paid for in supporting our troops and vets. If Congress wants a smaller military, then do it, but responsibly. You don't cut tuition assistance, threaten the pay, healthcare, retirees, widows, family members, Reservists, disabled veterans,LEGAL Social Security retired, or sequester the entire work force including American contractors, many of whom I know personally and they have all served this great nation, to shore up the debt. New motto for this guy: Its the Constituion Stupid.once again the american people get the shaft. everyone of these #$%$ liers should be kick out on their asz. all we get is more double talk 10 minute answers to 10 second questions all designed to dazzel us dummies. they all need to be bagged up with a couple of rocks and dropped into the ocean just like a bag of unwanted cats.

There are no cuts only reduced increases.

What a mess, fueled by self interest on the part of politicians.  A plague upon both parties.

The can that they keep saying not to kick down the road, became a barrel and is taking on the shape of a rail car tanker.  Each kick gives you more of a sore foot and it does not move very far.

when did governmnent start paying for air traffic control towers?

The government is BROKE. Printing more money is the equivalent of writing bad checks - and that's exactly what they are doing... voting to write more bad checks.

It's time to stop our elected officials from increasing their net worth (beyond their salary) while in office - it's only fair!

the only thing this government has done is to stop me from ever voting again. i have in the last 4 elections and nothing ever changes only gets worse. n in 2 yrs they will all start up campaigns again and all we will hear for 2 yrs is how bad the other side is. enough. i'm done. i wont have the right to #$%$ about anything as i am done voting but i will accept that.

The DC shell game continues in full force.

#$%$ bunch of douchebagsThe republicans lied to us again theire is no  debth  crises  at this moment finaly boehner came out  on the tv news and  agreed with obama saying for all to hear  we have at this time no debt crisies,  wow  amazing how for so long those tea party folks telling us like paul ryan  and paul rand and other republicans had made that a  emergency issue and all the time we realy had none  not at this time anyway  the truth came out under boehner at last.

It's always the same...what's 'pork' to the other guy is 'necessary federal expenditures' if they happen to be in your district.

"pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs."So all 416 of those contractors average more than 143,000 a year? Thats the problem right there then.

If you really want to save a lot of money then keep air force one on the ground. It's that plain and simple.

We are doomed.  These people just can't spend enough.  I wonder if it is their fault or our fault?  Will they lose elections if they don't spend us into oblivion?  Who came first, the irresponsible politician or the irresponsible voter?

Another "kick the can" down the road temporary "solution" without either party addressing the issues of debt or entitlements! More BS.............

The whitehouse muslim terrorist boon and the democrats plan is to collapse our country

And yet there is still no budget.  What a fantasy land these ------- get to function in.

So tired of reading the words "Republican" and "Opposition" in the same sentence...

Even when they finally cut something...........they turn around and uncut it.  All these people know how to do is spend (which in politics is equal to "buy votes").If a measley 2.4% causes this much trouble, then we are doomed.  We will never reach a balanced budget....thanks to these idiots...both parties.

This bill is #$%$. Instead of 5% cuts, enact 10% cuts. And streamline and tighten up what remains. I also notice where the government will lay off civilian employees. Why not government employees. Just more games in Washington.

#$%$ the politician's!!!

Democrats = decisions made based on politics, not on economics.

There like 3-4 planes crashed in the news lately, wonder does it have to do with this article or it just the way the media manipulate to make Obama look good since he been yelling "The plane is falling, the plane is falling.".

The republican plan balances the budget within ten years.  The democrat  one does not. Which would you personally vote for? Which had the best future for the USA?

The big spending Dems will never listen.  Damn them all.

Democrats must have skipped math, because that is what their budget looks like, we will be Greece soon

We do need to cut the waste...and Lord knows there is plenty to cut......but the GOP is going about this whole thing in the wrong way.To start...cut some of the corporate welfare before you touch Grandma's Social Security

JOBS!Hey Warren...47 percent is still twice that of Bush's when he left office. Come up with a brilliant retort for us Tea Bag.

You can always tell a liberal but you can't tell them much. They just don't get it

Mr. Ryan has to get his act together and stop opposing nearly everything that comes from the Whitehouse and the Senate, He says there has been no budgets proposed, The real truth is that there have been proposals he has never entertained them or sent them to the House floor.

WE ARE THE PARTY OF Sarah Palin, Sharon Angle, Christine O'Donnell, Rick Perry, Herman Cain, T. Nelson, Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum, Ted Nugent, Donald Trump, Alan West, Jan Brewer, Ann Coulter, Michelle Bachmann, Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Bill O’Reilly, George Bush, Grover Norquist, Mitt Romney, Glenn Beck, The Koch Bros., DickCheney, Paul Ryan, Larry Craig, Mitch O'Connell, John Boehner, Karl Rove, Eric Cantor last but not least FOX NEWS and Joe the Plumber!GOP - We only attract the best and the brightest.

When is congress and the president going to cut their own benefits?   Let do that, so the people can have the White House back!

Bullschitt. The only differences between the dems plan and the repubs plan is where the money will be wasted, and WHO will be lining politicians' pockets. They're ALL crooked and on the take. You know it, I know it, EVERYBODY knows it.

We pay out 100s of millions of unemployment to Felons in prison - but we have to not inspect meat for two weeks ?

Catchall?  That is the only type of budget that Obama and the Leftist have ever had.

The question every person in this country needs to ask themselves is (aside from why do we keep putting these clowns in positions of authority and grant them immunity from the laws they create): Do you want the economy to be state-regulated, or not? If you want state regulation (very close to Socialism), then get support for it. If you want the economy to be closer to capitalism, with minimal interferrence from the state, then get support for it. But so long as the state (fed) is only half-regulating/half-not, then the economy will continue to be questionable. Pick one, or let someone else pick for you, but stop keeping the status quo. Just understand the implications of which way you move (in other words, do your own research, or don't complain when you don't like what you let someone else decide for you).

Here we go again kicking the problem down the road. These people have no clue how tofix anything. What will they do after the Sept. fiscal year budget is up? pass the problemalong for another 6 months? Let's vote these people out of office. Incompatence at it's best.The Communist DemocRATS are determined to destroy America and her freedoms. Ryans plan is well thought out and a great way to dig our way out of this mess that Obama and the DemocRATS have gotten us into.

Its time to DEMAND all our congress persons vote to stop ALL money to foreign countries. If thats not in your bs stump speach you dont get elected.

PSSSST...Hey Harry, the Senate still hasn't passed a budget in how many years?? Why are these people afraid that doing their jobs will lead to them losing their jobs?? Man our system has become screwed up.

the us should stop playing world cop

Sheep Dog , Your facts are sooo wrong ! To get a pension in the house or senate you have to serve 5 years , and the longer you serve the higher your pension gets . It's easy to look up !! But you do make a good point , we need to stop career politicians . AACP stands for Americans against Career Politicians . Congress won't stop it so we need to show congress who is in charge of this country . 2014 lets all stand together and get rid of career politicians . Replace a DEM with DEM a and replace a REP with a REP . But anyone who has served 8 years or more need to be fired ! We need them to work for us not for re-election . And this will take the power away from the lobbyist who pulls the strings that control our government .

Well... if it passes the House Democrats will be happy because I won't vote for a Republican again.

Every reader knows that there is no much waste and fraud that you could double the amount cut and no one would notice.   We all have suggestions of where to cut....Obama is intentionally inflicting the cuts to devestate ...Don't let him use us for his perverted agends.  What other president has ever ordered such a thing ?  None.   He is one of a kind............. and we need to realize he DOES NOT CARE ABOUT US.  not the veterans, not the seniors, not the federal workers and certainly not the taxpayers.....

Ryan is another career politician that needs voted out!

When will we learn to elect adults to positions of power within our government?

Harry Reid's #1 priority is a suite at the Bellagio in Vegas :)I guess this is good news.  But I think trouble lies ahead.  Those who have worked so hard opposing everything President Obama has proposed have to realize that if they ever attain power, they will have to expect the same treatment they have dished out. Younger people perhaps can take this grid-lock business better than an old fart like myself. I remember things like Democrats not wanting to impeach Reagan for something as horrible as the Iran-Contra Scandal, while later Bill Clinton was impeached for perjury that only existed because of the Kenneth Starr witchhunt to get Clinton on anything they could dig up on Clinton.  After the disputed election of 2000, the dumb war in Iraq based upon lies and mistakes, the opposition to Obama, some sincere but some strange (birther ship----"ship happens"), the Tea Party craziness and ignorance, the great work done by all the radio-tv blowhards bent on dividing this nation------After all of this stuff and more, I wonder what our chances are of becoming, once again, the United States of America?  During the Cold War, the way some speak of our President would have been considered subversive.  We knew then that there were threats that required our being united.  Today, we have so many fools who act as if there are no longer reasons to be united.  So the blowhards divide us and make fortunes.  One idiot even resigned from being governor of a state because division was so much more lucrative regardless of a lack of intelligence and knowledge.    Ol Hank

I have lost all hope with this government leadership. You do nothing to fix the economy.Millions homeless, yet you do nothing - give yourself a bonus and a raise - How f---n hell do you sleep at night, MY GOVERNMENT HAS TURNED ITS BACK ON ITS POPULATION.

Republicans are no better than democrats for the most part, there are only a handful of people in congress with the courage to do what needs to be done and they are called "wackos"!

I had a dream - that Americans were free, and compensated by their abilities and effort.

With people like the election loser idiot, over-rgown adolscent Ryan still representing the Republican Party, we Democrats have nothing to lose and everything to gain in 2014 !

Dont you screaming and crying repukes worry your pointy little heads. Obama is fixing the Bush Great Reccession ASAP....hmmmm should be booming quite nicely by the time Hillary gets elected in 2016. Chump Losers.  haha

Democrats want endless deficits.

When our economy collapses do we get to attack the idiots who voted Obama in?

The DEMOKKKRAT/RINO Socialist Utopia is about to collapse. Liberal fiends of mine are whining and crying about Obama's 2% Payroll Tax costing them money for the past three months now.......I just keep reminding them to pay their fair share for their dictator.

I love all the blame on Obama for sequester from the Republicans! Lyin Ryan has been calling for sequesters since 2004, now he has thema and he blames Obama! Also there were a great number of Republicans who voted for the sequester because they didn't even know what it meant! The Repukes talk about low information voters how about low info REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMEN! Now that is just to fuqing funny! {and if you don't believe it google whose brainchild was sequester}?Can't help but to wonder what sort of pork is buried in that 587 page bill.  I will bet a week's pay that few legislators read it, and have no real idea what it covers.  I’ll also bet that if you and I just said we agreed to pay for whatever was in a large document presented to us with only a cursory review at best, we’d be in the same boat as the US government, lots of pork, on a tab we can’t afford. Come on folks, it isn’t that difficult!

If Dingy Harry even votes on it I will be surprised been since April 2009 since we had a budget due to Reid

RAND / RYAN 1826

How mad are you that this all could have been avoided?

Republicans should stand their ground in the Senate and fight passage in the House! This president will not be happy until this country spins into a dive from which it cannot recover! We have to fight for the good of this country! We have to limit spending to what we can actually afford, even if it means closing down some government operations. Even if it means pain to some of our citizens! Can't anyone with a high-school education understand that none of us can spend beyond what we can earn or borrow what we can't repay?

I'll bet theres enough pork in the bill to give you high cholesterol

When we want to give tax breaks to the ultra wealthy and take away benefits for the poor... something is really wrong with our country...

Anyone else think that ryan is thinking "They threw me to the wolves, there goes 2016"

No president and Senate has done more to diminish the middle class more than Obama and the Senate Democrats.The super-rich have grown far richer and poverty classes far poorer under Obama than at any other time in modern history.

Another $TRILLION will be added to the National Debt so America can keep the illusion of being a first World country a little longer.Is Paul Ryan picking his nose in the picture that accompanies this article?

" Enjoy the Decline ! "

Favren Communist Demo-rats..

the democrats are helping obama ruin america.i am keeping track and when its time to vote lets throw then out .more spending and more debt.throw that ever loving hipocrit john b.out to.he sides with obama to much.

And be sure to keep that welfare machine rollin'!

Its way too bad that this 'Catchall spending bill' can't go back in time and catch all that $$ that was blown on the two Bush wars or catch some funds for regulating the financial industry prior to 2008.

**I guess this is good news. But I think trouble lies ahead. Those who have worked so hard opposing everything President Obama has proposed have to realize that if they ever attain power, they will have to expect the same treatment they have dished out. Younger people perhaps can take this grid-lock business better than an old fart like myself. I remember things like Democrats not wanting to impeach Reagan for something as horrible as the Iran-Contra Scandal, while later Bill Clinton was impeached for perjury that only existed because of the Kenneth Starr witchhunt to get Clinton on anything they could dig up on Clinton. After the disputed election of 2000, the dumb war in Iraq based upon lies and mistakes, the opposition to Obama, some sincere but some strange (birther ship----"ship happens"), the Tea Party craziness and ignorance, the great work done by all the radio-tv blowhards bent on dividing this nation------After all of this stuff and more, I wonder what our chances are of becoming, once again, the United States of America? During the Cold War, the way some speak of our President would have been considered subversive. We knew then that there were threats that required our being united. Today, we have so many fools who act as if there are no longer reasons to be united. So the blowhards divide us and make fortunes. One idiot even resigned from being governor of a state because division was so much more lucrative regardless of a lack of intelligence and knowledge. Ol Hank**nice spin Hank, but we're not buying it. Bill Clinton was impeached for perjury that only existed because of the Kenneth Starr witchhunt ?? WHAT?? Clinton lied Hank, and you know it. and don't even say they all lie. just because all the guys in front of you lied, then you lied, it still means you were all wrong. Clinton got caught, lied, appointed Starr to get to the bottom of it, Starr did his job costing us taxpayers millions in the process, and in the end Clinton admitted he lied all along, yet blamed it all on the man he appointed to get to the truth to begin with. you don't see a problem with this Hank? HELLO??that's the trouble with you liberals. even when you do get caught with your pants down (kinda like Clinton did, in this case), and even more so on the rarity of you actually admitting fault, you still try and blame someone else for your own actions. this type of slight of hands crappolla might work with your kind, where illusion is reality, but it doesn't work with people who know and live in reality. your outhouse philosophy only makes you more foolish Hank.

His budget plans are great, if you are the lucky 1% or the huge corporations enjoying all the tax free loopholes!   This guy is a Vampire sucking the blood out of the middle class!

Even the Dems admitted that Paul Ryan was the "smartest guy in the room". Maybe its time the Dems and Obama started listening to him. The presidents way sure hasn't worked.

Charles Payne: "More taxes won't help. You give the government $1 trillion, they spend $2 Trillion. That's like giving a crack addict more crack in hopes it will cure his habit"Can the Associated Progressive and their band of foam at the mouth numbskulls provide any better laughter than this:A bipartisan full-year funding bill took a big step forward in the Senate on Monday, despite opposition from Republicans.SOOOOOOOOOO let's bring this down for the nitwit progressives1) It's 'Bi-Partisian'2) It's advancing despite 'Republican' oppositionSo which is it libxturds?  Is it 'bipartisian' or is it not?Are you progressives really that dumbed down mentally that you think people miss the OBVIOUS ignorance of your propaganda?  You are an insult to our intelligence.

I know many are tempted to line up behind President Obama or line up behind Paul Ryan or one these many national names, but the simple fact is what plagues Washington is the names of the people we don't know. The leaders in the oil industry, banking industry, wallstreet, agribusiness, defense contractors and the like who truly control the legislative details in all these bills.  Everything else is simply a puppet show, to keep us distracted with one another.

This is all typical pork barrel spending to keep these politicians in office.

Foreign aid cuts foremost, then send this excuse ridden government home for 3 months without spending our money and see how much we save then. There are no longer sheep in wolves clothing, they are all wolves. Country is getting eaten alive by our own, friggin' cannibals.

Spend spend spend. #$%$ grandkids all for getting elected again. They are all slim.

How about simply a yearly surplus? These 10-year plans are a joke!!!... And how about a unilateral 10% cut to all foreign aid or tie congressional pay to performances?

"Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors"   I thought the Repubs said sequester wouldn't be any big deal.  Not until it starts affecting their defense contract buddies. Didn't see that coming.

Well, If anyone is ready to take it to the streets lets do it its never to late to start a new government. We would be better off. Anyone ready I have been for 4 yrs. This piece of #$%$ Imposter and Thief is stilling and selling our resources so he can keep this spending going . Hey Cowards Anyone Ready To Get These Commies Out And Take Our Country Back.

They all spend money like a drug addict takes drugs. They just can't quit, because they don't want to quit.   And now they are in so deep, the withdrawals will kill them,.. politically

. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs........418 jobs, and $60 MILLION would barely make a dent, Houston, we have a problem.one manufactured crisis to the next. Don't you fee like a mouse in a maze? look on youtube and look up how Lenin transformed Russia into a communist dictatorship and your see chilling similarities to the policies of the US officials of the last three presidencies.. Crisis, then give up your freedom, pay more for government services, or pay the same taxes but get less services. Meanwhile, lobbiest "influenced" officials spend our local, state and federal governments into debt for projects that people don't want, or don't need and wage war that further drains the economy. Then declare, "we're broke and have to cut wages, pensions, benefits for government  workers, health coverage for poor and Seniors, and Social Security.This will only end when average people, not greedy lawyers, run for office and serve average folks and tell the lobbiests to take a hike!

cuts in foreign aid are a must , it's just getting ripped off anyway

preventing furloughs at rural airports ???yea  god forbid one of those senators has to fly home to one of those rural airports with understaffed and overworked sleepy air traffic controllers talking the pilot down to the ground.  you just know those politicians only worry about their own skin.

"A bipartisan full-year funding bill took a big step forward in the Senate on Monday, despite opposition from Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems ..."That's because they did not want to take PORK!only would yahoo spin pork spending as okay.

These politicians couldn't find their a sses with both hands.

The whole purpose of the sequester was to put lawmakers in a position where they would be forced to compromise because the cuts would be so terrible.  Both parties have found a way to bipass that showdown and drag the mess on.

These ignorant politicians don't care about us. They care about staying in office and helping themselves. They have done nothing to stop the bleeding of OUR ,money. Anyone voting to fund this bloated government should be drawn and quartered. They are not Americans, they are TRAITORS to this great country and ALL of its citizens.

I dont get the article. it is more writing of laws than acting upon them. Cut congress' pay into half and put them on food stump for a while.

So now is the time we bend over!!! Grab your heels dig in you spurs and wink!!!

"While top Senate leaders like No. 1 Democrat Harry Reid of Nevada focused on the big picture — preventing a government shutdown..." The big picture for every politician is keeping their job. everything else is trivial to themPoliticians, the only ones who can grant themselves pay raises, looking out for the big donors, to hell with the middle class, elderly, disabled and impoverished in this country.  If you want to see some welfare check out the farm subsidies paid in your area, you will be amazed and never criticize a food stamp program again.

Dublin, if you are so concerned about fiscal responsibility, why don't you let us all know how you feel about the fact that your president has not even had a budget in 4 years, and has run the last 4 years with $1.5 Trillion Dollar deficits?  Do you support this?  Do you support that the National debt was $10 Trillion when Obama took office, and now it is approaching $17 Trillion?  Please explain......

No Ryan   does not know how  to address the issue .  You see by letting  the Sequester happen . The cuts in spending were automatic .  They must now start from the beginning.  Any spending added to the Bill like Military awareness that the Republican want in the Bill will be extra spending on their behalf .  If they require more cut it will be on the working class . Like teachers and firemen and police officers , air traffic controls .  What Obama is doing is forcing them to maintain the necessary spending and force them to make a necessary cuts and make a decision . However any entailment added would be spending on the Republican  behalf .  So , Who spending now ?  Either way , Obama has them right were he wants them . They maintain the Nessa spending for government to operate or they become the bad guys .  If that wish to reinstate the entitlement then they are the spenders . Not Obama .  A good lawyer I tool you so . .

Each dept is built to grow by 10% a fiscal year. If the dept is budgeted $100 dollars and the spend only $75. They still get $110 the next year. The sequester means the depts will only get 4% or $104 the next yr. This is all BS to punish us for not going along with his original plan

Thought Obama said there wouldn't be a middle-class tax increase.Look at the FICA tax on your current paycheck, as opposed to your check at the end of 2012.#$%$ liar!

At this rate the Red states will turn a dark Blue in 2014..................

All this political budget stuff is making me sick.  The Feds are in the hole so far it will take them years to get back to living within our means.   California is in the hole likewise.   Yet they are determined to build a stupid hi-speed rail in southern Cal that nobody wants and that will be useless.  California can't even keep it's highways repaired or do any of the rest of their maintenance.   The Feds are giving our money, tanks, and aircraft to our enemies and we're supposed to think well of our elected officials?   Obama and Brown remind me more of a couple of zookeepers than anything else.

It's amazing how much the media is on the lefts side, including this clown Andrew Taylor. Read between the not so subtle lines.

16.5 Trillion in Debt. No Fed. Budget in 4 + years. Q.E. 3 floating an over bloated Stock Market.A Mussie Socialist that Gives his Terrorist Muslim Brothers American tax dollars and Grade A weapons platforms. The Obama caused Depression that is soon to come,will make the depression of the 30's look l like a warm rainy Spring afternoon.

Whopeeee! More fake money spent on things we cannot afford. Good job, America.ryans just mad he didnt get the chance to steal any money.

the republicons want to the 1% to rule over the the 99%...............it is their entire platform

Obama and Bernanke are not worried my friends; they are just printing, printing and printing.

Palin,Ryan, Jed and maybe the Fox CEO are all running for President,,,can the GOP get any sicker,,,Oh I forgot the new NRA leader the B**ch Palin she has two jobs,,,,they will lose all election with a sick line up like this,,,,sick P***cks and Sl**s,,now does this even the score no just open the door..,

why couldnt they make this cut .stop giving money to Hollywood, Railroads, Rum Producers,NFL,NASCAR electric motorcycle AND ANY OTHER RICH COMPANYS OF ENTERTAINMENT .THEY MAKE SO MUCH MONEY OFF PEOPLE TO WHERE YOU CAN NOT EVEN TAKE OUR FAMILY TO A MOVIE OR A GAME THAT COST 100.TO 200 BEFOR THEY GET IN THE DOOR.im sorry I forgot these are Obama's rich buddies just like the union bosses are.

A government shutdown would be great!  Unfortunately, it will never happen...... even when it does "shutdown" almost all of it is deemed critical so not much changes.We need dramatic cuts to spending and taxation.  This very small cut that just happened is nothing............ literally nothing the grand scheme of things.It's pathetic how our elected leaders choose to "lead" and how our corrupt media covers it.We need to stop elected the same idiots.  We need to elect people like our Founding Fathers, people with character that understand maximum individual freedom and economic liberty and limited government are the keys to strength and prosperity.

Harry reid will not let a bill off of his desk for a vote if a Republican wrote it. There are dozens and dozens of bills harry reid will not let go to vote and reid and obama continue to play blame the republicansfor this mess game. obama and democrats are the problem. If only liberals would make obama keep his word like cutting the debt in half and being transparent.. Oh benghanzi and transparency are not used by obama.Balanced budget is also not allowed by obama even though he called bush unpatriotic for increasing the debt by 4 trillion in 8 years while mr cut the debt in half liar obama added over 6 trillion in 4 years.

When I read some of the comments here it makes me think perhaps some of you just woke up from a really long nap.  Our government has been running like this for over 100 years and only now you suddenly are aware of it?  You see it all comes down to whose pocket is going to take the biggest hit.  When it's your state, your city or your district being affected by cuts suddenly the word compromise is not such a bad thing.   Every state relys on funding from Washington.  Term limits won't change that and neither will electing someone else.  The way it's been done is the way it will stay until every state stops taking money from Washington.

In terms of either inflation adjusted dollars OR as a % of GDP, we're spending LESS in 2013 than we did in 2009!!!!In 2009 federal spending was $3,173.4 (adjusted to 2005 dollars) and 25.2% of GDP.In 2013 it is projected to be $3,157.4 (2005 dollars) and 23.3%.In 2009, the deficit was $1.4 trillion/10.1% of GDP.In 2013 it’s projected to be $845 billion/5.3%. Those are decreases of 39.6% and 47.5%, respectively. Not quite the 50% reduction that the President promised in 2009, but pretty darn close!In the last three years, the federal govt has taken in total revenues equal to 15.1% of GDP (2010), 15.4% of GDP (2011) and 15.8% of GDP (2012). Those are the three lowest levels of federal revenues since 1950 (and an average of 2.6 points below the post WWII average of 18.1% of GDP).Since 1950, the six years with the lowest federal revenues (as a % of GDP) have ALL happened in the last ten years, and we took in LESS in federal revenues in 2010, 2011 AND 2012 (in terms of inflation adjusted dollars and as a % of GDP) than we did in 1999, 2000, OR 2001.And yet Republicans continue to scream about us ONLY having a "spending problem" ...

at least there doing something !Without this funding, every meat, poultry, and egg processing facility in the country would be forced to shut down for up to two weeks," Blunt said in a statement. "That means high food prices and less work for the hardworking Americans who work in these facilities nationwide.----------------------------Meat and chicken industry are where most illegal aliens are hired. Nice of Congress to keep them on the job. You don't want to pay $10 for a chicken burger or do you?

Shut the government down - they are a bunch of idiots, who waste our hard earned money.

Why do you stick loser paul ryan's picture to head this article?

How does this make sense? Raise taxes another Trillion dollars after you raised them 600 Billion and that would only bring down the deficit by 600 Billion. So their "balanced" approach is to increase taxes and increase spending. Does anyone think that bring the deficit down 60 Billion a year is the right path when we have been running Trillion Dollar deficits each year?

The funniest line in the article........"While top Senate leaders like No. 1 Democrat Harry Reid of Nevada focused on the big picture"   The last thing that Ole Harry......who is nothing but a career ineptocrat, and a mousey little turd, to boot......is focused on, is the big picture.  This is the weenie who once whined about having to work thru his pomegranite tree bloom.......and also about a possible lack of federal funding for a northern Nevada cowboy poetry festival.

I is so SIMPLE, cut fraud and waste not funds for real needs. Cut the Greed governing our government leaders with there lush expenses, vacations, meals etc. and make them pay for such themselves.

these bozos (both parties) are spend crazy.....Ryan has put together a plan..but not good enough...the left just wants to increase taxes and revenues but not address spending...both parties are irresponsible...eiliminate the following: Education Dept, Energy Dept, Homeland Security (TSA especially), Housing and Urban Development, get Congress out of the Post Office and let them do what they need to do to at least break even, cut the EPA budget in half, use the study from a couple of years ago and eliminate the mutluiple agencies performing the same functions, no more "gifts" to foreighn nations that hate us, boot the United Nations out....they hate us but love our $$$....cut all other federal spending across the board by 10%..no exceptions...BOOM!!!!!!   Balanced Budget...

600 billion over 10 years really. That would take us over 90 years if there is no new debt added. What kind of BS ts that. We need new leadership bad.

"Mad Stories in Paul Ryan's World" by Henry A Giroux is an eye opener.

If you earn $50-60,000 you get a tax break of $666 according to Ryan's proposed tax bill. If you earn $500,000 - 1,000,000, your break is $52,184. If your income is over $1 Million, your tax break will be $404,505. Now why does the GOP suppose they keep loosing elections?GOP plan close down government by choking off revenues is in full go mode.

So what has the Republican party accomplished the last 12 years?Nothing!

"despite opposition from Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems" The Republicans want federal tax money for 'home state' problems? This is why 8 of the top 10 'taker states' are red states? And they call the Libtards commies? LMFAO

a bill passed the Senate??oh wow

I have to ask: What is Up with the Gold Metal (with Ink Pen) badge that some have and most do not? Are you on the Yahoo payroll? Do you get bonuses for correct punctuation? Can one of you give the rest of us an explaination for this seemingly rediculous "Merit Tag?"

Paul Ryan's bill is dead on arrival. It numbers are arrived at by ending Obamacare, but keeping the savings made by Obamacare -- what a picture of logic!!!  He wants to turn Medicare into a voucher starting with people who are in their 50s and raise the retirement age to 67 which is not proven by any metric. He's a troll pure and simple.

obamantion still pointing his finger and the left wing nuts are buying in to his bs when will this dictaitor stand and lead and not blaME THE other side i believe never as long as people believe in his lies he will never stop just like the four americans he let die he is letting this country die well you people voted this traitor in now you get what you voted fore the biggest lier ever even bigger than jhon kerry

When is stupidity a legitimate defense against prosecution?  Witness Barney Frank, Corzine, and an endless list of above the law self-serving wealth grabbers..

When will the Democrats realize hatred and racism won't carry their party forever, and that they can't divert every resource to their own voters?Sooner rather than later, they will have to stop being the Party of No to America's future.

The Republicans are getting the wind taken out of their sails with each passing day.Finally!  Ten GOP Senators show signs of normalization!  THAT is why we may get a budget out of the Senate for the first time in 4 years.  Republicans want to throw that little fact in everyone's face when we start talking "budgets" without mentioning the filibustering that went on to keep a vote from happening.The second thing they want to say is we have a "spending" problem, without recognizing that tax breaks for corporations and the rich are a form of "spending"!!!  Subsidizing Oil companies is a form of "spending"....  Take all those away and then come back....  I'm sure we can find some more "spending" we can get rid of!

Look at the picture that starts this story...Ryan is thinking to himself...."It's no use, why try to reason with these buffoons....I'll resign from the job, sell everything and turn it into cash, send it to a numbered account, out of the Country, take a long Vacation, come back when the crash has settled down, and the smoke has Cleared...run for president, and we can all start over!"

Republicans would steal food from the starving for "military readiness".

Spending and Senate - two words that go hand in hand.

yes cut medicare costs, and what do they plan to do, on what I get from social security, I won't have enough left to pay for all my medical costs.. And letting stupid little things slide through. Yes and why do we sit and give foreign aid, let these countries get their own aid somewhere else. America should come first.

Wake Up people! Our Government don't care about us, just as long as they get all their money and PERKS !!!!!!

Yay!  Millionaires need super low taxes to live.  So WHAT if a few measley million lowly workers lose their jobs.  Rich people have it very very hard in this country.  It's about time we ALL do more for rich folks. It's only fair.

"Paul Ryan, R-Wis., the failed GOP vice presidential nominee, has resumed his role as top wonk".....top wonk??? Andrew Taylor is that any way for a liberal to talk, where's your PC manners? I guess that only applies when a Republican calls a Democrat Senator a wonk.  Citizens arrest, citizens arrest..wonk alert, wonk alert.

the War Budget is 900 Billion per year..only 140 Billion of that is care and feeding of current members, retiree and VA benefits, take 500 billion off the top of the remainder and we still spend more than Russia and China combined

Welcome to 2013 REALITY!All of those years of racking up TRILLIONS on the old national credit card, wasn't that FUNNN, time to PAY the piper!Hey RED STATES, a SUPER BIG GUESS WHAT FOOLS, your states are IN THE HUGE SUPER MAJORITY of all the RECIPIENT states in terms of Federal tax dollars, did ya know that?  : )GUESS WHO these cuts are going to HIT THE HARDEST and HURT THE WORST?????  : )Be LOUD AND PROUD NOW.  lol lol"Public servants say, always with the best of intentions, 'What greater service we could render if only we had a little more money and a little more power.' But the truth is that outside of its legitimate function, government does nothing as well or as economically as the private sector."RR

Wow, you mean the senate is actually going to vote on something, well I'll be......must be since way back in 09 during Obummercare they actually worked, way to go Harry a almost 5 year vacation.

Washington is short of money because Our Politicans Passed NAFTA &amp; Free Trade Laws so American Companys could send American jobs across our borders so big businesses could get Slave Labor &amp; then when average Americans lost their jobs, Washington Lost there Tax Paying base.  Then our political dummy's passed Laws to make The Super Rich &amp; Big Businesses Tax Free, after all their deductions. Then our Politicans say, I know, Lets cut Everything for the Poor, Retired, Disabled, Homeless, Veterans, &amp; Jobless. Thats the Government Way.

If Durban, Reid and Obama are for it, there are three good reasons to be against it. If these SOB's wanted to fix Social Security (as they claim) why is it NEVER in the discussions?

zero faith in our government to do basically anything that would b considered 'common sense' and for the good of the people. its all for the lobbyist that got them in there and its a sad commentary on our nation. wait till 10 yrs out and it will b so bad that these messed up yrs will look like disneyland!

Dale, the only Republican stupidity is when they go along with greedy, spendthrift democrats that buying votes with taxpayers' money.

I was once told, "never trust anybody with NO lips!"  Look at the picture of Paul Ryan as he seems to be thinking??  He has no lips!!!!...HUmmmmmmmmm

spending cuts .they need to start with air force one

And the Republican star Ayotte only worrying about the freaking military.  Cut the damn military.

Everyone needs to remember not one Republican voted for Obamacare and when this disaster hits it is all on the Democrats.  Costs are going to rise on all items we buy and healthcare is rising at an even greater rate because of itAmazing, politicians sit and waste time arguing about piddly things of little consequence when this nation can't take care of itself. Call our troops home, cut forien aid by at least 75% and take interest here on our soil where it matters most.The amusing part is we keep re-electing these useless blinder wearing bags of trash that have consistently proven they care little for their country unless it lines their pockets, so in essence it's our own faults, but then again it is their faults aswell for Refusing to do the job We the peole entrusted them to do.I say shut it down ,close the doors, and forget it since they could obviously care less.

Darn, I was hoping the government would shut down.

Comment hidden due to it exposing what a bunch of fools Democrats are.

Here's a thought when a politican retires, is defeated [fired] they get absolutely nothing. All this talk of theirs of how they just want to serve the people is a bunch of hogwash. Your not working for the people the people don't pay you one dime, every president and senator leave office are come into office as millionares

I like to see all of them living off of $200 A week

these guys and gals in congress and senate really need a reality check! Make them all go home and live a couple of months on an average social security check and pay for all the #$%$ that they make seniors and disabled pay for... without all those salaries and "OLD MONEY" to help them, i wonder how long they could survive in this world. They give us 1.75% raise and everything goes up 10-35%. who does their calculations? The average senior can't buy a loaf of bread and margarine on what they gave us!!! What kind of raises are they looking at? another 10-40%? I could live on that!

Cyprus here we come..........

Everyone has great ideas for these cuts.  Why don't our elected leaders get this message?  I agree let's cut foreign aid to the bone.  In fact cut it to zero for 6 months and see what happens.  Stop all the wars, cut the retirement benefits of all the politicians and reduce the bloated federal work force like private industry has had to do.

where is the talk about cutting the pay and benefits of the politicians?  How about a layoff for them?  The argument has been that they are protected by the constitution, well if they see this and really, really want to help, then let them amend it for this type of purpose.  So all will "sacrifice" .

I guess it's just too complicated for America's best minds to figure out.So, how do we get them out of their seats?  We can't be at their mercy and stupidity, I just don't know the political process.  Do any of you, and how do we start it?

They pass this, the US credit rating will be cut....again

Too bad they don't worry about doing things to help people get back to work as much as they do about their parties lines of bullshi-,it is jobs you stupid #$%$ its jobs,,jobs and jobs.

Somewhere around the number of $176,000 a year for a freshman congress person, does anybody see a problem here? They work for us.....but they make more than us....this just aint right.

I don't see any money for the Post Office. Does this mean they get to shut down Saturday delivery ?

How about instead of mandating that supervisors and directors of organizations cut where big government says cut, tell them how much money to expect, and allow them to figure out the best places to make cuts. This is a basic leadership principle, and one that is obviously missing in this administration. Of course, if they didn't tell them where to make the cuts, they wouldn't have been so painful, and I guess that was the goal.

Why are you crying now America?  You are responsible for re-electing the same dirt bags that are causing this mess that you are complaining about.  Do a better job the next time you enter the voting booth.  Do your research America before you push the button next time.  Our only hope for now is for Americans to rid the Halls of Congress in 2014 with the current crooks, and re-elect those politicians who are serious about putting the needs of Americans and this nation first.  These congressional leaders just didn’t take over; you put them in the positions of authority they now hold.  If you want real change and hope for our children’s future take a hard look in the mirror and reevaluate your own thinking for what is best for not only our nation but for our kids who will suffer from our stupidity.

I don't know which is worse watching Congress or the Kardashians.

If only we could vote the right people in who will listen to the true American people who are all for freedom, the Constitution, and balancing the budgets.

These guys  are a joke.  They bundle up every bill in to one instead of making individual decisions.  Goes to show they cannot multitask and they are only there to work on their campain and getting there unearned benefits.Do any of you "not" believe that operating "without" a budget is fiscal recklessness?

Funny how these guys couldn't work together a few weeks ago.

what is the relation between the two? sequestion and the incidents around the country? then there is the CPAC and its cast of folks..

well the gop deserve a that a boy for being leaders in getting something done.it may help them in the mid terms.but more then likely not.they have taken far too much from far too many to survive.

Keep sending the money and food stamps to Mexico.

Why not print more fake paper money???

woo hoo and while deciding how to cut 85 billion for the year lets simultaneously give 65 billion to the IMF to help needy nations out of poverty (and us into it) lol what a asinine country we've become.

F...U...Congress......F...U.

The only people Republicans are concerned for are......Hedge Fund Managers and big oil executives......After all they do fund their campaigns !

Can you say Civil War...4.6 trillion versus 600 billion.  Dems are delusional, as always.

"problems like looming closures of air traffic control towers."You can thank Obama if there are any flight delays or tower closures. The FAA has a $500 million bigger budget now than they did in 2009 even with the sequester. Today there's fewer flights and fewer air traffic controllers too. There were no flight delays in 2009 because of budget shortfalls. Somebody (hint: Obama and the liberal news media) is lying to us!

None of them have any balls at all. They should cut 10% across the board and continue cutting until there is NO deficit and BALANCE a budget. This is doing to do NOTHING about the debt and NOTHING about the deficit. We are going 3rd world in ten years. And obams is stil pushing for electric cars, and wants to cut NOTHING from ANY Program EXCEPT SS, Medicare, and Medicaid. They all suck.

LETS GO BANKRUPT AND START OVER.

&gt;While top Senate leaders like No. 1 Democrat Harry Reid of Nevada focused on the big picture —The only picture reid focuses on is the one of him.

The GOP is already finished...but as the economy improves again under a Dem president...while always the reverse under GOP control...the fate of the GOP will be carved in stone...a tomb stone.

I contribute to the TEA party.It is the fastest way to drill a hole in the GOPs boat.

Eddie Munster got old.  Probably ran too many marathons

Paul Ryan is fighting an up-hill battle. Paul has wonderful ideas but the stupid democrats will need to put their parties selfish interest aside and work with him.

Comments on here seem to forget the democrats tried to compromise, but the republicans don't want to raise tax revenue on the rich. They would rather make the elderly pay for it.lyin ryan works for koch

Why are we giving money to Egypt when we can't fund our own government operations?

How much money did the arms that were sent through Turkey to the Muslim Brotherhood in Libya cost and who authorized it?That one got a Ambassador killed and then Obama had the Muslim Brotherhood leader who gave the kill order because somebody stole them after they arrived in Benghazi to the White House for a sit down in Private and then he walked out a free man. Why did Obama shut down drilling in the Gulf but at the same time gave Brazil $250 million to start up their off shore drilling? And that deal  cost billions in taxes to our country and put Americans out of work.Why are we giving Money to countries that want us dead? We have one country in the middle East who is willing to watch our backs and we turn our backs on them or at least Obama has. We give money to Muslim countries who only want America to die or praise Ala and live under their rule. We barrow money from China and then loan them their own money which we have to pay them Back but we will never see them pay a thing back to Us Why? The constitution states only a few things the Government is suppose to take care of the rest is suppose to be the States duty to take care of. So why don't we go back to the Constitution and let the States do what they are suppose to do? The taxes by the IRS would be cut by 70% and taxes by the state would also go down in most States. Even if the State Taxes would be raised 20% we would still have lower taxes.because of the amount of Federal taxes we wouldn't be paying.

Nobody wants to have their budgets cut but it is time to cut and make do with what you have available.

how about we stop pay checks to everybody in the goverment for a year. everybody has to take cuts except the ones that caused this mess, and worse then that they all got a raise for sitting on their azzes and doing nothing. if the goverment wants to cut costs ship every illegal alien out of this country including  obama, drug test for everybody on welfare. obama wants everybody on obamacare then that means the goverment people also. i had cuts in my ss what cuts did the goverment do. i still say time to stand up and take back control of our control.

It's about time to start cutting the fat.  I'm glad it is coming from all parts of the pig.  But it is all coming from here in the US.  How about cutting some of the aid foreign countries seem to think they are entitled to.  Now that IS an entitlement.  And how about closing some of those tax loopholes for the 1%?  How about ending corporate welfare?  Now lets get this ball rolling!!!!

Obama just said the debt was no big deal

Not reported: Spending this year will be more than last year.  "Cuts" aren't cuts, they are decreases in the rate of increase in spending...also, budgets are not allocated based on projected actual budgetary need, but are solely based on the previous years allocation + a raise for the next year.  Surprising to find out that a once thought unique one time stimulus is actually automatically increasing spending dramatically into perpetuity.  Considering this, I say cut EVERYTHING.

Paul Ryan could be mistaken for a young Abe Lincoln

To Democrats stuck in "RED STATES"  Start now. Get known. Republicans will vote for responsible Democrats.Not a budget just continuing resolution.  Not going to solve anything

see this #$%$ we put up  with because obama  dont know how hand money  he going take the usa down all way he no good from start   obama going pay very hard for us in usa in the end

it would b comical if it wasnt so bad how much our government has hurt the people. we are doomed, there is no coming out of this. we pasted that line yrs ago. keep funding all these other nations that can't even load a gun and keep giving aid to nations that hate us. we are so past the point of no return its a joke.

We woudn't need anything more then a shell of a federal government if they just stopped meddling with states, stopped taxing us, and let US pay our own way!

This country is so very, very F***ED  !!!!!!!!

spending cuts .they need to start with air force one

Just gotta love the posts "Well if you dont agree with my opinion you'd better leave the country!!"  Yeah, that sounds like freedom!  Hey moron--- only allowing one way of thinking just happens to be called COMMUNISM as well.If you can accept the fact there is more than one way of thinking and opinion allowed in this great nation, I'll help you move to China.  Right now.

Wake up America...as the article stated it now takes 60 votes in the Senate for any substantial bill to pass.  Smell the coffee...that means the REPUBLICANS are filibustering EVERYTHING.  This amounts to nothing short of a refudiation of the Constitutional which requires a MAJORITY vote for the business of the Senate......a majority of 100 is 51.This is nothing short of a coup.  So when we hear about obstructionism...look to the Senate and tell your Senators to STOP filibustering EVERYTHING.  I do not agree with much that Senator Paul has to say, but he showed all of us the way the Filibuster is SUPPOSED to be used.  WE do not agree on much, but I sure as hell admire his TRUE GRIT

As long as the Politicans attack the Old People their #$%$ is Grass...old folks vote

can't wait for the bill to hit the house,cantor will shove a poker up boehners butt and he'll sqeal like a pig.it'll be fun to watchWhile top Senate leaders like No. 1 Democrat Harry Reid of Nevada focused on the big picture. Yes, "Fuzzy Bunny" Slippers for one and all! This plan of action is almost as exciting as the "Chicken in every Pot" deal from many moons ago!PS I am very impressed with that one sentence, I truly am. Look at what was crammed in there:  1.) Top Senate Leader, 2. ) No.1, 3.) Big Picture! Amiazing!

The Republicans want the sequestration cuts for every state but their individual states.  Why not just pull the sequestration cuts of the dam table and do some serious negotiating.

Watch the republican house block this just to teach Obama a lesson..what lesson I don't know, but it's about time the GOP stopped their scorched earth policies and compromised.

they dont want the goverment to shutdown theyre afraid that the people might figure out they are not needed, we dont need tax collectors and law makers we've made enough laws how about enforcing the ones we already have

Every day this Govt continues its attack on the USA solidifies my belief in an up coming Revolution.

Republicans have been begging for spending cuts from Obama for 4 years. Now that they've got it they don't want anything to do with it. Unbelievable hypocrisy.

Closing food inspection plants, laying off inspectors, firing contractors, closing air traffic control towers. Do you conservatives understand yet that this is the consequences of your austerity? Thousands more Americans out of work? Oh thats right, that is what they want, since it keeps unemployment high and makes Obama look bad. They werent lying when they said that was their #1 priority.

The house must reject the bill from the senate.Cut off all domestic spendings in the bill PERIOD.

Are the Repukes/Teagaggers ever FOR SOMETHING???

I think Abraham Lincoln just became a Democrat!The money cut from the Dodd-Frank law will allow the rich to keep stealing from our Treasury.

No background checks on Americans until one is done on Obama

REPUBLICAN PLAN !!! KEEP THE ECONOMY DEPRESSED

Please take out the hundreds of billions of dollars for the defense contractors and other leaches like Halliburton!

Maybe Ryan isn't thinking, he could be daydreaming. That is more plausible.

Do we really need a big, bloated government inspecting, regulating and overseeing everything?  I doubt anyone will miss the bureaucrats if they were gone.

say know to keystone pipe line

THESE CLOWNS HAVE TO GO!

Congress seems to think that "The People" Should always sacrifice when it's time for cut backs... ENOUGH!!

Every time I read one of these articles it's republicans block this republicans block that. I'm sick of this and I would also say that a majority of americans are sick of it to. It's time for private industry to pick up some of the tab by paying appropriate taxes on their business. Especially Wall Street. It's also time to tax dividen income at the full rate as payroll income. Time for the million and billionairs to cough up their fair share. I read an article earlier about companies that are paying no taxes at all. America cannot afford this republican policy of not taxing corporations and millionairs. It's got to stop.for all you parrots ... "Lyin" Ryan"... at least he is tryin'.Democrats have no grip on when you can no longer afford an experiment. The experiment has Failed!For you who feel no pain: They don't come after you because you have zip &amp; pay zip in taxes (don't do zip neither) but the guys who pay taxes are getting screwed to the wall.  You say I don't care! probably because you don't care.

This article shows that this Congress is incapable of enacting significant spending reductions.  Not a surprise since Congress hasn't cut programs that have long been recognized as horribly inefficient, like Amtrak and Wind Farm subsidies.  Since the present level of debt is unsustainable, get ready for the tax increases.

The only other nation in the world that has a silly debt ceiling is Kazakhstan. A debt ceiling is no way to run a country.

THE SOCIALISTS LIBERAL DEMOCRATS are running things their way for the next four years weather the American People agree or not.

Paul Ryan AKA "ZEG - Zombie Eyed Granny Starver" doesn't look too happy

mmmmmmmmmm - bacon!

Wasn't the sequester a deal to force the gov to cut spending?  Either voluntarily through a new budget or forced through sequestration?  Well, now we have cuts, like everybody seems to want, and all of a sudden the senate is scrambling to find money to continue spending?  Cutting spending is a good thing, most people agree.. so why is everyone blaming and not taking credit?

So we send in sweeping cuts but now we borrow more money to fill in where the cuts went?  Only in America!!!!  As an Independant that leans Conservative, I have always had issues with the dem party and their ability to "play" the game better than the GOP.  They always promise the world and instead of focusing on why they never follow thru they demonize the GOP..but the GOP party is getting rather pathetic now.  They are falling all over themselves for these spending bills now and immigration as if it will help them with votes...I have always known the dems were evil but the GOP is proving they are just stupid!!

Why didn't they name the 10 GOP that voted with the DEMS so they can be voted out in their next election.

We need a background check on Obama.....no me when I buy a gun!!!!Total savings for the short list of items in the following posts is $2.5 Trillion over Ten Years

See that guy in the lead photo ? My proposal is this : With all the ideas, here of late, of sending a manned mission to Mars ( with no return to Earth as part of the mission ) I hereby volunteer that joker, Mittens Romney,  Sarah " Which Direction is Up " Palin, and John " Yes, I am an American Traitor " McCain. Then, televise it so we can all watch them go nuttier than what they already are.

CUT FOREIGN AID Stupid OBAMA.

* Corporation for Public Broadcasting Subsidy -- $445 million annual savings.* Save America 's Treasures Program -- $25 million annual savings.* International Fund for Ireland -- $17 million annual savings.* Legal Services Corporation -- $420 million annual savings.* National Endowment for the Arts -- $167.5 million annual savings.* National Endowment for the Humanities -- $167.5 million annual savings.* Hope VI Program -- $250 million annual savings.* Amtrak Subsidies -- $1.565 billion annual savings.* Eliminate duplicating education programs -- H.R. 2274 (in last Congress), authored by Rep. McKeon, eliminates 68 at a savings of $1.3 billion annually.

Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion, according to a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report released today.

The truth is that we have no idea what this budget will do. They say cuts, but we later find they are just monies not spent. When it takes over 500 pages to get a budget written I am sure our congressmen don't even know what is in the budget.

LOL- good thing Obama is heading to Israel where PM Beni will encourage him to attack Iran...war, always a solution in times of economic crisis for mobilization and coordinating groups for a singular purpose, while corps invest (not in America mind you) and our youth die (population control for the ..what do they call lower income people..ah yes, breeders).  Or of course they (government) could charge a ten percent tax on deposits like Cypress...lots of creative ways to stimulate the economy which the private bankers (Federal Reserve) arranged for us to fail. NOthing happens without a plan..last war we got medicare (they want to take that away), Civil rights act (now the gay marriage push),Voting rights act, first African american justice (appointed) to the Supreme court.....what's missing now? A gay,feminist for president and unity for all as in collectivism. A Utopia ..which as history has shown never existed and never will because we are all tribal and will remain so.  The purpose of war is conformity and investments. All the things happening that seem disconnected is connected. Gays under the law as it stands can't bring in their "partners' as marriage partner which heads under the immigration law...also a big issue now.

Wow! what a show.  A bipartisan full year spending bill was materialized out of an ordinary empty treasury.  Democrats agreed to pretend to cut spending while Republicans wave their arms and shout GO AWAY at Obama Care and tax hikes.   We're all happy now.  In the next act, Bernanke the Great will pull a trillion dollar coin out of Harry Reid's nose.

So again no cuts and we are back to where we started.

This is about Senate vote right?  Why they put Paul Ryan's picture there?  Haven't we seen enough of this joker yet?These guys are as crooked as a dog's hind leg!

there is no way that Senate bill ever gets past the house. and it shouldn't. we would be better off playing Obama's truth or dare games for 4 more years.  I think conservatives finally found the way to out manuever a minipulator.

If the government can't cut 2% from their budget then they should live in my house!

so the senate passes a budget for the first time in four years--is this supposed to be exciting news?

Gee,I knew Republican's never allowed democrat's to vote in the House but i never knew it worked in the Senate--great news.See republican's believe the Sequester would work in their favor but now have concerns it would shut programs down in their home State.Bye-Bye to the t-party sequester.

Every job cut is an unemployment check and a one more non-tax payer.

"Without this funding, every meat, poultry, and egg processing facility in the country would be forced to shut down for up to two weeks," Blunt said in a statement. "That means high food prices and less work for the hardworking Americans who work in these facilities nationwide." Everybody in these plants are mexicans, but I agree that the price of food would go up. If we send the mexicans home, we'll STARVE!.

Interesting math. The $60 million Toomey wants to keep 418 laid off workers on the job at the Tobyhanna Army Depot works out to over $143,000 per employee, yet this article describes it as "would barely make a dent in the layoffs." Is this true??? Or is it just lousy journalism.

They could relax meat and poultry inspection standards and keep the plants open. Do you think the ONLY reason the food is safe is because the government is watching them?  Small town airports don't need to be open ALL THE TIME.  With today's communication systems they can easily publish schedules on availability.  The wars are ENDING.  Why do we need contractors, Army depot personnel.  They are "make work" jobs that don't contribute ANYTHING to wealth building in the nation.  Put them to work rebuilding infrastructure which does.

such b s and they tell the public they are working hard to solve the problems they createdFUNNY MAD DOG

and for the stupid people out there the 600 billion that they mention cutting over ten years, is actually 600 billion in reduction as to what they were going to borrow and spend. that is not a cut in spending that is a cut in borrowing, we as a country should not be borowing anything from anyone, whay are we borowing money and giving it to egypt?

$10 Billion a year in financial aid to Pakistan. That sounds like something that we can do without.

I did not see anything to address the 20% salary cut the DoD civilians will endure due to sequestration.

These jokers first voted for this to happen, now let them live with it, all of it.

Mr. Taylor... let me remind you of some of the finesses points of reportage, it's supposed to be objective. There is more finger pointing here than fact, just wanted you to be aware of that.

All the Fiasco - Who buys US Bonds???

The only intellectual in this debate is Paul Ryan.It's time for the Democrats to stop being the stubborn Party of No and start listening to him.

Spend it all commie slutz war in the streets is whats coming because you have killed our dollar dip sticks ,there is no one that can bail us out!  heel up lock and load

"...despite opposition from  Republicans who were denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems like looming closures of air traffic control towers."The teapot GOP should have thought about that before they CHEERED for sequestration!Yes this man from Wisconsin will not admit they lost the election due to their extreme right wing views that the "majority" of Americans voted against . It is time for new people in the House and Senate who have more common sense of todays  problems ! Turning back to 1950 will not work !

US Senate = 102 useless pieces of human trash.

obama has BrainWash values and beliefs out of you people. he is just like a cult Leader..and the hell with the tax payers that is paying the bills

Boehner ,Ryan  agree with Obama-- Rand Paul and all of those Tea party wiingnuts are going to have a stroke--- THERE IS NOT A DEBT CRISISfinally the big lie is being exposed-- We do not have a spending problem-- We have a jobs and growth problem#$%$ cheney - deficits don`t matter.Next the Republicans aare going to throw the tea party under the bus with immigration reform

BHO deserves another Nobel Peace Prize for ?????????   no budget???????  uniting the USA????????

The war budget=over 30% of tax revenues. Perks and pensions for federal workers= over 7% of the tax revenue. And the problem is all the old people. Call that a conservative?

I don't know about you guys but I make more money than I ever did during the Bush administration. I was able to consolidate my student loans and paid them off. That wouldn't had happened if Obama didn't change Bush's student loans policy. Homes are not as inflated as they were in 2000-2008 so I was able to buy one at a very low rate (less interest to the lender), I work in the private sector and my bonus checks have increased at least 15% every year, I also feel safer since Obama gave the order to kill Osama! Thank you President Barack Hussein Obama for restoring the American dream!

Washington needs a serious flush &gt; way to much dookey there . Stop wasting Americans money on : NASA , foreign aid , useless research (like cloning) , neuter the military and evict all the pacs and special interests . Cut the politicians pay and perks and devote 30+% of the current tax income to SAVINGS and paying off the debt first . Not 1 penny of American money should be spent outside of America . That's MINE and YOURS money , so stands to reason that if there is enough to hand out billions then they need to hand it out in AMERICA first and foremost .

Who cares when you get a free cell phone and food stamps.

Hey republican senators who wanted to add "pork" to the bill i.e funding for air traffic control towers in your home state, STOP asking the federal government for money.  According to YOU, the Federal government is too big.  By you adding "pork" to any bill MAKES THE GOVERNMENT BIGGER.If you want to fix the budget and pork barrel spending, you as a voter need to vote these BUMS out of office . When all the budget cut's are intentionally put on the poorest people in this Country, it tell's me that Washington is no longer working for the people that pay them .

Didn't he just lose an election?

more spending!  Republicans are dead.  Our country is dead.  Sorry children

silly government..........spend......borrow.........fight.........lie..........spend.........borrow some more.......create conflict.......#$%$ people off......start war........destroy country......silly government

"The net result would cut about $600 billion from the deficit over 10 years."  Really?  That's the best the democrats could come up with?  600 billion in cuts over 10 years on a 16.7+ trillion dollar deficit?   That's like saving $60 bucks over 10 years.  Absolutely unfriggin-believable.

The House sent this Bill forward with no Amendments . You were not allowed to challenge the bill as a Representative of the people that is a shame . Ronald Regan the Govt was shut down and so was Bill Clinton . It doesnt hurt the Govt essential services continue contrary to what MSNBC says . Go back and look in history there isnt any effect to a shutdown. The Liberal media is ace in the hole for obama and that isnt how this country works. But elections have consequences and when a Rep ends up in the white house there gonna do samething Liberals are doing so hang on Liberals your days are numbered and you have nobody to blame but yourselves. Its a if you can do it so can we. And American will suffer from it.

Obamas approval rating is about 47% these days. Apparently Romney was right.

Ryan took a couple of Econ classes as an undergrad in college. That makes him a budget expert in the Right Wing. He voted for the Iraq and Afghan wars and the Bush tax cuts and Medicare Part D and all the budget busting spending programs designed by the Trickle Up Economics crowd. Well done.

The Republican plan balances the budget- the democratic plan has just smaller deficits....and we go over 17 trillion in debt.  Both sides dont like cutting though- selfish.

Bipartisanship in a Bicameral system. This is the way it should work.I'd knew they would Cave. Paul Ryan is finished POS him and the speaker for not up holding Republican Conservative Values. Dirt Bags

Obama and the Democrats said the sky would fall with the sequester and it did not the sad fact is 50% of the tax  revenues are wasted in the US goverment thru stupidity and corruption. let's start looking at that.

Will this spending folly never stop???  Vote every last one of them out and replace them with nubies.  They could do no worse!

"The latest Ryan plan generally resembles prior ones..... $4.6 trillion in spending cuts over a decade...... a balanced budget in 10 years.""The counter budget proposal from Senate Democrats .... would cut about $600 billion from the deficit over 10 years."Hmm. $4.6 trillion vs $600 billion. Which one sounds more fiscally reaponsible and which one aims to pull the wool over the voters' eyes?Just sayin'

Iraq war is going to cost $7T by the time all the vets are taken care of. Think about that the next time you want to go to war against someone who didn't attack us.

"Bipartisan" - meaning two-party.  Meaning what's best for the politicians of the two main parties, and by extension their closest (richest) friends and $cr3w the rest of America.If you want things to be different, you need to Do something different -+ Vote + Third + Party! +

Can anyone, anywhere do their job right any more?

democrats needd some group to be victims so they can pretend to be saving and protecting the group of victims

Thank god I was worried the government was gonna shut down!  How's the whole working on the deficit going?  Job growth?  As long as the government gets paid I guess everything is ok then.  what a load of garbage.

In the long run most of this money won't end up where its supposed to go. It will be re distributed to pork programs and then senate dems will be proposing another tax increase, insisting that it is a matter of urgency.Thats why they want your guns,when they come for your money like in Cypress you cannot fight back. Do not let them have either one vote them libs out .

It's a shame that this is what the president of the united states wanted and had been planning for 4 years. Simply to create more divisiveness and dysfunction within the Legislative branch of our government and amongst the citizens of the United States. Folks, there IS a reason the senior Democrat leaders of this country have not passed a budget since the omnibus budget of 2008 which was written by a Democrat Congressional majority in 2007. Yep, that was 6 years ago. Obama's budget suggestions? His own party in the Senate and House laugh at him and refuse to vote on them. Very similar to what the Democrat led Senate has done with over 50 budget related bills submitted by the Republican led House of Representatives.

Honestly am hoping that the United States is intact when the democrats are done with their rape of the middle class that they keep telling us is in our better interest

When I went to school, we were taught that the founding fathers of America set up, and believed in a minimalist government that intruded on personal liberties at great peril.  Now, we have an electoarte that increasingly feels that the government that cannot do its minimal requirements satisfactorially should take on nearly every need of its citizens.  Now if that lesson confuses you, it is because you were taught by UNION TEACHERS that have been indoctrinated to make you think that the opposite of the above is true. Shame on them for failing as educators and Americans.

Ryan is no Budget Tutor and very insane!

Why  don't some of you wake up to reality. One genius says'Teabaggers suck" Hey sleepy, who do you think is trying to cut spending? Its those tea baggers. As far as Paul Ryan goes, he too would like to cut spending and so the long face. All the morons who voted for Obama are going to see that tha Tea Party and officials like Paul Ryan  were right. The last election proved that over half of voters are stupid, selfish or dumber than a box of rocks.

All would be cured if Barry would ever make a budget.  3 Years without one and it is intentional.

So the fiscally responsible Republicans are whining about not having their pork included....now that's rich!!

This goes to prove that some traitor republicans are caving into the prick Obama. They are apparently dumb enough to listen to the lies of this president and believe they will have a chance to win their next elections, EEEHHHH WRONG, #$%$*OLES... Your F  N toast...

The old RINO's in the Senate are a joke and need to be voted out! What a disaster they are making. The House needs to stop this from happening and LET THE GOVERNMENT SHUT DOWN - then it's OBAMA's problem to solve!Why don't we cut out part of the 2 billion given to Israel?

When they are ready to cut $200 billion from the DOD $900 BILLION Budget...then repubsare truly interested in deficit reduction...til then it's just lies and showmanship.

"...denied chances to offer money aimed at addressing home state problems..."Translation: PORK!!!As I recall, it was the two-faced, fork-tongued GOP that was CRYING about pork!

Looks like he has his finger up his nose.

Well, I for one am tired of the bull, that our government is forced to shutdown, because some Republicans refuse to sign a bill keeping the government running. They can find other ways to solve their problems without government shutdowns..

Sounds like some Republicans want to add pork to the bill.  They cry and cry for cuts, and then when they get them, they only want cuts that don't affect them.  What a bunch of hypocrites!!!!

blah blah blah...republicans should continue to focus on dead end streets like birth certificates, school records, fast and furious, benghazi, repealing obamacare...you stupid dopes

Shut down the Beltway, take away their benefits, downsize the Federal Monster; fire them all, and lets start over.

If I were a Republican I'd be embarrassed and tell everyone I was an Independent!

AP thinks it's gonna fly through the HOUSE??Guess again, moron libswhy dont they cut the money to foreign countries that think we are a bunch of fools like egypt and others.obamma is takeing care of his hommies first and american getting the shaft again.

The idiot Liberal leadership is promoting more gloom and doom for their idiot followers. Create an emergency, scare the idiots, blame it on whoever is opposing it. Welcome to the New Idiot Liberal Society where stupidity rule.

Wow!  We have $17 Trillion Debt and the Dems want to save 60 Billion a year!  So when we have $32 Trillion in Debt in 10 years, we can thank Mr. Obama &amp; Sen Reid for saving us so muCH MONEY!!!!

Get the lazy do-nothing turds and the boss out of my house! American tax-payer

Won't all those cuts REDUCE tax income when there are mass layoffs and less workers paying in to the system?

So the Republicans Weren't able to put in Their usual Pork!....Perfect

Congress need to STOP spending money to foreign aid ....Need to take care own backyard (U.S.A.)

Are you still believing Obama when he says the economy is improving? Wake up and stop drinking the kool-aid.

why is is any Bill that moves through congress is opposed by the Republicans, these people need to grow up they act like little children kicking and pounding the ground when they don't get there way, a democracy is about give and take they only want to take from the middle class to fill the coffers of the elite it seems.

And what is the reason to show picture of #$%$?If the modern Republican party actually had a track record of not starting wars, reducing debt, and solving our social problems they would be our leading party, but instead they love to start wars, have been profligate spenders, and have never solved a serious social problem. In addition they have, in the eyes of most Americans, become a front organization for the very wealthy and intolerant of anyone that doesn't have white skin or Christian beliefs.

Ryan's proposals would result in another recession or worse a depression. Just look at the austerity budget the conservatives in Britain introduced and they are back in recession. Get the economy moving and then slowly reduce the deficit.

NEXT ELECTION, don't forget to vote for the one who can promise you a brand new car for your vote.  It appears to be working in the current political arena throughout this nation.  OOPS!!! My mistake, I thought I was commenting on a third world country.

vote them out of office

He is the light at the end of the obammy distruction of america tunnel that the ignorant have put us on...god bless him..and god bless america...america will survive in spite of this fool in the white house

If I were Ryan I'd be wondering WHY I turned myself inside out dedicating hours and hours of my time trying to answer the overwheming demand for a budget that would magically be acceptable to everyone . It was drudgery and a concentrated mental effort that few would have the grit to stick with.  Give him credit--he made that effort while all the others were "out to lunch " .  The trouble is , there doesn't seem to be any appreciation.What should we think of ignoramuses like journalists and liberal bigots who are literally trying to intoxicate the public against his budget and Ryan himself ?  Think they just HAVE to be right ?   Put Paul Krugman through the blistering wringer of persecution for the work that HE has done !   His articles about Ryan are pesimistic and ONE-SIDED . So are most of those type of writers.  What the people should know is that there is the OTHER SIDE of the coin to examine.That Democratic Budget ditz Patty Murray is no brain at all compared to Ryan yet her ideas are being treated as if they are too sacred to critiicize. ( I guess we should all be thrilled because, after all, budgets in the Dem. Senate are rarer that chicken's teeth . )   To avoid excess words , we could put her and the Dem. budget ideas in a nutshell : they mean spend and tax . Of course there is always a lot more retails but "spend and tax " is the bottom line .Republicans : the Ryan budget is not perfect , but it has a lot to offer that makes sense at a time when the economy is suffering in our country.  The last I heard there will be others in Congress who get together with him to see how they can make any alterations that are more practical.And critics : can you at least stop telling the world that he is a charlaton ?

No budget again by BHO - nice job BHO, time for another Pulitzer Prize!

We, the American's need to get rid of the lawers in the congress, and senate.

all of these roads to nowhere.  cut everyone else's but not my rural airport, and save all of the hard working american jobs in the meat industry-american yes but who is working at them, no money for financial regulators say republicans, no money for state health care system- ever try the state healthcare system as a single man,healthy indiana, it;s like the republicans complaint about europe, months long waiting lines just to get accepted.

impeachment   recall elections    no confidence votes   march on dcAnd people wonder why the wealthy do everything in their power to avoid paying taxes. It all goes to waste, either to provide homeless people with cell phones or to finance politicians spending habits. Sickening.

I voted for Obama but now believe they are all a bunch of greedy lawyers who don't really care for anything but their own pockets.

You can tell Ryan is a serious budget guy because he cuts his own hair.

"American Psycho."

The people always deserve their representation. If you want to change a nation, the first step is changing the citizens who allow atrocities to occur, right in front of them.

GOP lied us into a war, bank cheats, and wall st, have us put us into this debt but we can't tax the rich guys that profited? WHAT a bunch of foxsnot propaganda.-Does the record spending (and borrowing) of money that we don't have, by this President, bother you?-Must spend to get out of the hole. If you choke the middle class you get a worse depression.

All ten gop traitors should be removed and i could careless about old Mark Pryor , D- Ark he's as sorry as his daddy and we will get that POS out this time TEA PARTY POWER. AND Libertarian Power.

This Guy still looks like a Lost Beagle...... All He does is LIE !!  Oh- or Not Remember....

"and Jerry Moran of Kansas, who wants money to keep air traffic controllers at six small airports in his state."Waste. Who flies to kansas?

Why wasnt it passed March 18, 2012 or at least February 18, 2013?I'm tired of their childs play.2.2 Trillion on the war in Iran. What do the Repulicans say? And the Trillion lost in the Pentagon. 3..2 Trillion lost. And who are we blaming who put us there? I wonder

Get your fork here comes some pork!!

We should just send the Congress home without pay and then sit back and watch how much things improve!

We now buy over 70 percent of our military needs from other countries, including China.  Hmmmm.

As a former Marine Sargent, if I had performed my duties just 1/1000 as bad as congress, I would have been charge with dereliction of duty, hung from the highest yardarm, and dually deserved the punishment!  It's time we hold all these lifer politicians accountable, regardless of party affiliation.  To every politician, YOUR LOYALTY IS TO AMERICAN, First and Foremost, non others!  It's time for every Marine, Sailor, Soldier, Airman and Guardsman, past and present, to understand we have kept this country great, and it's time to back OUR COUNTRY.  WE HAVE EARNED IT, WE PAID OUR DUES!

they all want to reduce govt spending until it cuts govt spending in THEIR states.  being part of the govt "waste" as a civilian providing health care to our wounded warriors, it angers me that they i'm facing a furlough and pay cut and they are still getting paid their full salary and not doing their jobs!

I have read all 565 comments and I congratulate those who participanted and expressed their concerns.  However, this article should have had 5.6 million responses.  The people of the USA know more about Kim K's maternity clothes and Tiger's girl friend then they know about our government.  Democrat or Republican, it does not matter, We The People should always be envolved with our government.  And for those who are cynics about the USA just know that you are cynical about YOU!  This Country is about US!  Maybe it is time for limited terms...12 years and OUT!  Therefore; quoting a ten words, two letters each word statement that sums up our involvment: "IF IT IS TO BE---IT IS UP TO ME!" Thanks again for the 565 and for you 320 Million...get off your butt and learn and react!   rbg499

America is like a family whose salary keeps getting cut year after year.  Each year, the quality of life for this family...as for America...keeps diminishing as infrastructure, education, and help for the truly needy becomes less and less.  The vast majority of the people in this country are losing their quality of life as many in the middle class are now poor.  Meanwhile, the small segment of the population who has always done well keeps getting richer with tax cuts.  When is this lunacy going to end?

Only the grave can cure a hunchback (a saying from the old coutry).Ryan is a prime example. How many times has he presented a budget that will NEVER, NEVER see the light of day ? What is his IQ, and why is this election loser still on the poltical stage ? Is this the best the Republicns have to offer ? Yes it is.Good luck in 2014 Ryan, Boehner, and your rabbid Republican House. Even Louis Pasteur wouldn't be able to cure you of your madness.. You will be climbing the wall in 2014 with foaming mouths............

Wow! Only one class - voiceless grandparents(used to be a middle class) with monthly SS income $1200 can save economy - plan to cut Social Security &amp;  increase out of pocket expenses for Medicare .....Shame..........In the old days ,even Tip O'neal and Ronald Reagan could come together over a glass of rye and figure things out. i'm no big drinker but the past methods seemed to work better than these... these...aw- go ahead and say it.. meanwhile granny's a-waitin

We will finally see a rebound in America when Mr. Obama realizes that the only way to succeed is to get people that don't wish to work off the government payroll and let them fall.  American security was set up to those that need help to get a hand up, not a hand out.  It was to help a mom get help with daycare, insurance for their children and food, while she works to pay for a roof over her childrens head.  It was designed to give a woman the right to sit on her #$%$ and watch idiotic, biased shows like "The View".  It was designed to help a single mom prevent having more children, not to pay the bill for dead beat dads and moms that can not keep their legs closed.  This is not a black or white issue, it is a common sense issue.  If you believe you deserve free, then you figured wrong.  You deserve to step up and become a part of the better direction we need to go. If you are handicapped to a point you can not even lift a hand to type on a computer than you should be a disabled beneficiary.  If you can type, talk, or have any working abilities, you should have a job and then be helped by the country to ensure food, clothing, a roof over your head, and warmth.

I think if these Senators worked in a real company that had to make budget cuts like many of us tax payers do, they would look at the fat and cut it first. I am so sick of hearing that they have to cut meat inspectors or food inspectors. Cut some of the #$%$ they added to the Sandy Relief bill that they passed in January or some of the stupid projects they are funding. I am really sick of the scare tactics. The comment that $60 Million would not even make a dent to save the 418 Civilian Contractors? That is $143,540 per worker.

NIMBY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What would happen if the electoral college was based on personal income taxes paid per state rather than population?

Washington is a #$%$ joke!

Well it seems that all 3.7 trillion of the budget is money well spent, so why are people complaining, our politicians have just shown us there is not one dollar that can be cut in the budget, imagine how smart they must be that they pass year after year these perfect budgets.

I bet the Republicans that worked on the budget are Not With the Tea Party.NO MORE TEA PARTY

such small measures for big problems

Wow! Finally some posting that is a political.  I couldn't agree more with sheep dog. I wonder how many know the facts you pointed out? These politicians and their families are taken care off. No incentive for them to do the right thing. They screw up all the time and we reelect them time and time again. As you said the soldiers and the seniors make peanuts compared to politicians. Where is the moral judgement on that? Way to go sheep dog.So we cut revenue and regulation when the economy was doing well, and are somehow obsessed with austerity now that the economy is weak. I thought that was the opposite of what you're supposed to do.

We Give more Free Tax Dollars to the rich in America to Not grow anything on their land than we give All the Social Programs put together. Our Congressmen alone take $6 Billon Dollars a year to not grow anything, $5.5 Billion of that is to the Republicans. Hundreds of Billions of Dollars are given to the Rich Land owners in America to Not Grow Anything on their land but they will not cut that.

Negotiate nothing end foreign aid, welfare, and all government pensions. Get a 401 k like the rest of us

all the smart americans know all budget matter start in the house of rep.but republicans for some reasons think it's the president job.read the consitution

just vote all republican, shut down the world and get it over with.  where do we get these idiots?  who  created this debt to begin with  ????

Hmmm shifting money for public funding to government payroll. Nice if your aim to to continue to rob the American people. What is the answer to the blatant disregard for Americans that BOTH of these parties seem to be suffering from ?

ovomit is a lying sack of sheeeet .... he promised to cut the debt in half &amp; instead more than doubled it!!!  LIAR!!!

What about the half a billion spent on Ammo for Homeland security or millions spent in foreign aid, or the millions spent by our President touring the country to Pep rallies for his agenda, or the millions in unknown expenses that slipped through the crack (90k on Vodka?  really) the list goes on and on.  Balance the budget!  More spending and borrowing is not the answer.  It wont be long and the Interest payment on Federal Debt will be Half of all tax revenue!

Why the attacks on the Ryan budget?  Obama and his Democratic controlled Senate have not even presented a budget to be voted on in over 4 years?  Don't you Democrats realize that this deficit spending has to be paid back?

Ten Republicans, mostly members of the appropriations committee, joined with Democrats:....this says it all.  These ten have let the nation down... again.Its obvious Paul Ryan hates sick and poor old people. I'm quite sure the feeling is mutual.

You will know libturds are serious about the deficit when they discontinue the funding of lesbian weight control programs.

its just the way odummer wants it,see you m/fers that elected that goofball its just like he wants it thanks a lot you m/fers

House Republicans under Boehner could have stopped this mess with a simple vote to stop sequester.  Now all the Republicans are mad because they are losing out of on their pork for back home; Republicans with their short sightedness and elite orientation are the enemies of the American people.

The government that you see in DC right now was elected by the biggest block vote ever created in America. As long as America has as many people on the government dole as it has working things will never change in DC.

Paul Ryan is mad because he isn't the Vice president.......

Those darn socialist republicans!

my fingers pointing, it's obammas fault now.....  he don't want a budget nor does he care about americans.  he is anti-american....  for Gods sake people, WAKE UP!!!!!

So after all the right wing screaming and whining about smaller government it turns out they only want smaller government in your state - not theirs. As if we didn't know all along.

Paul Ryan's infamous look of defeat! I've seen that look before, oh yeah, the day he and Romney lost big time in the presidential election.Close the corporate tax loopholes, lift the cap on taxing social security benefits, negotiate for drug prices instead of subsidizing big Pharma, limit welfare, rental assistance, wic and medicaid programs to 1 year, make every state enact its own state taxes, place immediate tariffs on companies who outsource jobs, make all trade deals 50/50 or invalid. Make all companies that pollute buy pollution credits from the government.

Does bankruptcy run in BHO's family tree?  Is that their norm?

We don't have a real President, liar and traitor and thief who is distributing you money to his Muslim #$%$ behind your backs. What dam fools still stand behind this marxists moron.

The right wing blood sucking Repub teabaggers want money for their pet projects but we cut back on our military going to school.They lost the election because they put up the two weakest people Mittens and lying Ryan.

You can thank the democrates for this hole that where in. astop sending money over seas, And get rid of obama, He will end your freedom that you are living now.

There is no need for any of this #$%$! Oboxo is trying to cause as much pain as possible to inti midate congress to give him even more money to buy votes with. Impeash the Muslim traitor NOW!

A very good pic of a very good loser!!!

We are in the new, bold ObamaEra where everyone gets free housing, free food, and free cell phones and where all jail cells remain empty; all based on printing large amounts of free money.  Yes its a brave new world where everyone concentrates on sex, sex and sex and no one has parental responsibilities.

Ryan, the new cartoon character...

The Republicans don't get it. They just lost a Presidential election and keep submitting the same budget, talking same rhetoric, same talking points. They think by supporting immigaration will get them enough votes to win in 2016. They'd better WISE UP. The majority of the American people don't want what they're selling.Obama is a pathological liar. Anyone who believes anything he says is either insane or demon possessed.

It appears that this President is trying his best to make a few very minor spending cuts have a very major impact on public health and safety. He is playing stupid games and not governing in a responsible way. The Republicans on the other hand, are giving him another year's reprieve to spend irresponsibly the tax dollars we worked so hard to earn. No budget sent by the President to congress as required by law, for his entire time in office is a farcical, childish way to act. We cannot the the fantasy submitted very late this year as a serious budget. Nobody but nobody among our elected representatives in Washington D. C. has what it takes to put on some big boy pants and create the significant emotional event necessary to end this childish dance for the major media and govern this country responsibly.

Getting the Congress to find out how to spend less  is like getting the Mississippi to run north.

Thank God for the Republicans! The Dems would spend until we look like Greece!

You can not run the greatest and strongest country in the world by cutting your defense or domestic budgets. Foriegn aide can be easily cut, but it depends on who your ally is and what future deals you wanna make with them (like staging our military for war). I know that there is lots of wasteful spending within the government. #$%$ poor management in lots of programs ie: the DLA Scandal in Vegas and another scandal in San Diego where the E2/C2 aircraft maintenance program managers were living lavishly off the government - non of which is doing time in prison. Civil Service is plagued with mishandling of overtime because managers won't manage or oversee production. I Love Civil Service - but I really KNOW, that lots of money can be saved if programs within all areas were policed by an independant entity. Make Welfare Reinform, welfare reinforcement and eliminate welfare recipients ability to file taxes on their assistance is a great place to start!

Guess the Senate Republicans must not be drinking much Tea these days. That's good for the country!

What has happened to King Barack's traveling?

Is there anyone but the G0P sheep surprised that it is the G0P senators that want to pump the bill full of pork barrel spending?

Does anyone else think Paul Ryan is smug #$%$?  I remember the pics that they put out where he was lifting dumbbells.  It was worse than a a paid advertisement.

It's now official the Republican party is dead!Can't have your cake and eat it to Republicans. Lying Ryan is the epitome of the 2 faced Republican Party. Remember when he opposed the stimulus yet wrote a letter to Obama begging for some stimulus  $$$ for his state. Oh my gosh what a loser.

The Senate Democrats have the best program on this.  However it would be best to repeal this whole sequestor and start new on this.  There is still going to be way to many employed citizens here with this sequestor with no jobs.  Obama always has said  no drastic cuts until this economy is much emproved...the continued growth of this economy as Obama said in his recent ABC interview is the total  first priority for this nation and our citizens.

Ben Ber yank me has been printing money off the presses and injecting it into wall street for yrs now . The stock market will burst like the housing market ,have no fear Obama will blame the Republicans you can bet on that. And the Socialist will come to the rescue and take more of our freedom away (starting with your bank accounts)

Interesting to see a photo of Sponge Bob deep in thought.

We just can't afford to support people over 70 on Medicare.  Sorry.

useless republicans CAVE again, can't stand any party. People need to take back America by taking to the streets! Greece is coming to America! So is Moodys Downgrade,

RYAN HAS THE ONLY BILL THAT MAKES SENSE !

I'll be watching how my Congreesman votes on this bill in the house. My vote for him will hinge on weather he goes for the moron in the White House or the American people!!!

Harry Reid is missing a piece of the big picture and that is the lack of a balanced budget and how that will eventually drive the US economy over a cliff!

"The counter budget proposal from Senate Democrats would repeal the sequester cuts at a cost of $1.2 trillion over a decade and blends about $1 trillion in modest cuts to health care providers the Pentagon, domestic agencies and interest payments on the debt with an equal amount in new revenue claimed by closing tax breaks. The net result would cut about $600 billion from the deficit over 10 years."That makes absolutely my sense.  Do the democrats think interest payments on the debt are going to reduce?  I would think that's nearly impossible with rates in the 1-2% range on the national debt.  They have to go up in the future, especially in 10 years.So $600B from the deficit over 10 years?  How is this a viable plan when we're adding $1.5T year!why don't we cut out all the money and expenses burden on America going out to all the other country's in poverty so the Americans can not have to live in unwarranted poverty and give it back to Social Security and the American people who worked hard to earn it and other American people who need help LETS REBUILD AMERICA INSTEAD better than we rebuilt Iraq with that unnecessary spending.

Please read the whole thing.  Mother told me this many years ago.  If you want your father to take care of you it's paternalism.  If you want your mother to take care of you it's maternalism, if you want Uncle Sam to take care of you it's socialism,  if you want comrads to take care of you that is communism.  If you want to take care of yourself that's AMERICANISM.

If the lower level or 'base' Republicans ever realize how much they have been decieved by their own party, the Republicans may go by way of the "Wigg" party.

Suicides are "UP 45%" in the last 3 year for 18-30 year olds under Obama, do to NO Jobs &amp; Nothing to Look Forward to and Obama still has done nothing to create Jobs and in fact has created more &amp; more regulations that kill Jobs....Obama is a Murderer of the Young, but it's still the Young &amp; Dumb that support him the most-Fools

I don't understand this article. Are they rolling back some of the sequester cuts, or what ? There is no new revenue from clsoing loop holes for the top echelons. Where is the funding  to spare some of  these programs cut by the sequester coming from ?  Are they just going to print more money and/or add to the deficit ?   I am confused. I have a strange feeling all of this will fall on the shoulders of the middle class tax payer  (once again).

Yahoo is sooooo liberal in their articles.  It is not a 60 vote hurdle set by Republicans.  That is how many votes something needs to pass. 60!

The government needs to go on a serious financial diet

Ryan when running for VP every crediable fact check siad his budget was not workable and would raise costs on many important situations.  the same for the then Romney tax plan.

A Freshman Congressman or Woman gets $3384.61 check per week?That's about $84.61 an hour?  What the FU*K is going on here?

"60 million dollars would barely make a dent" in 418 layoffs from now to October??? Have we lost all concept of MATH?I don't get it. Can we get an enumeration of the cuts that are not public facing? EPA, DOE, foreign aid, first family funding, war on drugs, justice department, legislature etc. etc. etc. Where's the beef? Muckraking journalist working for the yellow press, the all knowing prophets of the Evangelical Temple of Benevolent Government!

Lie'n Ryan!  DOA Bill.

So are we any closer to a balanced budget

America is headed into default and both Bohenor and Obama sez' we don't have a debt problem.  Maybe the real problem is the high paid turds in Washington that suck on the public tit need to work for $10/hr for awhile..

it isn't Obama to blame M.R

Ryan looks like Frenchman.

GOP House members are looking for handouts.

so we are being treatened again with another government shut-down. I say SHUT IT ALL DOWN AND send everyone home until they are willing to work together and get something done beside bellyacking.

America this is your presidents  fault to put hard working americans out of work while giving billions in foreign aid to countries that could care less about us.we have the enemy within.america wake up

All democrats can do is spend.Proof that the decision makers are dumfounded!!! they are not in touch with the American people and don't give a hoot about anything but their paychecks. Shut the federal government down and let the states regulate themselves! this has proven a complete waste!

"Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs"Hmmm...  Let's see.  60 million divided by 418 jobs equals $143,540.  So how exactly would the $60 million he is asking for not put a dent in the layoffs?  I for one would happily work for 143K per year.

This is a surprise... ratpublicans voting against... anything. They are the party of NO, the party of hate, blockage and senseless opposition... they work for tax cuts for friends and families, but the burden on whatever they left of the middle class, the elderly and the students.And they want to win an election... what a useless bunch of out of touch crazies.

I hope the congressmen and senators are willing to take days without pay as the rest of their countrymen are going to have to do.  I am sure it will not affect them as hard as the rest of the middle and lower classes of America.

wow, finally harry reid got off the dime, lets hope it doesnt end in short changing us in the end. we need to end all the giveaways to countries around the world. the most bizarre example was 25 million to morroco to teach them how to make pottery, now what the hell is that about. we cant keep the peoples house open, but we can give 25 million to teach someone how to make pottery.

The problem is the congress does not represent the people.  Gerrymandering and safe districts are the problem, the same crud get reelected.

who is responsible for the debt, wake up people it is both parties, they talk one message then do another. do any of the so called cuts afect them, hell no. who is the government, these morons, i am not spending beyond my means, are you , it's these idoits, and they seem to want to blame everything on the government, they are the government. both parties are the problem.

neither party wants to cut "their" programs. The problem is the lobbying groups in DC. Congress doesn't work for us. If special interests weren't involved, both parties would compromise despite their differences.   Why are we spending money all over the world?

EFF REPUBLICANS, they don't want any new taxes, they can eat those "home state" problems, they are NOT entitled to have their DISTRICTS / STATES "protected" from cuts that they have demanded.  Let them go home and face their ELECTORATE that are none too happy, works for me BIG TIME.

a few simple suggestions to raise more revenue, repeal all tax credit programs based on part time min wage employment instead give tax incentives based on the percentage of full time employees working for major corporations , give tax breaks to corporations that bring at least sixty percent of their manufacturing operations back into the country , create a tax penalty system for those companies with less than forty percent of their manufacturing in country, result more jobs higher wages more tax revenueall's I wanna do is protect my own little #$%$.... they all act the same.

Always cut that bottom line first.  The people should suffer before the higherups, right?

Grow industrial hemp!

I guess if we don't agree with the minority where wrong and bullied into thinking we are wrong, such as the ILLEGAL issues of immigration, or the unmoral issues of the homosexual decisions people make and force down our throats to accept, As well as all our tax money supporting other countries prior to our own citizens. The Democratic Party needs to get real and support the people that put them in office the labor force, and quit listening to the lobbyists of all those special interests groups. Oh that’s right we the people down have lobbyists with big money.

Our financial legs are severed and all Congress offer to stop the bleeding is another band-aide.

Just an observation...But Why is Paul Ryan losing his lips?

Red states are the takers and the blue states are the makers. Here's a fact for ya. 9 out of the 10 poorest and least educated states are the most conservative. Is it any wonder Bobby Jindal called it the party of the stupid.

The system is designed to be used and anyone who doesn't is foolish.  You can't change the rules until there is an advantage to be gained by those who would make the changes.  See you in the food stamp line after I get back from the free clinic.

If Congress would only shut down the subsidies and tax breaks (some going back almost 100 years) for the oil companies, the government would be collecting several billion in income taxes -AND- approximately 4 billion in subsidies to the industry.  (( we keep paying THEM while they are making nearly a billion a month or more!!! ))Seems with several billion (per year) available just in cutting off the oil giveaway, we could fund practically all of those 'little projects' everyone seems to be whining about now.

Tea plants grow way too high where Republicans gather. Republicans need to find their way out of the Tea Plants.Read about reality on the National Review Online website by checking: "Hispanic Polling on small versus large government"i can not belive the gop went along with this--they just a dirty as the demos.we will never learn-the pres can buy the gop a meal  and lie to them and they agree to all he wonts.i say fire them all and start over.

Those like to take money away from Grandpa or grand ma and do not loose sleep at all. They are the kind of self called mavrick. who do not have f foggiest idea about life ,, and are group of easy money memeber club.           and becomeing rich at cost of middle class sweat to give more money to less than 1%......Time is changing .. never know when REVOLUTION Start like in France and elsewhere.......

When will senators of both parties have the political courage to eliminate the filibuster.  Will one of its defenders please point out where in the Constitution it requires more than a simple majority to pass ordinary legislation.

This is what i don't get about "contractors"... lets read then do some quick math:"Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs."$60mil would "barely make a dent" in the layoffs...  So you are saying... that $60,000,000/418 = $143,540 per person wouldn't be enough to "shore up" accounts specifically used for salary.  Sounds to me that there is some highway robbery going on in the "private contractor" field.

Back the clock up 4 years and set the budget! No soft money loans to corp America. Pipeline, rail heads and corn futures.

its time to give the power of the vote back to the people every congressmen has to ware boots to keep his shoes from filling up with the BS

why not start with the congress,, cut there pay across the board 20%,,, only paid for the days they are there working,,, NO LOBBYIST MONEY, NO INSIDER TRADING.  NO RETIRIMENT,,if you want to serve,,,service,,, when your done leave........

um what cuts? this is still not a cut they get a increase in budget every year, they only cut the increase, which means technically speaking no one should have been furloughed or laid off that is currently in government. oh and if no one else noticed its title says spending not cuts.

they just aren't serious on cutting spending much on either side-they all have their pet projects-what a bunch of bums

The President's decision (in yet another Charlie Brown and the football move with GOP) to ignore climate change dooms this Presidency to "who cares" status. Beyond that - climate change will cost us 10 to 100 TIMES as much as our bloated military and the supposedly unfunded entitlements COMBINED - we are doomed by our inability to face facts or plan beyond the next quarter or GOP manufactured crisis. This is all distraction - dealing with the climate is the ONLY issue that matters beyond the current 24 hour news cycle.iam a registered republican but i will never vote for any republican in office again.Sure save the well off from not paying the tax rate that was imposed under President Clinton and lay off millions of lower middle class workers like those who care and supervisor the disabled population in this country so that, the rich can continue too have their 5 homes and expensive cars and boats while the hard working middle class in this country lose their jobs and then their homes.I voted for President Obama and now i know i made the right decision.

Dan.   There are NO plans to cut SS for any current recipients and I am one. The changes are being proposed so it stays that way.  Yes the younger ones will have to wait a little longer and possibly pay a little more, but Grandma ain't losing anything.

Get your money out of the banks.  The plan is to confiscate your savings like they did in Cyprus to day.  Not now but within a couple of years.   Have cash on hand for 6-8 months.  Should be in precious metals.  I have mine and have had for a couple of years.   If put being a democrate or republican aside and take a close personal look what is it that bothers you the most about what is going on.

Wait I thought the fox news morons and their followers were saying the cuts didn't amount to anything, that they were being over done.

Gee the Republicans got their hands taken out of the government cookie jar   what hypocrites wanting money for their states even tho they hate the government   they do not even like their own draconian measures  it is all right for the rest of us but not them  THEY LOSE

Thanks to us they do what they feel like.

Beady eyed fool.

Any plan that does not balance the budget eventually is a sham

Something is WRONG in Washington.Why is the Federal government having so much difficulty cutting 5% off domestic programs and 8% off military programs.  These amounts are TRIVIAL compared to the amount that really needs to be cut.

Actually the control towers to be closed are privately run with contract controllers. They are losing the FAA subsidy in the sequester forcing their closure.We have not run up a huge deficit from overspending.  We have run up a huge deficit by continually cutting taxes over the past 30 years.  It doesn't take a lot of brains to figure out you can't maintain the same quality of life with only a fraction of the income.

seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all these things shall be added unto you! your Father knows ye have need of these things!

When are the printing presses going to stop printing money for failed Wall Street firms, banks, and Industry, and when are the Elites going to pay real taxes ? Since most of their taxes are from dividents and capital gains they pay a measly 20%.We have the lowest tax rates by far of any developed coutntry, Taxes for the Ultra-rich have been reduced by a factor of two in the last 30 years. No wander the government has no money. And funds for well fare and food stamps are just a fraction of the 'Quantitative Easing" for the Elites (nice ring to that  "Quatnitative Easing- sophisticated ! Sort of like "Final Slution").We can start by voting out ALL the Republicans out of Government. We started in 2012. We will finish in 2014. Then we will start working on the "Democrats".............

awww, poor repuklican kerry moran of kansas doesnt have money to keep air traffic controllers on the job in his state.should have thought of that before u let the sequester kick in, u stupid ****!as for laying off some food inspectors, i say go for it.so what if we have no meat for a few weeks.lord knows all these obese americans could stand to lose some weight.and yes i am one of them, but i have been exercising and dieting and have been losing weight so yeah me!

It's okay for state legislatures and governors ran by Repukelicans who shut out unions and Democrats when they were discussing right-to-work and CBA's.  But when the tables are turned all of sudden there is outrage?  Typical Repukelican hypocrisy!

President Obama has single handedly killed Osama Bin Laden and the Republican party all in the same term.May god bless him!

These days the public onion is that a good Republican politician is a dead Republican poltician (or at least one that is out of office). The truth is slowly sinking  into the  multi-colored heads of the pretty naive American electorate.

Ryan looks like he is about ready to have a Boehner bawling jag in defeat,

The Republicans have driven up the national debt under Bush and now want to starve the beast so that their rich donors can further pillage our resources and national environment.  Today 62 cents of every dollar go to the wealthiest in america.  Through their tax cuts and tax loopholes the tax load on the wealthiest americans have allowed them to increase their net worth by over 345 per cent over the past 30 years.  Now did this happen in a vacuum or was it a very well conceived plan.  Grover Norquist and his americans for tax reform  won't tell us who is donors are.  Why? because they are the same people who are increasing their wealth exponentially.  Hedge fund managers getting billion dollar bonuses and paying 15 per cent.  G E the largest corportion in the world pays no taxes and in fact gets a refund. It is no wonder we can't fix our roads or bridges.

The Paul Ryan budget makes no sense.  How did he ever get the reputation for being some kind of financial whiz kid?  Even I could write a government budget if I didn't have to spell out exactly what cuts were going to be made.  It is an imaginary budget.CPAC = Crazy PACStarring Sarah Palin

if Obama had his way the poor and the middle class would be dead.he can care less about us .just look who he hangs out with and party with.go take a look at all the people that he has put in office under him they are all rich.take a look in see how rich Obama is now after 4 years of. being in office.and he is asking for more money.why we are losing everything we have

Great picture of Paul Ryan, pondering how he can screw the middle class even more !!!

is there anything on the table that does a worse disservice to the american people than paul ryan's budget.  are he and the republican party so out of touch that they think everyone is drinking the same kool aid that the 23% republican die hards are?

Keeping meat inspectors is a small concern? I guess if you don't care about E.coli

The Republicans are trying to preserve the Republic while the democrats are squandering it away!!!!!!!!!  Guess how much we could save if America would get the illegal invaders alone  off of the dole?   geeeeezzzzzzzzzz!

Amazing to read about republican congressmen moaning about how spending cuts could hurt the economy. I thought spending cuts were necessary for our economy to grow, isn't that what republicans have been saying all along?

Paul ryan--your a F----- C---.

H R 938 in Congress now will exempt all aid to Israel from any form of sequester.  It's nice to be the king.

Notice how the scare tactics are wanning?  From this article does anyone understand the status of the 2013 budget, sequestration, furloughs, and the budget deficit impacts...bits and pieces, what a deal?Why doesn't the article spell out that the Ryan budget will liquidate Social Security and Medicare as we know it and turn it into profit privatized driven vouchers, which our seniours will find hard to handle not just from a financial, but from a purely beureacratic point of view. Theres are SENIORS. They are TIRED. They have worked HARD all their lives. They need somehting rough and SIMPLE, not tons of paper work and reduced benefits in the hands of Wall Street Gangsters (with a capital G).

The picture above shows Eddie Paul Ryan-Munster waiting for no one to look at him so he could pick his nose and eat it.

The US government should cut off all funding to white supremacist terrorist Red Confederate treasonous traitor states who vote for Al RepubliKKKaeda GOP enemies of America.

Republicans used their leverage to block help for health and consumer protection because they hate ordinary Americans.

Did everyone read the article about how the Republican party has a 54% unfavorable rating. Even in the south that can't break 45%!Dead tea bags walking!

432 house reps at 174,000/yrspeaker of the house 223,000majority lead 193400minority lead 193,400total= 74,211,80098 senators at 174,000/yrmajority lead 193,400minority lead 193,400total= 17,438,800535 federal legislative members make $91,650,600 every year.or paid a minimum wage of $7.25 an hour:535 members at 15,080 a yeartotal= 8,067,800.US annual budget savings of $83,582,800.  You're welcome.

This is outlandish that Yahoo distributes propoganda like this.  Tax increases were not mentioned untill the last line nor the fact that no spending cuts would be implemented.  While trying to make the bill sound bipartisan.  Yahoo is a democrat mouthpiece

Paul Ryan wants to take away your Social Security Insurance to increase defense spending on every single type of weapon the Pentagon can dream up.

It's a proper title "SPENDING BILL". when are they going to come up with a have a saving money bill???

When can we talk about talk about cutting some of the money that goes to the people that refuse to work?  Gettin really tired of the 1.028 trillion dollar per year elephant in the room not being addressed.Sorry democrats, but those votes you are paying for with our tax dollars have to be trimmed at some point.Israel is NOT the same as Egypt, Syria, Libya. Afghanistan or Pakistan.....Those countries would send their terrorists to slash our throats.....They are enemies of the USA,Israel is our ally....google;Mayflower Compact - History - AllAboutHistoryRead#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826), third U.S. President, chosen to write the Declaration of Independence, said: "I have little doubt that the whole country will soon be rallied to the unity of our Creator, and, I hope, to the pure doctrines of Jesus also." He proclaimed that it was the God of the Bible who founded America in his 1805 inaugural address: "I shall need, too, the favor of that Being in whose hands we are, who led our forefathers,#$%$ as Israel of old, from their native land and planted them in this country." #$%$*

Government shutdown? How can you tell?

Notice soemthing? The only thing the so-called fiscal conservatives are really upset about is they didn't get to tack on millions in pork-barrel spending.Of cousre, that shouldn't surprise anyone. They are the ones who started the whole defiict spending binge 12 years ago. They are about as "conservative" about spending as a sailor on shore leave.

When will the media stop their infatuation with Ryan and do the math that exposes his budget as a Fraud and a propaganda document? Never, that will make the media real.

Another quick fix: just like drug junkies. We are doomed as the Lord has said by our own acitons with promoting abortion, homosexuals, fornication, unbridled spending, graft, hate for christians, disrespect for parents and elders and authority lol, taking on the gods and beliefs of other cults etc.

We Americans are giving money to Pakistan so they can purchase Chinese weapons.  Why should we give dollars to the rest of the world when potholes go unrepaired in my community?

I think it is important to remember that the money shortages were largely inherited from former presidents who preferred "boots on the ground warfare"..  Many honorable US soldiers were injured in the Iraq and Afganistan conflicts.  They require a lot of financial support--and fully deserve all support possible.  Now days we are smarter.  For example--its more drones in the air that are winning.  The enemy dreads our drones--sort of like a hidden plague from the sky.  In conclusion, it is smart to be smart--like president Obama and our very honorable military generals are.  At the same time its pay-off time--nothing is free.

More smoke and mirrors. Not attempting to, but scaring the #$%$ out of people who do not pay attention to whats going on in our capitol. Now republicans have joined in, using the same tactics. Pathtic. How dare you, Roy Blunt, you are a sellout.

Democrats....fan out across your districts, make friends with Republicans, let them see how responsible debates are conducted, invite them to your Town Committee meetings, show them they are welcome to voice their opinions, listen to them, It works!

The GOP lied us into a war, bank cheats, and wall st, have us put us into this debt but we can't tax the rich guys that profited?  WHAT a bunch of foxsnot propaganda.You see the people don't understand how Obama used the Sequester  to his advantage .  Start over at the beginning .  The necessary spending will be reinstate for state to operate .If not the GOP will be Responsible for voting no on that part of the Bill .  The entitlements , that were in place from before and cut now .  If reinstated  it  would be extra spending on the GOP behalf .  .Once again who would be spending and not making the Necessary the GOP   cuts.  Also forcing the decision in a  timely manor  before the sequester cuts start taking effect .  If not who would be the blame, again GOP for not coming to a decision.  They would be holding the state a mercy , for the entitlement they want more spending .

Bring it back to the House, the only part of DC that is working. Rabid reid and the senate can't get anything worthwhile done!

We're so screwed, the only solution is to move somewhere else while you still can.  Where that somewhere is, I haven't figured out yet.

Why does the picture of Ryan look like he is at a Funeral ?  Is it perhaps because he is preparing for the 2014 funeral of the Republican Party ? It's not a moment too soon, Ryan.Prepare, prepare, and prepare !

You are all willing dependents of your government master. Wait until your master asks you this question. Your guns or your social security check? I can hear the sounds of arms hitting the floor.But your not dependent.

hey why,seem republicans begging for money

$57 Billion for foreign aid will not be cut even if it kills us. Veteran's will lose TRICARE Prime on Oct. 1st. but who cares? Not our politicians.

When you put your kid(s) to bed each night, smile at them and say that you have elected people that has put them in debt $52,000+ and you love them.

close the damn loopholes... these companies make billions while I'm in student debt. Why should they pay no taxes because of loopholes.

White House Tours and Pork belly is much more important that the survival of our country.What a photo. Ryan got so much money from Social Security and Medicaid and he wants to kill both programs. That's why you can't trust White, Repubilcan Males.

The picture says it all "I've told so many damn lies I can't keep it with them"

If we cant cut 44 bil out of this years budget then we are already doomed.  The government is playing this to the hilt, pack it in America we are already done..

Don't worry about that blemish, Ryan, we can't see that side of you......(ahem)

Ryan still won't admit he lost the election, he is still delusional.

So Sad!. a fifteen page app for OBUMMER CARE! Good job Republicans!, in denying the white house the 1 billion dollars to set up exchanges for his useless insurance. The Gop should make a law that mandates filling out the app for OBUMMER CARE on your own. what a joke

wait a minute...republicans voted are up for budget cuts but not to any cuts to their home states projects and things that affects their constituents? they cant be serious.

Lyin Ryan looks like he is deep contemplation about picking his nose! If he does pick that honker when he pulls out the finger his head will collapse!

Paul Ryan is a joke. Boehner too. Always trying to cram the will of a few down the throats  of the masses.

Ryan spends his days farting around, looking in the mirror, and watching gay porn. Typical Repuke.The middle class is going down

I won't be happy until I see a spending bill passes that changes my Social Security benefits and Medicare benefits into a voucher system that is connected to Wall Street.  I trust the bankers and I trust Paul Ryan

The most ineffective house of representatives ever, with an abysmal approval rating, is mostly republican....... interesting.

Hay hay hay , MY fellow republican,, we are abondining you because we wanted to get electred and we do not wish to be branded as for less than1% any more,, WE do not wish to loose benefit as elected official any more,, nor we want public thow us out for life from our political carrier.. WE can not fool any more American people , WE are blessed voting with democrate as well. America toght us America first not party of GOP as first..   They also tought do not belive fake claim once used by  other nation to go on war for mass destruction chemical.. WE are fooled by that and those nation and our Reoblican president and clown Channy,, Our my and yours young man life was sacrifice on whim of Bush  and his VP.... NO more war no matter who is for ,, no war help in anyway..GOD Blless my amrican borthwers and sisters (young men and women in army). and LORD Bless A merica  forever ,, AMEN

Don't you just love these #$%$? How about this. Ryan and his ilk gets paid $174,00 per year, McConnell gets 224,000 and Boehner gets 224,000 all on the taxpayer dime, but every one else on social security retirement are moochers. Hmm I say it is time to end these freaking moochers gravy train. Why should these #$%$ get paid like this off the taxpayer dollar? All Repugnants and Demoncrats should be paid minimum wage. The Repugs do not want to vote to raise the minimum wage, then these sons of a #$%$ should live like the rest of us, pay check to pay check.

Spend, spend,spend, that's all they can do in DC.

Time to turn out the lights on the Republican party!

How about a vote of 'No Confidence' and hit the reset button.

Who needs air traffic controllers when you have god (small g intentional, and so is the sarcasm)?

SHUT IT ALL DOWN! END THE FED GUBBAMINT!When will this fool Paul Ryan be tried for Treason along with the rest of the Koch Bros conspirators to undermine the economic health of the U.S.A.?

Don't you just love politics...............Sequester the molester is good for the country....WAIT, not in my back yard. IDIOT politicians, finally figured out that Omar the tent maker working for us in BagDad on the taxpayer dime doesn't vote. Stay tuned this isn't over.

with all thats happening we are not out of the woods when it comes to racial tentions there is another incident in mississippi. is this pile of garage that is mississippi going back to 1860? is this a return to jim crow? is this what donald trump was talking about. you have to read between the lines when any of these racist talk. especially on faux so called news. keep you eyes open. we might end up rioting !

Bend over and let Ole Barry stick it to your nether regions.

It's quite simple. No and I mean no foreign aide to anybody.  Let them make due by themselves.Enough of helping poor countries.STOP NOW

Most of you slow heads don't realize Obamacare costs will compete with SS and Medicare and now your payments are NOT covering their cost either

Sorry, the food plants being shut down for a whole 2 weeks seems like a small price to pay.Lovin' the sequester. We need more of these.

And what does it do for furloughs to federal employees?

"Thats Better", can't stand that Whinny Voice!!!!

' The Thinker 'I see numb nuts picture and will not even read the story.

I will attempt to keep this comment at a level that the average Fox watching/Rush listening imbecile can understand:YOU LOST...and Paul Ryan is an idiot.

Our budget is easy to understand if we remove 7 zero's. Income: $35,000, Spending: $65,000, credit card debt: $1,700,000. Does continuing this make sense to you??? We have a spending problem.

Smug union buster.  I hope he dies soon.

Unless your in the top 1% income you are a fool to follow Ryan and the old time repubelican plans.

I have this sinking suspicion that the sequestration will fail, there will be no cuts in anything and the debt will continue to snowball.

The first step to correcting the gridlock in Washington is rather simple...proctologists.  Send a hundred proctologists to Capital Hill so they can pull our politicians heads out of their respective #$%$.  Clear vision of what this country really needs will then be easier.Nuff said.

"The measure would prevent a government shutdown at the end of the month when funding for the day-to-day operations of every Cabinet department expires."  Here's a better plan: Do nothing. Let every cabinet department close. Save trillions of dollars. Debt crisis solved.

Will someone please SUE to stop the fillibusters. Our country was founded on and is reliant on "Majority Rule". Republicans are attempting to subvert our election process with "Minority Rule". This is not what "We the People" voted for. Democrats in 2016!

NO Bill, described as a "catchall", could possibly be good news, for a Tax-Payer...!!!now thats embarrassing, paul ryan was caught on camera picking his boogers

Do you actually think we believe this? Really, another media hype. I am so sick of the lies being told. You time for parties, vacations, more then any other president, you spend way to much on personal stuff, which is the public money you are spending. Have the audacity to claim you are helping us, the American people. Sir what is your major malfunction!!! you have to discuss gun laws, when you haven't figured out how to fix the budget. take away guns, we cannot fight back against you, that makes you a dictator, not a president. I furthermore hate the press, because they lie, and should be held accountable, just like you want us to be. Don't get up lie, write, and gossip. We put them in office and we can take them out. I say before this gets any farther, lets impeach him, boot his butt out of office, along with Biden and all the ones going to retire after all this. Superior Court Judges bought off , should be fired and accountable as well. Come on!  Save our ammo, just impeach the them. Really, and with them the writers who help perpetuate this problem.

Paul Ryan (Eddie Munster). Has huge ears, a huge nose and no lips. Never trust a person with those features.

At this pace, Obama will bankrupt the USA, intentially.

This is a major mistake.

What a bunch of loser bums!  Lets get rid of them all....Obummer first.  Most divisive, no nothing pos president ever!!

Keep ryan out of any talks he is an empty suit.

If ryan runs for pres again I'll vote for hillary........it's time for repubs to grow some nads........the gov agencies could be cut by 10 percent and still be oversatffed...........the american people that keep putting liberal dems in office must all dream of all the free stufff just wait to be had.......if you work for a living and you vote dem there is something definitely wrong with you.......

Ryan looks unhappy in the picture. We will have a happier House majoirty leader in 2014. Who needs a sour face like that ?

Great unbiased picture, Yahoo.Why dont we shutb own the mexicans and stop taxing the fk out of us

Too Bad they won't pass any type of Bill to STOP their Raises/Bonus's/their Medical, Etc... until the Budget is Balanced!! And STOP giving other Country's Millions of Dollars!! Too bad the America no longer comes 1st to Any of them!! Too bad they think giving the American People's hard earned money to millions of Illegals who have paid NOTHING into it and WE THE PEOPLE have NO say in it!!? It's a DISGRACE to the American People!! They ALL need to be FIRED. Too bad they really do NOT care about anything to BALANCE OUR "NOW" 16 TRILLION BUDGET!!!! SHAME ON ALL OF THEM!! It just equals nothing but a HUGE B!t ch Slap to the American People. It's just WRONG!!

Too bad we can't rate these folks like ordinary employees.  If we could some would lose their position, which appears to be all they care about.  They fail in their duties and still earn a hefty retirement. I am so tired of their foolishness.  But I still have hope that those that truly care about this country will break out of the "group mindset" and do what is right.  I continue to pray for our leadership.RATING THIS PERIODTechnical Competence       "Failed"Doing work right/on timeSound judgementAdaptability and Initiative     "Failed"Adjusting to change - situations/peopleTrying new thingsSeeking self-developmentWorking Relationships and Communications   "Failed"Supporting teamRespecting othersListening/understandingResponsibility and Dependability      "Failed"Dependable/reliable

al carajo con los republicanos

Sen Dem want cuts of $600 Billion to reduce the amount of money that will still be added to the Federal deficit. That equal $60 Billion in cuts a year, chump change that is way less than than the annual debt added to the National Debt. That will bring us right back to raising the debt ceiling. Maybe our elected officials should take a look at how the Banks in Greece will be taking money from depositors accounts to cut their deficit that was ignored for so long.

Bring the troops home from around the world........Close 50 % of ALL  U. S.foreign military facilities ..........CUT FOREIGN AID  !!!!!!!!!

America will beat China in the long run and why? were not Communist or Socialist like the Republicans believe because it's all fine and dandy when your economy is growing, but Communist nations when they experience a bust like we do in 1929, or in 2008 guess what those Communist and socialist nations don't do Republicans? they don't take care of their citizens with government aid and leave those Chinese citizens out of work because they're just viewed as property and they don't try to get those people back to work like the American system does. The American system has beaten every other country for that reason because our government cares about people and when they fall, we try to get them back up and believe me, there will be a crash in China at some point and you'll see why Communism can't beat out good old-fashioned American capitalism. Put It This Way, Republicans there can be no capitalism without the rule of law and China has neither. So every Republican and Democrat are Keynesians in the fact that when the people suffer in our government. We usually propose bills to help those people and it's not the same way in China because once they lose their job..They don't have Social Security or Medicare or any unemployment benefits and communism is destined to fail because without the rule of law . Your system will all ultimately fail to beat America.

Ryan, Boehner,President Obama,"THE USA does NOT have an immediate DEBT CRISIS"  Poof , there goes the Right Wing Nut Job argument. PAUL KRUGMAN WAS RIGHT all ALONG.

When was the last time a politician was concerned about what a food inspector was doing. They don't like it when their pork gets cut, but they are all for cutting everywhere else. Disgusting. Expect this kind of thing from 5 year olds.

Ha, how about that.  Looked like someone finally blinked, interesting it was them again.Repuklicans complaining that they couldn't pad this bill with pork?   Yeah, SPENDING is the problem!!!

Ending the war in Afghanistan now will save $300 million a week.  Impose a 1% Wall St. sales tax.  Half the money raised goes to the states and the cities, half goes to the federal government. Deficit solved. Even the Tea Party could support this.

Paul Ryan: "hmm how am i going to boollshit my way out of this one"

we elect them and corporations buy them.the people of america should become a corporation,and then we buy em back

Of course they don't want a government shutdown, as that means that they wouldn't get paid. It's amazing how fast things get done in Washington when you start taking money out of the pockets of the politicians.

All the folks who are losing pay will now be 'low-income' only to turn and need to have some type of government aid.. but I worked hard, I don't ever want to depend on the government to feed my family.. this is so sad..Its like we are being punished for working hard and having a education - instead we could have just been lazy and sucked off the government..

Funny, when it's their state being axed from the budget cuts, the GOP starts crying, but when it's any one else? It's a good thing. Nice guys, keep that up. Your local corporate overlords will start paying more super PAC money to the other candidates.

Is Lyin Ryan picking his nose?

GOP saying Sequester is very Small part of the budget is like saying lets get rid of this airplane part because it's small and it doesn't cost much as compared to the cost of the plane.

Looks like Paul has a new hobby he's putting on public display. Hang in there bud I'm sure you'll dig out a really good booger if you keep at it long enough.Our elected officials disgust me.

You want air traffic controllers back then give back the subsidies the American people pay to these small airports. Tht needs to stop.

You guys need to give up this us/them mentality.  Ultimately its all about those that serve the 535.  These are the people writing the bills with the senators or congresspeople as the bills cheerleaders.  They only know what there told isn't that obvious.  How many times have they said the bill does this or that only for them to be called out when someone actually read it.  The passage of legislation is based on if someone challenges it or not.  We could throw them all out and start over and other than the name change, all would be the same.  I'm jus sayin..

what americans working in food processing plants? They pay nothing and if e-verify was done there would be no workers. But hey, record profits.

These politicians ALL eat from the same table.

Swine Ryan and his brood in the House. In less than 2 years and you will be relegated to the dust bine (garbage can) of history......

How is this a "full year" spending bill?  It funds the government through Sept 30.  Hmmm March 30 to Sept 30.  One "full" year.

mow correct errors miss spelled words love Paris Hilton

We're all just 21st Serfs and being apathetic is easier than getting up and actually doing something in this country. It's our manifest curse.

Ramon a saucedorepublicarapublican agenda my written speech to try win the love of paris hilton a^ merican here my speech.to; paris hilton much lovei am a business owner my srength is peace –my weakness loveour weak ambitions have trade off truth v interst of command manour weak ambitions have trade off decline in our value as a nationour weak ambitions have trade core value trades truth trade nation dream for, poorly educated easy money now many at now diconnected from my,own interest i don’t care for you those allies now foe i drectly tratended your poorly educated core values i treatend liars for they might argu or full word is aruments fall short her ray saucedo 1 i don’t go along to get along to gang up on 1 any one can knock on my door do/t don’t knock down i sure disruted your agression with presure of same force.now let logic in buisiness world it1 i demand2 you ask how mush for talk of thing look at a value of usa horse3 i might get a reply you make a offer2nd i might inspect horse and seeing a btter horse i might say3 here a sum cause i came and cause you taken time away from your business i 1. Lay sum $ cash 2 l;ay cash plus some other object our 3make offer to exceed and there for effort1 he declines not option any more 1.having heard noting 2 having heard noting now you must pick? This dealsif leaders value there citizens life i sure it  importan  make chose tell no that when this republican call war departmen we take by force  , and make that nation pay us for any lost of lifenow enough of wants look at nation where i sleep eat and where my our military calls home is everything in order the troop expect nation to be in orderare laws offecting men and womenare bankstaking home by way fraudi will correct suchcheaking troopsare police harm publiceare we collecting all money from phone gas natural power gas trash all utility operation are cash central government require to function  money central government ourare we allowning tax collector to run state what there experience wast since they never earn cents that how america got to this level devclinei 1 swiftly attackall states remove all tax collectorsreturn military to 5 base per state with 1 command to i marshal law and restore order removing all police and replacing them with selective person i mean on opervion of quailty of person example business owner civiel police they will not be carrior men seek to bullie rest this postion will be for business owner not school teacher or unployee seeking some power tripi swiftly remove all state justice and replace with military ,men  and women who if they love money they get cought they face fire squade die by gun in amy firing linewhat point law order restect other nation to invest in america keep all there hertage whom are american happy that how freedom take down other triants, prseure ihave flows none but love for women and at this time in my space it (american women  born in new york ) ms .paris hilton have a problem well call say ray saucedo cares taketime , free choice  americans i sure not same  demrats whom want tax collectors with they so call police military hi jerry brown as rest and if debate from governors i welcome any be talk civil or arguments on merits i would but i sure they are as i writ paranoid from such power of might gods which given me su much love thank you once again americam citizens 7:46; 00 03rd /18th/2013thOf course the GOP would look out for the best interest of the elite instead of the poor by denying funds for Healthcare reform and for reforms on Wall Street and the IRS to prevent tax and massive white-collar fraud.  Sure, just allow the Banking giants to continue operating with impunity.  Let them continue to rape, pillage, and plunder another 16 trillion of the middle-class' wealth!Convinced now whose interests the GOP really represents and why we are in this very dire predicament?

The Ten Progressive so called Republicans are not Conservatives....They are Progressives just like Nancy &amp; Harry &amp; McCain &amp; Lindsy .....These people are like the Romans destroying Rome.....

Hi people don,t get a heart attack.The economy will wipeaway all the debt in due time.

stop the aid to egypt most of all and what ever hidden #$%$ in this bill is coming out of yours and my pocket I cant believe all the dumb #$%$ voters that just watch tv and it MUST BE TRUE

Lindsay Lohan got nearly as much print as this article. Seems about right.

Hate is a monster, isn't it.

Same ole, same ole,  Is there one honest person in the bunch? Throw them out and cut their benefits, stand up Americans or give up on America.

ryan looks like he is still pouting because he and mitt lost.

poor Paul he wants to cut the middle class and the poor.

Is Ryan picking his nose in that picture....if so he way past the first knuckle!Leave it to Old Harry Reid.I can't believe that old  guy is still office..He needs to go.Just like his parter Nancy P. can't beive the stuff people from there put them two back in oofice.Well that goes to show how the Dem. and some Rep. sold there vote to get stff they don't need.

I think I saw Ryan's picture too quickly, thought he was picking wayyyy deep his noise!

We will settle socres with this Ryan and his Republican House in 2014......The resounding 2012  Democratic Victory was not the end. It was not even the beginning of the end. It was perhaps the end of the beginning (Winston Churchill, 1944).

man does not live by bread alone but every word of the bible. if this country is to survive we all need to pray to god for our sin's. does not matter how much they do. unless &amp; a old fashion revival comes. this country is no better than the rest of the world. we follow the bible of the new world order. which mean's that all bible prophecy will eventually be full filled. love from a baptist's roger isaac

Try doing the right thing Congress.   End the sequester, compromise and deal with the budget.  Or... find another job!

"Using their leverage, Republicans have denied a White House request for almost $1 billion to help set up state health-care exchanges to implement Obama's health care reform as well as smaller requests for financial regulators to implement the 2010 Dodd-Frank law overhauling regulation of Wall Street and for the Internal Revenue Service to police tax returns." Sounds like the repubs won the election.

If it doesn't pass throw all the worthless, self-serving bums out now!!!

If we can't cut 85 billion out of 16 trillion just ONE TIME, then we are heading to ruin. They just cannot quit spending money. I don't care what they call each other, they are in this together. When it comes to taking money from the taxpayer they have no equal. One day you people are going to the bank and find that your money is gone. Then what are you going to do? Honestly? What will you people do? Can't happen here huh? I bet Cyprus said the exact same thing one year ago.

(I miss, "The Old GOP" before Ronald Reagan)A house divided against itself cannot stand. I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. I do not expect the Union to be dissolved; I do not expect the house to fall; but I do expect that it will cease to be divided. It will become all the one thing or all the other. Either the opponents of slavery will arrest the further spread of it and place it where the public mind shall rest in the belief that it is in course of ultimate extinction, or its advocates will push it forward until it shall become alike lawful in all the states, old as well as new, north as well as south."Abraham Lincoln, June 16, 1858, Address to the Republican Convention

Dose Republicans who joined with Democrats in passing that bill, is in for a big @#$%&amp;.you vote the #$%$ in then you wine  its winer that should be shoot

This seems like some kind of 'reverse pork barrel spending'.Politicians have cut so much that they've forced themselves to give spend what they wanted to, in the 1st place.

think they'll be able to kick the can down the road for four years?

Republicans vote for sequester than want to fund air traffic controlers . Got to keep those private jets running on time

Air Traffic Controllers should Be Paid For by The Airlines Only.....

Air Traffic Controllers should Be paid For by The Airlines.  Each Ticket purchased, has a Small amount Directed for This Funding.  User Tax.  Ever Heard of It?  And, Guess What,  If you Don't Fly, You Don't Pay.....duh

I just find it so stupid the whole argument about "DEBT &amp; DEFICIT".... So US is in DEBT of which country and which CURRENCY.....????? Let me rephrase it..... USA as a country is in DEBT of 16 trillion dollars from FEDERAL BANK of USA.... which prints the US DOLLAR and gives it to USA to use it as credit....!!!????  Am I right???  So if USA will go BANKRUPT and can NOT PAY BACK the 16 trillion US DOLLAR to FEDERAL BANK OF USA..... what will happen....?????  On the other hand the FEDERAL BANK which is controlled by RICH JEWS has full confidence in USA that it will pay back their money thus it keeps on GIVING THEM MORE CREDIT so that USA can use it.... with the MORE DEBT piled on USA the JEWS/ISRAEL can control the USA and US government for their own selfish purpose of KEEPING their OCCUPATION on Palestine....!!!!!  So anyone who is losing their sleep over US DEBT and DEFICIT is simply a MORON.....!!!!

Hey here is a good one the POST OFFICE and probably it's Union are PAYING for TV, Radio,Iternet,News Paper ect, etc advertising $$$$$$$$$$ asking the uninformed (missinformed) people to try and keep SATURDAY delivery .. now if Saturday delivery stops that might be considered a spending cut plus I thought that the Post Office was supposed to be a self sustaining operation not using Tax Dollars .. so why do we have to have Saturday delivery just to get mostly junk mail another day of the week...  We already get 5 day delivery maybe the Post Office could show the rest of Government what a real budget means.  NAHHHH.!!

As long as Egypt gets money to support the muslim brotherhood that seems to be top priority.  STUPID!

A bill CANNOT be bipartisan if one party (Republicans) are offering amendments to the bill.  The writer is an idiot (thus an up east northern liberal Yankee dog Democrat).spending to die all #$%$.

the new n*a*z*i right loves their earmarks

We will bring an end to this poltical Babylon when we throw every one of the Republican House members out into the street in 2014 !  I would like to see these people in the streets..............

When the uninformed or those that seem to not care ever figure out that they are being robbed and lied to by the Establishment Elites (Politicians and support groups) maybe they will realize that there is no golden goose in Government cause Government has NO MONEY just uses our money and only about 50% of us are paying the bill. Here is a real shocker for those of you who support all these Communist ............. There are NO GOVERNMENT SPENDING CUTS not now and don't look like there will be anytime soon.. they just tell you there are the Missinformation Media Lies to you and you believe them.. I challenge anyone to post true Budget Cuts from the Government..  Show em' bring them to light you can't do it...

Talking about demons from HELL!

Congress is too scared to run and too weak to fight, but I DON'T care, cuz it's ALL PSYCHOBABBLE rap to us! If it isn't it SHOULD BE! (thanks to Alan Parsons for the lyrics)

How honorable Republicans preach on deficit reduction, yet ask for money.  At least democrats admit they need the money.

Because of GOP attacks on Government, experienced people are leaving. GOP want government to be inefficient so they can get away with more stuff (e.g. Bad drugs, food, products, stock rip-off).

It sounds like a one year stale mate the republican's just saved raising taxes on Billionaires

The zombies are coming.............they will rise and attack the living..........there will be no place to hide.............All ho's with big boobs and hot  T   @    A     T   S......are free to stay with me in my love tunnel....aka  fall out shelter............No Fat Ho;s allowed................This is a sign from God...warning us to get things right..........God is telling us that the devil lives among us..........The end is near.........The zombie are gathering their armies and they will attack soon...........Get your loved ones and go west, to the the less populated mountains...it is your only chance for survival............

looks like the red party hasth squandered away another golden goose's gift.

"Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., is pressing to shore up accounts funding the salaries for contractors at Army facilities like the Tobyhanna Army Depot, which plans to lay off 418 civilian contract employees in the coming weeks, though the $60 million he's proposing to add would barely make a dent in the layoffs."Just wondering how $60 million cannot avoid the layoffs of 418 people. $60,000,000 / 418 = $143,540 per worker. Where do I sign up for this job?

So, "...sweating the small stuff like keeping meat inspectors on the job, preventing furloughs at rural airports, and trying to ease layoffs at Army depots..." is supposed to be bad?

When did 60 votes become necessary. republicans are so unreasonable.

Free boob and    T     @     A    T      inspections............55-year-old hispanic doctor........call for your free appointment.............Please no fat ho's..............

What a rediculous farce

If they don't finish the job we should all make sure they lose their soft jobs and actually have to work for a living.

They make me sick! I'm tied of reading about their #$%$'''''''''-ups. Someone who gets a guarateed salary by working or not working. I wish the hell i can get a job and when i quit or get fired i still get a great salary. We the peoples needs to get mad now. They spending to much money in the wrong places. Stop giving to our enemies. After the vietnam war we did find getting back-up on our feets. Thats why it makes me mad as #$%$ hell when they say how great reagan was. We went down to hell under him, the wars started back, gas up, food up, housing prices up, all because him and all the republicans took the caps off of #$%$. They relaxes the rules to all big-companys and they all being taking the litlle peoples money every since.. All the republicans is in serious serious jeopardy of losing their party. And what is so sad is they don't even realize it. And by the time they do, it will be to lateeeeeeeeeeeee!

"hey whiz kid non-veteran boy here is the state of the union boy:living in america with home-alarms and living in america with weed on you or me as a felony has made americans hate each other and whiz kid when #$%$ and dikes got rights even though they are wrong was one of the worst days in american history and u as a non-veteran getting to call shots without buying booze shots is a disgrace and one other thing boy:go get watts and heath shuler and feinstein and boxer and rove and all of u non-veteran thugs serve your time or go back to Europe where u belong!"Kevin Michael FergusonUS ARMY Veteran-Veteran against those that lust for power that want a pension and those that never want to serve-Another feeble attempt at curing our nations debt problem by slowing the rate of growth instead of actually reducing our debt.

How about we cut our military budget. It takes up 40% of the ENTIRE WORLD'S  military budget. I suggest we put our military budget on a scale. We have a budget 50% greater than the world's 2nd largest military budget. That way we still have the largest and most advanced military, but not by a budget greater by about 490%.

way to go rep. , look like your all bunch demo to me

passing laws they don't want to follow.. now that is what i call smart...

Ryan = wally clever

The bipartisan Super Committee created the sequester scenario. Congress dealt the the debt ceiling sorta. It left the secastration on the vine to ripen awhile.

the top "wonk" and budget tutor, can't balance the budget without "borrowing" from obamacre that he wants to repeal? mr. "wonk", you can't have it both ways.

In the private sector when times are tough they have meeting with managers where you go around the table and tell your boss everybody who works for you, what they do, and why you can't let them go.  Nobody likes it but guess what;  those left work a little bit harder and a lot smarter and you get the job done more efficiently.  With the government,  jobs are there for life whether you need them or not.  Congress is the worst with their bloated staffs that take care of Congressmen and Senators.

Ok. So let's do it again. If u make a dollar and then u spend two dollars what happens? Oh yeah! U end up end in debt. So what normal people think and say...dont  spend two dollars when u only have one!!! But geez I only think of tomorrow. I don't have the luxury of being a democrat or a liberal democrat. Sorry. I work for every penny I have and don't ask the government to help. So know what that means? They don't care what I say. I am not a drone that just readily agrees so that u can get my handout. I am not socialist/communist ready. God bless America and God bless all of us while we go through this.

He reminds me of "Mel" the actor who has very biased out of touch opinions !A resounding defeat to the Republican Party in 2012 - Done.A crushing defeat to the Republican Party in 2014 - TBD (To Be Done)Yhe ANNIHILATION of the Republican Party in 2012 - Hillary Clinton

Republiteatards are toast in midterm elections.... obstruction shall end, suckers!

But keep it up, I will take another democrat for 2016, if the GOP had a brain in that hate head, since OBAMA is president, and has his 2 terms, yet palin to talks trash about reality shows when she was paid 250,000 per episode of Palins Alaska which is a reality show, such hypocrits, but despite you few numbnuts, if OBAMA was so hated, why did he beat your GOP BAD&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;if the gop had a brain, they would be working with the president so they would have more to run on then just bashing obama, the GOP has NOTHING to campaign on.  they just keep beating the same dead horse and for WHAT, Obama IS PRESIDENT and will serve his 8 yrs.  so bashing him is pointless, but the GOP have nothing so that is all they can do is the same #$%$ from four years ago, which LOST THEM THE ELECTION,  OBAMA IS PRESIDENT, AND WILL LEAVE AFTER HIS 2ND TERM, WHAT GOOD IS ALL THIS BASHING, OBAMA DONT CARE, HELL HE WILL FINISH HIS TERM ALL THIS MEANS NOTHING TO OBAMA, BUT THE GOP IS ONLY HURTING THEMSELVES, AS THEY DO NOTHING FOR THE COUNTRY EXCEPT BASH A MAN WHO DOESNT CARE, WHEN HE FINISHES HIS TERM HE IS DONE, ALL THIS CONTINUAL BASHING DOES NOTHING BUT SHOW THEY HAVE NOTHING KNEW TO OFFER.  AND IT DID NOT WORK THIS TIME CLEARLY AS HE IS STILL PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, YET WHEN IT COMES TO 2016 AND THE DEMOCRATS CAN SAY ALL THEY TRIED TO DO BUT THE GOP WAS TO BUSY ATTACKING A MAN WHO DOESNT CARE, HE IS PRESIDENT AND WONT BE RUNNING AGAIN, THE GOP IS JUST HANDING THE PRESIDENCY TO THE DEMOCRATS IN 2016.  IF THERE BASHING DIDNT WORK AND HE WON, IT WONT WORK IN 2016 AND THEY HAVE DONE NOTHING ELSE, I AM BEGINNING TO THINK THE GOP DOES NOT WANT THE PRESIDENCY AS WITH ALL THEIR TRASH THAT IS HOW OBAMA WON.  BUT THEN I UNDERSTAND THE GOP HAS NOTHING ELSE TO OFFER, OTHER THAN INSULTS AND HATE,  SO THEY WILL LOOSE AGAIN, ALL YOU ON HERE REMEMBER OBAMA WON !!!!!!@@ AND GOP IS JUST SEALING THE DEAL FOR THE DEMS IN 2016.  SO KEEP IT UP, WE DEMOCRATS LOVE YOUR IGNORANCE, LOL, LMAO....

WOW...that pic of Paul Ryan...looks like he lost again....He knew he wasnt going to be VP...thats why he kept his job as Rep of Wis....LMFAO!!!

The GOP has held 35 ceremonial votes to repeal Obamacare that they KNEW would never pass a Presidential veto.Last month, Mitch McConnell filibustered his OWN proposal.Rand Paul filibusters a nomination that he knows will be confirmed.But, you know, they are focused on jobs and carefully watching how our tax dollars are spent.

In other news, Cyprus Politicians are robbing the money from it's people.... Directly from it's Banks...... COMING TO A NEIGHBORHOOD NEAR YOU!!!

Paul Ryan comenserate looser. America has demanded a real budget not corporate Wellfare.Republicans need to step into the present. Thanks to the Senate.

Note to those 63 Senators: FAILURE. Expect to lose your seat next election to candidates who aren't afraid to vote using common sense.

Just seing Paul Ryans picture makes me sick,He hates women,he scares the day light out of  the Old,the Sick.and the Broke,in the USA.

The GOP attempts to hold back money for the implementation of health care is a slap in the face of minorities who will need such services. You want get the attention, respect and votes from minorities; then quit trying to stop the President's agenda and get on board the train for change.Obama the great divider...no leadership, no budget, no morals, no sense.

A very confusing article. But in 2014 we will make meat cutlets out of the House Republicans and simplify things substantially............

At some point in his life, when Paul Ryan read Atlas Shrugged and lost sight of reality, he began to see himself as John Galt. In Paul's reality, every American that is not up there at the top with him is a slacker. Ryan's view of the world is what inspired Mitt to make his infamous 47% statement. Ryan would expand that to say that he believes that 97% of Americans are slackers. His plan reflects his view of America. He wants to flush you by eliminating Medicare.

We are sending a half billion to Bangladesh for an experimental social experiment over a period of 2 years. This is insanity. I did not vote for any politician  to take tax payers money and do this.

Is th efull page Photo of Eddie Munster the LOSER of the 2012 Election really necessary? Obviously an Andrew Taylor has a Mancrush on Cryn Ryan.

I don't care about airports or the Pentagon.  I don't fly and terrorist ain't coming to the ghetto.  I need my section 8 and food stamps. We need a bigger place and more food stamps. We need that 4 bedroom. I want a gaming room. $1200 in food stamps just ain't cutting it for a family of 4. What if we have company over and run out of food. When my brother comes over, we have to BBQ. My neighbor works about 14 hours a day 6 days a week. I am just trying to keep up. I can't work got this back thing going on. Come on Democrats GET MY MONEY!

Dems are pathetic, and I'll be voting to get rid of any Republicans who voted for this.  Wait to stick to your principles!  Yep...at least Ryan exhausted efforts to get something balanced.  Pathetic!!  Agree with Charles...those that pay no taxes and get hefty returns vice having to feel the pain this #$%$ costs the rest of us and the children that WE produce to pay taxes, work and tackle this debt are #$%$!!

Here's the solution for you: Vote GOP in 2014 (or not?!)

This won't change the path we are on. Fascism never lasts.  Corporate Owned Government will eventually end but not before what was once your country is a smoking financial crater. And after the riots and martial law not just a figurative smoking crater.

Ryans plan is not a budget. It is stealing from one group of people to benefit another. Look it up.I want someone to slay the beast, because that is what the Federal Government Bureaucracy has become, a beast...!!! If it's not dealt with, and dealt with severely, it will eat and destroy our children and grandchildren, mark these words...!!!

Looks like the HNIC obama got some of what he wanted and is so loved today by the RINO'S in the senate that him part of what he wanted and #$%$ will also make sure that obama gets it through the house as he feels good about obama after the lunchen.  Time to replace all.

let old people eat cat food, just don't tax my jet

A very confusing article. When the Republican House members get the boot in 2014 (the only kind of language they understand these days), things will be simplified subsantially.

The gop-tea made this problems by just cuting and cuting ,by all the morey cuting over and over the gop-tea cut money aimed at addressing the stat money problem,!You can cut but so must ,! Gop-tea our destroy the u.s.a.!This is way we have to keep tham for wining they do not work for us they only work for the rich - i keep saying this,!

Hang on to your guns and wallets...RIP America the 47 percenters soon to become 55 percenters with the illegal immigrants..you will soon have nothing left.

the pentagon does not need money!!! Please I pray karma is real, Please be real, Please

SHUT THE GOVERNMENT DOWN! Show the people it is not doomsday to do so.

Let the goverment shut down,We cut programs that affect the smaller middle class,but we don't cut foreign aid from our enemies, we cut programs  from all over america,but we don't cut down our federal programs like starting at the white house. Stand up for us,we served our country to save our freedoms,instead you shackles us. My opinion

Paul Ryan and his handful of cronies/hypocrites are really worried about saving their own re-elections. Austerity hasn't worked in any other country yet they stand in front of us saying we have a spending problem. I totally agree we have a spending problem but look at who's really trying to get money for their special interest.The real answer is not spending....its JOB's JOB's JOB's for the middle class. Borrowing money is at an all time low, this is when we should be rebuilding our highways, bridges, schools and etc. this would shift the emphasis onto additional revenue, boost local and federal economy.At this point you can refer to becoming more frugal at what your spending such as large Government, financial aids to countries who really hate us and the list goes on."Budget Committee chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wis., the failed GOP vice presidential nominee, has resumed his role as top wonk and budget tutor."What exactly is a "wonk" and what is the democratic equivalent?

I have 538 reasons to gut Congress and one to purge the White House. Sure, cut benefits for military members and increase them for illegal immigrants and migrant workers: a real indication of competence!

I don't really consider barak the president any more. He'll leave the country with 20 TRILLION in debt. By far the worse pawn to ever be posted.

We need to return more power to the individual states and strip away the power and control that the federal government has taken.  Time to cut the budget of the Federal government by a lot more than the measly dollars they are proposing!  Huge federal government is not how the constitution designed things to be ruled! The states were to have much more autonomy and the fed was mostly to take care of national security and not meddle in and tell the states what to do.  Like Obama sticking his nose in Arizona's laws, California's laws, private organizations like the Boy Scouts, and on and on he goes!  Everything but what he is suppose to do in his job as president not as a dictator!  Over four years and still NO budget from him.  Half of the American people are not very bright!

BO was qouted as saying "thank da lawd, looks like I got some mo' money and no budget for another year!".

Obama purposely spent over a trillion for 4 years over the normal overspent figures just so he can say they reduced the deficit by 4 trillion dollars. What a bait and switch move!

No spending unless I have a new husband in the name Lord Jesus Christ Amen.

All that Republican pisin and moaning year after year and in the end they fold like wet tissue paper!Makes me proud to call myself a Democrat!

Obama, kick this Ryan out of your way. He was a loser.

Pin head ryanPoor Paulie Boy looks like he misses his daddy Willard. More like he misses doing the deep bend over for him. I'd do him in a New York minute. Get into all his hairy man junk! Yum!!!!

Cut spending ;;;;////armey ;;;//nave  air forse  collage for one year how bout that

OK heres the truth they are all owned by Rothschild except Cuba, North Korea, Iran ,Afghanistan, and Libya.

“domestic programs.”  Pet projects and more.

I wish there is a third party, I hate when 2 party don't agree in anything.

Rewarding Saudi Arabia for 9/11 and Rebuilding Iraq, is the only thing that Republican are good for.

See the above picture of Paul Ryan.....He's proving that he can sleep with his eyes open.

PORK !!! PORK !!!!  PORK !!!!

How is threatening us with or food cutting the government?

They are the ones who let the sequester happen begin with now they are #$%$ about it.  Its there own fault that they are in the predictament that they are in.  What goes around comes around.I believe that ryan and all senators income should be investigated.

This country is done.  No social program will be cut right now.........People dont think WE WILL RUN OUT OF MONEY,  In the next ten years there will be no social progams.  Liberal econimist Paul Krugman said it a few weeks ago.........Our "finances are fine right now but in 10 years we will need a VAT TAX (or HIDDEN TAX) and we will need DEATH PANELS".  Which are ok if you are healthy 20 year old..........But nobody remains 20.

GOP lost their principles when Lobbyists got a hold of them.  GOP concern for the budget is all talk to fool the public.

Tom Ferrel has earned his welfare check, something that should be cut, the parasite liberal base.

Our prisons are kept full so the rich owners have plenty of business.  Almost every congressman belongs to some one and not the people who elected him or her.  The government of by and for the people just isn't..We have a big rich mans mess.....

No more double talk...No more cuts that are not cuts.  Lets use the word Freeze...Freeze the pay of Congress, freeze the pay of union employees, freeze the lending...freeze the borrowing.  Then at the same time, dismantle the IRS, implement a flat tax of 20%, then no one could scream "unfair".  Millionaire buys a 200,000.00 dollar car he/she owes 20 grand in tax, working stiff buys a 20,000.00 dollar car he/she owes 2 grand in tax, stay at home mom buys 100.00 bucks in stuff for the house, she owes 20.00 bucks in tax.  Food stamp welfare queen buys 100.00 bucks of stuff for the house, she owes 20.00 for taxes.  This will increase the number of tax payers by what?  47%...Problem behind this is, when that money gets to DC, they'll just blow it in a few years and we will soon be right back where we are right now.  Another fix?  Just start the next American revolution, it will take decades to rebuild.

How much are the so called elected affishal's going to take in wage cut's,sa long as they won't make the rich pay thier fare share in taxes?

Lets look at the facts. Regan started the exodous of manufacturing to China. We lost 6 million jobs, plus. I wonder if that is part of the reason we are in the soup now?

so much for rand paul and the other idiots.

It's time for the G.O.P. to get on board,pass this bill and Help the American people.What do we pay taxes for,if it does not benefit Americans.Every cut the G.O.P. makes hurt the people who voted for them.The Democrates been hurting since Clinton left office and now we are beginning to recover with President Obama.I swear to God that the Red meat crazies do not understand economics just Rush, pure ditto heads.  If the Government goes to austerity zeros , you will be looking at a depression, but I assume that's what you want.  You can't take a giant amount of money from spending because it takes it out of circulation and that means your job if you have one is gone and your pick-up is history too.

"O" continues to denegrate the USA and every citizen in it.  Nothing really has changed in terms of budget and spending.  When will the citizens begin to take notice?

We need a bill to shut down the salaries of the senators and congressmen until they do their jobs.  Keep our country secure, pass and keep a budget, eliminate waste and fraud and finally, fine, fire and or imprison those who are abusing the public trust, ( whoops, that might empty Washington then we could start with a fresh government ).

VOTE OUT ALL REPUBLICANS IN 2014!

paul ryan, another idiot

Just remember,the rest of the world is watching this!No way to run our country,no way to deal with one another BUT after being called LIBTARD,COMMUNISTand so on,great pleasure to tell you REPUKES and TEABAGGERS to go to hell!

oh, dumb , dumb dumb from republican when they say they feel bored with old GOP party .

It's all the same, both sides the same, they are coming for the SS and Medicare so they put on this big act like they are caught in a stalemate. Bottom line, working class going to be picking up the tab.

GOP operate and thrive on Stereotypes. They support Sequester based on the stereotype that Government is bad and inefficient. Once government is cut, their politically connected contractor friends will pick up the slack at twice the cost.

I can't believe the republicans they're  the ones that wanted to stop the federal government giving money to the states &amp; now they're complaining because their states can't get anyWe need to cut off all foregin aid...now....what the hell's wrong with this country anyhow ?   we had better start taking care of our own before its to late !  come on obama, get your head out of you #$%$ !@

Face it, there is only one man that can keep these Llbtards in check...... AND HIS NAME IS RAND PAUL!!!

I ready for a big change, vote all new people in, do away with lobbyist. Were is our line item check the President promise.

Me personally I say get rid of all commie programs...welfare...unemployment and social security. Social security is not a commie program you say....Social...from socialism=commie program. Lets go back to true capitalism...if you have it great if you don't it sucks to be you. Since everybody wants to get rid of communist programs and we as Americans hate communism. We should not keep in communist programs. Who is with me!!!

We are a nation in transition, moving from a representative democracy based on Judea-Christian principles to a secular quasi-socialist model similar to Western Europe and we will ultimately collapse due to the same unsustainable financial model. America will get exactly what it voted for and deservedly so.

Democrats in 2014 too!

get rid of paul

Pull the trigger on all those idiot repubs, they are useless greedy traitors

Washington is a mess. These Idiots don't know where to cut spending or are afraid to cut spending for fear of elections. The democrates have them running scare. I say CUT the MFing spending. I say keep our military intact (no Cuts) No cuts to Social Security or Medicaid/ Medicare. The following need to be cut: 1. Welfare and Food satmps (start wheening people off). 2. Cut payroll to ANY (including the President) Politician that DOES NOT DO THE JOB!. 3. Freeze pay raise on all Politician for 4 years (re visit then). 4. No Funding for Acorn, Plane parenthood Agency, PBS (re vist after 4 years). 5. No funding for any country that hate us (you don't like us then you don't like our money). 6. President of the United States has the the right to vacation like everyone else four 2 week vacation a year with a Cap Off Limit. If you go over that you pay it yourself. 7. Repear Obama care let the states make there own ruling on this (but give the states a time limit to come up with a good aternative). 8. Any and all government employee must have the same healthcare as WE the people. 9. Any and all Government employee must have the same retirment as WE the people. 10. CUT Funding for ALL special intrest Groups.

How can the TeaRepublican continue to embarrass themself, and run if from of a camera every chance they get. They have no shame.Paul Ryans family history is of the men having deadly  heart attacks at a young age... Thats why he wants to kill Social Security and Medicare.. He knows he's not going to be around to need it.

well this also shows bye-bye teabaggers. repubs sided with the Dems! ROFL!

Democrats are advertising  Food-stamps in Mexico, and tells them how to get free money!!! We are over 16 Trillion in debt already!!!! Obama is giving our country away, and destroying America! Don't believe me look it up.

Go Ashley

Ryan's budget? I guess the GOP forgot the problems of a recession and declining wages.

Ryan's plan has no specifics (Except to F the middle class) and they still call it a budget.

Re: meat inspectors. They need $55 million to save the “thousands” of inspectors in 6300 plants. If they had one inspector per plant, each inspector would earn $873,020.

Lets see... we are 17T in debt,,,,,the Repubs have a budget to cut 4T  from the debt in 10 yrs,,,the Dems are planning higher taxes, no significant spending cuts and 0.6T decrease in the debt in 10 yrs,,,,that should tell you who is drinking the coolaid.  If the dems can only cut the debt by 600 billion in 10yrs with their favorite" tax increases", doesnt that lead you to the conclusion that the only way out of debt for this nation is to CUT SPENDING in a meaningful way.?? Get on with it or get out of DC you gutless egomaniac prix..

Look at that dumb look on AYN RYAN face. He shows he is out of his league. He is no deficit hawk, he is an #$%$.

Republicans please note Forest Gump..."Stupid is as Stupid does."  Listen up.Sara Palin needs to be gangraped by 15 BBC and left for dead

Ryan has the look on his face that says, "what the "blank" am I doing F++ing with these Republicans ??? I SO miss my black girlfriend.....

mitt romney, donald trump and ryan are making the republican party a mess....  miserable...aweful...etc...

Good Bye Mitch and John

I thought the USDA was not part of the government?  They are the Fed Reserve of meat and poultry.  Screw them both,

Hey boy toy Ryan is #$%$ off his own party.. still think he was qualified to be VP?  hahahaha ...the GOP.... a party of MORONS supported BY morons...

Cut the government so all the experience people leave the government and go to the contractors.  gee, the tax payer payed for their training and then they leave.  But the GOP say, we cut government and saved.

Ryan's old plan is the same as new one? GOP typically have not new ideas and no idea of how to add and subtract.

That's a good picture of Paul Ryan picking his nose.

That little Frankenstien sonofabitch Ryan should have his #$%$ kicked!TeaRepublican continue to make #$%$ of themselves. Paul Ryan and the tea extremes have completely and singlehandedly destroy the Republican Party. We should thank, this so call deficit hawk. Ha ha ha ha.

Why Republicans do not understand that we need manufacturing jobs in the Unites States baffles me.

Come to think of it, Republicans baffle me.

MONTY (cryan) ryanHas thee answers for the Kockboyz.

Hahahahahah! The vile evil picture of Scumyan!

GOP wanting defense boondoggles to stop? ha ha.

Vote Boehener out in 2014.

Give me a break.  Ryan isn't a thinker, he's a fetcher!

"Rs" are about as trustworthy as a black mamba  like bargaining with a deadly snake

ryan and palian have something in common they both each have snl sketchs about them every  week  because the say  pointless  chit on a weekly basisrepubs --- corny white folkdemocrats --- black folkaaaahhaahhaa

When will the GOP wake up and come up with real responsible planes to help the country?They are caught in the hate they have created and benefited from.

Well atleast Hillary has spoke up and said she would like the GAY voters in her corner in 3 years.

Great photo op! Ryan picking his nose!

Ryan you are a total MORON. The electorate of 2012 decided that you were a GOP MORON bought and paid for by the corporations and the rich. You will never be President or anything else. TOTAL LOSER