I'm shocked!  I thought Michelle Shocked was gay?

She did this in San Francisco of all places!

"Michelle Shocked cited Old Testament verses condemning homosexuality and told the audience she hoped the courts would uphold Proposition 8, which bans gay marriage, according to an Yahoo Music. “I live in fear that the world will be destroyed if gays are allowed to marry,” she said. Then she also told the audience to go on Twitter and report that she had said God hates homosexuals, though it is unclear whether that remark was sardonic"

I'm shocked, she's shocked, we're all shocked.

Shocked shocked the audience. That is pretty funny.

I predict in a few days she'll release a statement claiming her words were taken out of context..

Who the hell is Michelle Shocked?  I doubt I am the only person wondering that.

yahoo continuosly censors commenters free speech. --  politically correct is a ten-gallon word for censorship. -- Gays are allowed to say whaever they want even if it offends others, but others are not allowed to say anything that offends them? Biased censorship. Period.

To get past the yahoo sensors ... her rant was "god hates (british term for cigarettes)" ......

Who?I'm guessing she could really care less that she got shut down much less what people think of her opinion. Why? Cuz I guarantee she still got paid for a full show!! The same constitution that gays use for equality also gives her the right to express her opinion. Just because she doesn't like it or agree with it does not make her a "hater"!!! The only hate I see here is being spewed by those of you that don't believe she has the right to her own opinion!!!

I guess free speech is not a 2 way street.

Gays and dish it out but ooooooo so sensitive, they can't take it.   Except in the end.

So I supposed an opinion on the subject of anything gay isn't an opinion - it's being politically incorrect, bigoted or short-sighted.  Who exactly are the politically correct police?

What's shocking is how a persons opinion unless it's in full support of the gay agenda is now evidence of hate crimes and bigotry.

Man, I love my Texas homegirl Michelle! Next time she's in town, I'm treating her to Chick-fil-A!

Surprising words from a K.D. Lang doppelganger.

Sounds like she's being discriminated against.

It's the progressive mantra... free speech for everyone (who speaks like we do), and an open exchange of ideas and opinions (for everyone whose ideas opinions we approve of).

She would of been hailed as a hero if she made a slur about  Pope FrancisI have always loved Michellekeep on rockin girlYou have a right to believe whatever you want even if the haters and bigotted gays don't want you too

I guess it was really bad.  Of the 14 people in the audience, 10 walked out.

I'll bet they will cancel the jerry springer show, you think, nah

What a crock, all that she did was say the she is now a Christian and she doesn't agree with gay marriage.  So what, the gay nazi lobby is up in arms.

The Gay Bay is NOT the place to make gay slurs unless you want to get smacked with a couple million purses.

And if she said something critical of straights, I suppose they'd all get up and walk out too.   BIGOTS,  F   A   G   S

she said marriage is between a man and a woman

Michelle who?San Francisco is an interesting place to come out with an anti-gay rant...like condemning extreme conservativism at the Republican National Convention...that boat aint gonn'a float for long...LOL!

Gosh, this is one of those cases where being old has an advantage.  I have no idea who this person "is".Her opinion has no effect on my life.  I really dont care if any performer is 'for' or 'against' any particular movement.  Just shut up and perform.Even Babs learned that lesson LOL

I can't say I'm shocked.Looking at all of the posts that references freedom of speech.  Although very true.  However when your in San Francisco, probably not a good career move to voice your opinion.  Just an idiot move.

What exactly did she say??  I don't need the AP to judge for me what's a slur and what's a statement of opinion.

what kind of idiots go to a michelle shocked concert and are surprised by this.That would be like going to a catholic mass and surprised when they talk about sin

...who..?

A man walks into your house and starts insulting you and your family members. You ask that man to leave your house and he leaves. Did you censor him or infringe on his right to Freedom of Speech?

I'm Shocked.

Perhaps it was said in jest and someone in the audience couldn't take a joke.  People should lighten up.  Even if she was serious, those that got offended should have just taken it with a grain of salt.  If you believe you are doing the RIGHT thing, words cannot ever hurt you.

How come gays aren't scorned when they make anti-hetero slurs?

Too funny how the Dixie Chicks were told to shut up and sing by the TeaPublicans, but now Michelle Shocked is their new darling.  Double standard much?

In case of poisoning, I keep a pic of two guys kissing in my first aid kit. Makes me puke every time. Hey, no, I'm just wired that way, it's genetic, that's the way I am, ACCEPT  ITI'm shocked!

I always thought she was a D(y(ke.

Gosh I guess the truth really hurts you gay folks, if you cant take it, change your life.Better yet get back in the closet, most of us could care less what you are except you have to announce 6 times in one breath.

While i dont agree with her opinion, this is the United States...so she should be allowed to voice her opinion, no matter how hateful and short sighted it may be

Something tells me she would be a big hit in Vegas.

People, this is not a case of Freedom of Speech.  She wasn't arrested for saying what she said.  I really wish you people who love to quote the Constitution actually took the time to learn what each of the amendments actually mean.

The thing I fail to do is fully comprehend what's given back to me by the audience. You would think you would be a performer partly so you could feel all the appreciation or adulation, but I haven't quite managed that yet.Michelle ShockedMichelle, here is a hint. When the audience walks out, they don't like what you are doing.

what the f*** did she say?

Good for her...It's about time someone stood up to the thought police. Our media and Hollywood are trying to normalize this disgusting behavior...

Never heard of her so I googled her and she looks like a carpet muncher.what, pray tell, was the 'slur'???by now, would have thought people in sanfrancisco had thicker skins...........still want to know what the slur wasPC RUN AMUCK, as usual....

How stupid can anyone be? To make anti Ho(mo) slurs in San Francisco. The place is teeming with those people probably by a 99-1% ratio. I am truly Shocked.

I've thought that she has at times been coy, teasing, about sexual orientation - kind of playing to the women in her audience. I heard she had gotten married, and become born again.  Campfire Tapes and Short Sharp Shocked (or whatever it was called) were great albums.

I hope she doesn't come back with the " i'm sorry i don't know why I said those things".

LOL. O' my the gay community can't believe someone won't 'accept' their deviant disgusting behavior. Neither will MILLIONS of others. Don't believe lying liberal media!!

NO absolutely NO opposing opinions.

i am going to her concert even tho i do know what kind of music she sings. Sell out crowds standing room only!

She might as well get ready. All the anti family liberal obama loving idiots are going to attack her. I hope she stays strong.

Based on the comments so far, I don't think Conservatives have a full grasp of what "freedom of speech" really means.

She was entertaining in the 90s - I particularly enjoyed "The Greener Side Of Life", but evidently she suffered serious brain damage and recently became "born-again" and joined the Pentacostal West Angeles Church of God in Christ.  Evidently, they believe that Jesus is love, but that Jesus also hates him some gay folks.So, let's here it from the conservatives who always claim that entertainers should leave their politics out of their performances.  That is, unless they happen to agree with some of Michelle Shocked's comments, including:"I live in fear," she said, "that the world will be destroyed if gays are allowed to marry.""You can go on Twitter and say ‘Michelle Shocked says God hates #$%$.'"I tell ya, you'd think that a god would be able to send forth more rational, loving and decent "representatives".C-PupShe made an anti-gay slur at a San Francisco concert?  Well she is a stupid, stupid woman!  LOL!  Didn't she KNOW that San Fran is the gay Mecca?

Good for you. No matter what they say,they are NOT close to being NORMAL!

Morals are at an all time low in the US, so you can expect to have gays screaming about your opposing views. I'm sure she knows that.

Googled her photo. She looks like a super lesbian.

I am so sick of political correctness and the loud voices of a few trying to drown out the voices of many.

They were fools to hire a nobody in the first place.

She's gay and hates herself because she thinks God hates her.  So she had a public melt down bashing herself.  My take on the situation....

We really don't know what she said. Yet we make judgements. Stop and think, America. Ask for more data.

Looks like a meltdown is on it's way.

It's called free speech. Like it or not folks.im learning to type.

She just killed her career.

I thought she was gay.Isn't it OK to make the slur, if you're in the group being slurred?

uh, who ?

Anti gay slur in San Fran? She'll go to re-hab, apologize, and be back to her non-career soon.

WOW !! I'M SHOCKED...who is she???

I see big success in her future much to chagrin of the liberal tyrant overlords.

Like yelling "I hate NASCAR!" at a Wal-Mart.. smooth move Ex-Lax.

She is right, gay marriage is the start of the end. It's one thing to sin and be forgiven but it's another to go before God and marry your sin forever......

I guess there is no freedom of speech anymore unless you are a liberal.She'll be on The 700 Club or Fox &amp; Friends weeping that those horrible gays won't pay $100 a pop to hear her lovingly explain that they are all going to hell.

But it would have been ok to make anti-hetero or anti-Christian remarks all day.  And, the liberal, gay, feminist media would have praised it for being 'edgy'.    What a crock of sheet.

I can't believe this!!! Michelle said that?  Oh wait, who the **** is Michelle?

no free speech for you!

Memo To Michelle:.....Making a comment supporting "Traditional Family Values", alllows you to sleep at night like a baby.

I guess "those people" can't take a joke.  #$%$, huh?

What the hell happened to free speech?Damn weenie blowers and carpet munchers, time to get back into your wet closets:O(

Never Heard of Her but I am Going to Go Buy Some of Her Albums Now.

"When they stop Prop 8 and force priests at gunpoint to marry gays, it will be the downfall of civilization, and Jesus will come back". How does a Man &amp; Man or Woman &amp; Woman naturally procreate without test tubes and anonymous donors? It's a fact not homophobic. She was making her own point. But since it upsets so many they shut her down. Politics pure &amp; simple.

The freedom of anything does not mean you indulge in it just because you can. You may have the freedom of speech, but the people have the freedom to reject your ace for acting like an ace.Not everybody likes the filthy turdpackers and rugmunchers.

never heard of her, but I'll buy her music based on principle

Funny how bigots insist that they have the freedom to say whatever they want, but then get upset when anyone calls them a bigot.  Like, huh?  Weren't you just saying something about freedom of speech?  Then why can't I call you a bigot?And hey, when the bigots where in charge, people were arrested, injured, and killed in their effort to fight bigotry.  But now that they're in the minority, they scream bloody murder any time anyone pushes back against their hateful words.  No one's arresting, injuring, or killing them for what they're saying.  But all the same, they insist that they're being denied their freedom if they can't say hateful things with impunity.  Sorry guys, but freedom is a two-way street and that means we get to have the freedom to denounce you and cancel your shows if we don't like what you're saying or doing.  That's what freedom is all about.

maybe some day we no have potty mouth and lasso the sun have  pure Al Gore GlobalHugs and girl scout MaDonna kisses and all live together in a broccoli submarine

She has a right to her ignorant opinion.. and the audience has a right to walk away and the venues have a right to cancel her shows. Her rights are not being violated so all the bigots can get off their "freedom of speech" rants.

do you think she self named herself so peeps would think she was all pc and everything?

Oh, and by the way .....what the hell did she say or are we so censored that you can not print it!

The amazing thing about this story is that she had a legitimate gig.

without reporting what she said. when. context. not a story yet. back to work #$%$ reporter.

It's a confusing publicity stunt. She's not anti-gay, although he has become a fundamentalist Christian. My thoughts are, at the end of the day she will express her support to love all, gay, straight, whatever, you know....like Jesus would.In the folk music world, this is this is the equivalent  of Lady Gaga making the same statements to her audience.  She has a handful of straight fans, and she knows that. Talking about biting the hand that fed you for the last 3+ decades....

never heard of her before this.. and glad I haven't

my new favorite singer

I guess free speech is only tolerated when it's politically correct.

Maybe she'll get the hint?

I once read her contracts and had to help fill her demands at various summer festivals, and lets just say she is unstable - wanted everything, tried to break on her commitments, etc... I think they stopped asking her to come. PS: She def played to the LGBT community at that time.

I haven't seen her name in the media for years. I suspect I won't be hearing it much longer, either. :-)  Smooth, bigoted move, Michelle..

Gays are the most intolerant bigots in the world.  If they had their way (and they're trying), they'll make Hitler look like a philanthropist.

What's sad is that we live in such a controlled nanny state that venues feel the need to mute a performer's mic on whim AND END A SHOW?! Are they afraid of a lolsuit?Real freedom means the dirty undies along with the clean ones. They should have let her continue to dig her own grave and be booed off the stage.

Her career is over. Regardless if she backtracks, it will not be forgotten. How stupid to bring homophobia to San Francisco.God bless her

Censorship is alive and well in San Fran.

I'm shocked!No, wait...SHE'S shocked!Oh, wait.....isn't SHE gay?

who?

Well, it IS a disgusting immoral abomination to God. That is a FACT!

So much for freedom of speech. How is it that less than 1% of the population has so much pull? We are living in a insane asylum run by the inmates!!

So much for free speech. Now they want to tell you what to say and what to believe. Myself, I am not #$%$-phobic, but I am almighty #$%$-fatiged.  I'm just tired of hearing about #$%$sexuals every day.

what did she say ? yahoo screws up again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Who?

lets all just be gay yayyyyI don't think Madonna got in trouble when she does stuff against the bible

It seems many people don't really get the idea behind "free speech".  The Constitution guarantees that the government will not abridge the people's right to free speech.  It does not protect you from private parties limiting your free speech unless that party is somehow connect to the Government.No private party has to listen to Shocked any more then then they would have to listen to a sermon at the Westbroro Church "place".  You have very few free speech rights with regard to private parties.  I deleted all the music I had of her's thereby limiting her free speech, and it is my right to do so.  If you do not like what you hear change the channel..

Is free speech illegal now?

Anti-Gay remarks in San Francisco??  Brilliant.  Sometimes you're better off keeping your opinion to yourself.  While I support her right to have her opinion, I don't want it shoved down my throat after paying hundreds of $$$ for a concert ticket.  It doesn't matter if I agree with her or not, I paid to be entertained, not preached to, so shut up and sing.

What the **ll is wrong with people having their own opinion about homosexuality? Simply because one person may accept something does not mean EVERYONE has to agree with it. We are all different, with different ideas about life. Being opposed to some ones life style, and having an opinion about it does not necessarily make one ANTI anything. STOP BEING DROIDS, we are HUMANS.

what happened to free speech?  getting reel sick of having the Gay agenda pushed on everyone

What did she allegedly say? This story is so vague as to be properly defined as gossip, not news.

so I guess the #$%$ get upset when you speak truthfully and it isnt in their favr. FA QUU!!

I know im getting old when some body that I have never heard of has already trashed her career!

I read the story and I didn't learn anything more than what the headline says. Doesn't everyone know that free speech is banned in San Francisco?You say something stupid and you get the boot so stop crying about it like a butt hurt little girl and go back to your Podunk Texas bars and sing.

This is typical. The h....o....m....o....s can say whatever they want. The media can say whatever they want but as soon as you go against either one then it is lights out....

Michelle Shocked is an IDIOT!! In all the places in the world for SHOCKED to make anti-gay slurs - SAN FRANCISCO. Maybe Shocked will learn that MONEY has no sexual orientation and that people should be left alone to live their lives the way they want to live their lives!! Now, SHOCKED has concert dates cancelled and SHOCKED will ultimately lose - MONEY!!

Well maybe she'll find a new home on some conserviturd's jukeboxes now. Everyone knows conserviturds love progressive art-rock, lol.

Who the heck is Michelle Shocked?

Michelle Who?

Before all you cons run out to buy her music in bigoted glee, you might want to research a bit more. But what do I care, give your money to an Occupy advocate ;-)

#$%$ go to hell. Shocked

She should have thought before she started making those degrading comments.  She deserves everything she gets.

It's not censorship- music venues have the right to invite whomever they want to come play music. Censorship is when the govt. dictates what we can &amp; cannot hear. This is just the free market. Michelle Shocked has turned a bad corner- she used to be cool, but the evangelicals must have brainwashed her. She is going to loose 99% of her fan base. I am one of them...I love how all the conserviturds start yelling for freedom of speech. Nobody came out &amp; arrested her for saying the things she said. If they did, that would be infringing on her rights to freedom of speech and then you'd have an argument.

That woman just committed an act of full-tilt career suicide! Its gotta rank right up there with Michael Richard's racist, slur filled rant of a few years ago. I mean, has anyone heard from him since then? Naw! So she's toast.

I give her all the credit,she had the strenght to tell all who were there about the truth,which is not always accepted . Keep up the work.  God will take care of you.

Oh, I think I finally get how this political correctness works.  If it is expressing your right to say something negative about a practice, it is an "anti-whatever" slur...an insult to that group involved in it.  Well, in that case, I am guilty of a hate crime against druggies.

What's bad about this is she will be attacked because of her Christian convictions which is the biggest hate crime going around these days.  Free speech is a two way road and she's entitled to her opinion even if it offends others.

I thought they didn't believe in God ? Who cares what God thinks ? Just another phony outrage story. Go home and have a pity party for yourselves.

So she just erupted into anti-gay rhetoric I think this story is missing a lot.

I dont care what a person thinks......thats their right......at least you know where that person stands and can deal with them appropriately......Its all the ones that smile in your face and say everthing is just peachy.....which would you rather deal with.  Every one has their moral compass.  As long as they donot infringe on your rights they can say whatever they want.

Readers Digest: "...the venue operator who said that, as a gay man, he could not allow the show to go on and told her to leave the stage..."  This is a perfect example of the hypocrisy of the homosexual community.  Sounds like a free speech issue or at least a tort.  But if she were to make pro-homosexual comments, I'll bet he would not have shut her down.

it has nothing to do with freedom of speech, people are finally just getting tired of messages of hate being forced upon them.....just shut up and sing...that's what you are are being paid for...In this country we have freedom of speech and I believe everyone has this right not just the liberals.

She has freedom of speech, but has to live with the consequences of that speech.  Talk about biting the hand that feeds you.  Her career has been sustained by a mostly gay audience.  She decided to go on her tirade at a gay-owned, gay supported venue in San Francisco.  Did she think she would be greeted with applause and rose petals?

but they dont tell you what she said? lol typical liberal/thought police garbage.

I support her right to say whatever she pleases. Can't be any worse the liberal rants I have listened to at other concerts. Singers should shut up and sing, that's why we go to listen to them. Leave the talking to other times, when we are not paying to hear you.

Yeah,,, if she was PRO gay - she would have received a standing ovation and a Nobel Peace Prize.... you can say what you want - as long as it is agreeing with the Dems/Libs/Gays/(fill in the blank).... I have to listen to your #$%$, so you will have to listen to ours....

So much for freedom of speech by NSDGP !!! (National Sosialistic Democratic Gay Party).

What a great career move. Who had ever even heard of her before this?

You know how it is now adays, no one can express themselves any more, People are hipocrits. I think I will become a comedian they seem to be the only ones who can get away with saying what's on their minds without getting in trouble.

she is correct we will not be able to procreate enough numbers to sustain human life if #$%$ and lesbo are allowed to continue to be together.They make so many drugs for diseases they should consider #$%$ as a disease and mandatory if diagnost with it.Its real easy to tell them apart(gaydar)...but then again do the humans deserve this planet of what used to be plentiful.What happend to freedom of speech anyway.Oh i forgot we live in the united states of opposets.Good ol U.S.ofO

she spoke the truth so she will be run down for it .....the tactics of the evil oneI would love to know what she said. What a nit wit to do that in San Francisco. DUH!

so what did she say?

The "Truth" is an idiot.

reminds me of Michael Richards spouting racial slurs accordning to his 1st ammendment rights   - and then the audience left

Michelle Shocked used to be a good folk singer/songwriter. Many years ago she went Born-Again.....Hence her take on gaysI'm surprised people still go to her concerts

Fay-gz are sooooo sensitive....... You would think what with all the pounding they take, they would be a lil tougher....

Who?

What the hell happened to free speech??????????????

Michelle Shocked is widely know and despised in the music industry for her unrelenting nastiness to everybody.  Without angry lesbians, she would have no audience.  My guess is that she finally became unhinged and is now in alignment with her fellow Alaskan, Sarah Palin.

I just went out and bought her new CD.Wow, just looked up a photo of Michelle Shocked.... if this chick isn't gay it's only because she hasn't come out of the closet yet.

First - she has every right to express her opinion.  Second, sexual preference shouldn't matter, but it does, and until it does not, people will continue to talk about it.  Make it a non -issue (for real) and it all the talk and reaction and pronouncements go away.

stay in Utah and spew this kind of hate!  Hope your career in Utah goes well for you Michelle!

I am opposed to gay marriage.If you are too come buy drinks at my bar "The Oily #$%$"

Jimmy, I don't get your point.  If you read what I wrote slowly you should see that your comment about Etheridge comes out of nowhere. Who told you I like her music.  Who told you that she made a statement on a major issue that I consider offensive..  You assume a lot.  But Jimmy just so you know, I'll never see another Mel Gibson movie because he is an antisemitic, most likely a holocaust denier, who thinks black men wander the streets looking to rape women who are crazy enough to have anything to do with him.

I wonder if these venues and promoters cancelling these concerts ever check out the lyrics by the metal and rap artists they host and book. It's okay to say all kinds of mysogyistic things about (straight) women but suggest that gays can't marry and out you go? Hypocrisy in the first degree. I don't agree with Michelle Schocked on this, but if any local venues (Detroit area) cancel her shows I won't attend shows there anymore.

So she had gigs Yoshi's and Hopmonk Tavern.  Clearly she is a very significant and influential artist.

Here is the exact quote from another site:"When they stop Prop 8 and force priests at gunpoint to marry gays, it will be the downfall of civilisation, and Jesus will come back," Shocked told the crowd at Yoshi's in San Francisco, before many of them reportedly walked out. "You are going to leave here and tell people, 'Michelle Shocked said God hates fa%%ots.'"

I would've been nice to know what she said.

all in favor say "aye"! :)Where can I buy tickets?

omg what did she say, this article is pointless.

Who cares what she thinks!

Why is this news!  Who cares?  People are homeless, hungry, without jobs in this country and we are worried about someone who is exercising freedom of speech.  We are way to sensitive as a society!  Put your big girl and boy pants on and stop whining.

the tounge is sharper than a two edge sword. people who are in the spotlight(literally) ought to know by now that people hang on to every word that comes out and it will be blogged, emailed ,shared, written about and televised!

So she expresses her opinion and all the #$%$ in SF didnt like it? Too bad! Its America...freeedom of speech! Live with it! Good for you!

No disrespect intended but her anti gay slur is really offensive in San Francisco

Yes, let's keep unnecessarily demonizing things.

The true irony here is that liberals and gays are the first to stand up and run their traps about freedom of speech rights.Freedom of speech only applies to what THEY believe apparently....

What is a Michelle Shocked?She was born that way. She's not making a choice. Why would she subject herself to public disapproval?

I couldn't name one song she sings. I barely know the name. Why are shows being canceled just because she has a viewpoint?

Michelle "shocked" the audience with her anti-gay language.... the perfect pun-headline!!!

I thought Michelle Shocked ! , was when someone finally handed the monkey woman  a mirrior

Proud not to be ghay.

Pro-homosexual, pro-straight, pro-whatever... where is the freedom of speech we all cherish so highly?  Its' freedom of speech until it disagrees with me, then we cry foul...no?

That is a GREAT tactic!First, sell $1000's of tickets.Second, show up .....3rd, get up on stage, grab the mic, and say, "how ya'll #$%$s doin' tonight?"4: Get boo'ed off stage;5. Laugh all the way to the bank;6. Have the rest of the day to do whatever you want.She's a performance marketing geeenyuuusssss.

I'm surprised anyone paid any attention to her to begin with.  Nowadays, people go to concerts or performances to check their Facebook responses or tweet their idiocy.

This seems to be more of a rumor than a real news story. Good reporting!

Stupid liberals........if those homos did'nt have the same guaranteed freedom of expression that michelle schocked has, those homos would be locked into an insane asylum

Gay Fancisco.

#$%$ Fancisco.

#$%$ Francisco.

what happened to freedom of speech? we are all so sensitive to words but completely blind to what is happening in the world.

Oh no she didn't, in the bay area????  OMG, is she nuts (who ever she is)....???  I don't think her music would sell here now, I know I wouldn't buy it!!!

Probably just a publicity stunt. For someone like Michelle Shocked who didn't have much of a career even in her prime, saying this in San Francisco would get her lots of attention.

Well, she now has her name in the news, and has probably increased her name recognition. Hell, she might not even agree with herself and is just making statements to boost her career.

I'll buy a ticket in a minute. What did she say "shut up you #$%$". Oh my what horrible hate speech.

Free speech is dead!no mo #$%$'s....

Gay Francisco.

I'm stunned!!! For all these years, I thought Michelle Shocked was Gay.