as well as those otheer deteriorating third world areas. DETROIT, CHICAGO,

Notice no mention of taking away their guns , unlike here in the USA

"U.S. worried about deteriorating security in Central African Republic"Must be new reports of oil, gold or diamonds in the ground....

___ looks a lot like newark

By definition, most African countries are insecure.What the US needs to worry about right now are its own problems.

"The country remains one of the least developed on the planet despite rich deposits of gold, diamonds and uranium." The US wants to arrange to get the resources before the Chinese do. The Chinese have been courting African countries for decades while the US has been foolishly ignoring Africa...until now.

Lets mind our own business.

Cannabals....with AK47's

obama is one of the liberals worried about the africans. why not fix our problems, like security on the borders, employment, illegal aliens and other small items like no budget.  obama is only worried about destroying america  and helping his brothers in africa.

without the stabilizing influence of white run rhodesia and republic of south africa ell of subsaharan africa will go one domino after another back into the morass of tribal conflict and disease that colonialism rescued them fromWhy not worry about our own security, and protect our borders. We have no idea who or what has been smuggled into this country, and we most likely wont find out till it's to late.

All for the dollar, we need to leave this country alone and get out you greedy pigs that using American soldiers to fight your profit wars should be shot............or better yet given to the Africans and let them cut you up..................greedy worthless pigs no telling who is in charge of this but you for sure need a good #$%$ beating......................

The US borders with Mexico are wide open and our IDIOT president Obama is worried about South Africa.......Must be a Brother Hood thing.

Save your worries for home. Home is where the heart should be. The world is a big and a violent place; no place fo the US State Department, the CIA, or the WH. It hungers not at all for our policing; its fate is in its hands; not ours.

"U.S. worried about deteriorating security in Central African Republic"Uhhh, no I'm not.

"U.S. "worried" about.."  WHICH MEANS, the USA 1%ers are CREATING ANOTHER crisis in an OIL &amp; STRATEGIC MINERAL rich country to INVADE, OCCUPY and LOOT!!! They want their BLOOD PROFITS!!!!!!!!!!

that is not our country. let them figure it out. we have our own problems here

Nice that the State Department continues to demonstrate their massive incompetence. This is an administrative department that needs to be disbanded and reformed for the 21st. Century.

Africa is a mess in general.  The colonial powers formed countries which are not at all based on the tribes that make up those countries.  The result is that when one tribe gains power it seeks to reward its members at the expense of the other tribes.  In the US see Detroit is a good example of this tribalism and its destructiveness.

we should have learned our lesson in the middle east....where TAXPAYERS money and lives were WASTED every single day....by the way half of that mojney is still NOT accounted for.....wake-up STUPID americansplease let those #$%$ KLNEE-GERS alone......we have enough problems here in america.....so lets just for a change mind our own dirty business

Let them kill each other off and then send Barry and the 47% over there to do that thing that they do,or don't do.

Just send them $1 billion U.S.D. That's the democrat answer to everything, keep throwing money at something till it goes away.

Who gives a flip what these "Bruthas" do to each other?

Send Hussein over there.. Hell, Barrys from there. He should be able to staighten them out... Do a quick stop after your Jew trip...

Take our people out of there, and let them kill each other..they prob hate the US anyway why SHOULD we help  them?

Africa, Detroit, Camden, Baltimore, Philly, Cleveland - it's all the same when the Ne6ro race is the majority and in charge.

Why should we be worried about affairs in the CAR? Get the very few Americans there out of the country immediately and forget about the place. Nothing happening there that concerns us. Our government officials are so stupid!

had to pull out my usa map thought I had missed something in geography class this place isnt even one of our states but I just did get an e mail from jake my spy in cia the reason why obama is concerned about this place is because its the COUNTRY OF HIS BIRTH !

The US should be concerned about Africa/ Drugs to Europe/ and USA are coming through Africa. It used to be the Carribean/Florida-not anymore. The drug barons have found the easy way to smuggle drugs to your community. Africa is lawless-and African leaders are part of the smuggling racket. Americans you should be concerned/the next kid that will be hooked on drugs will be your own children. The world is interconnected you don't live in a bubble anymore.How about worrrying about what is going on here?

Maybe their government should confiscate guns from the rebels.  ha!

THIS is the country where, about five or six years ago, the rebel troops wouldkill the government troops and eat their hearts in celebration.  Literally!  I AMNOT making this up!  I hope we don't send a single person OR one centto these people.

NOT OUR PROBLEM...period

Enough is enough, lets stop worrying about other countries, and worry about the U.S.

One American of any race or creed is worth more than all those countries combined.  IMHO.

Great!! Another S***hole for us to be caught up in!!

I love how the US believes they have to be involved with every conflict in the world.  They won't be involved in any way but let's go to war and lose again.  Wasting lives on other countries BS.  If a country can't run itself, then that's their problem, not ours.

You can't start a war in Africa without a black president.

The US should worry more about security in Chicago,Philidelphia and Detroit before getting into never ending tribal warfare in Africa or religious wars in the middle east. . Just simple rules be enforced no feeding dissidents to the crocodiles and  ban machetes.Back to the old customs of the chiefs of rival tribes fighting it out instead of the children. Perhaps that might be good for us also.what do you expect from obchimp, could be his kids.

Why? Who the hell cares about what a third world bunch of losers do. Maybe they will kill each other off and save us the trouble of having to do it later.  Get the whites out and let the others rot.

One word... Apartheid.

Oh dont worry the communist demo-rats are only letting good illegal people in that will vote for them.

The article should say the U.S. state department is worried ...I am not worried as the most of the Americans.

I don't think what happens there has anything to do with us at all.They are just trying to take the attention off something else when they bring something else up.

i know it may take a few minutes but please write your state rep and voice your concern . Our govt has gotten to big and has to be stopped . we have lost enough americans through worthless wars that are none of our business trying to help people that hate us and would bomb us all if they could . Makes no sense !

Look at the picture. Except for containment why would you worry about the security of that?

Let them bring back Bokassa!! He will staighten them out!!

Another disaster on Hillary's watch. Let's see, Benghazi, Arab Spring, Syria, North Korea, Mali, and on and on and on.Why?

why don't we start minding our own business?

Ha Ha Ha American government  worrying about deterioration conditions in N Africa  but useless government has head in #$%$ ....talking about other country most Americans can not find on map Ha Ha ha........

more like we created the De-stabilization to swindle OIL or GAS more like it...!!! how about just buying the land or Sharing with them...!!!??? or is that NOT selfish enough ???

US concerned?  I'm in the US and I'm certainly not concerned, in fact, I could care less.  I'm more concerned about OUR OWN DAMN COUNTRY!

#$%$ sapiens left africa for the rest of the world many thousand years ago and apparently no one was left behind.

Americans real hate ! Omg !

Lord have mercy on you ignorant souls about the continent of Africa.  There is not enough space on this site to educate you.  Please read and comprehend, if you can, the true history of Africa.  May be you will understand the problems the continent faces.  Let me start you off.  There has always and always will be conflicts between humans with different beliefs.  African has not been the same since the Europeans came.  Bring it home, neither have north and south America.  Use your head for something else besides a hat rack.

Doesn't it seem like the rest of the world is pretty much telling America to go F itself?

Why worries?  That country has noyhing to offer you.Agree that the United States should first worry about its own country and its guns and gangs before preaching to anyone.  For Africa, the rich African nations should be leading the charge and the armmed  drones should come from the U.S.

canada mulling over mali involvement, fix the things that are wrong here in north america, first. our governments are haywire i tell you. they pick their priorities out of a hat with blindfolds on.

France is going to be busy in Africa this year...has a year ever gone by in that continent where a war wasn't going on???  And the world seems perplexed as to why all of Africa is still a 3rd world organization...

Shawn they have known about huge oil and gas deposits for long time there now. We also need a large Military base somewhere in the Region if we are ever going to bring down Al Qaeda and it,s other groups in North Africa.