The problem with the US and the UK is that the largest export for both countries has become - war.  The war does not create anything - it only destroys.  Any new technologies developed will be used by the military - it will not improve the welfare and the living standards of the British people.  The only benefactor from this will be the military industrial complex.The economies of the superpowers cannot be build on war.

Why is it so many large British manufacturing companies fail ???

Probably ought to locate that aerospace center in India where it is needed rather than England, a washed up former technology certre,

The destruction of wealth with war machines is foolish.

Oh look a picture of the unsellable Typhoon.FIX THE DAMN ROADS FIRST!

I DO HOPE..............................the business partners are not Chinese. We would find our defence systems stuffed with microchips that would probably be telling them everything that is happening and mysteriously fail at the time you need them most.

And where will this Aerospace centre be ?

A boost for the arms trade. Well there is a surprise, well not really.

Where is this money coming from and how can we afford weapons of war whilst taking benefits of sick and disabled people and bringing in a bedroom tax that hits disabled people the most whilst still subsidising MP's at every turn!!

That's great, funding our aerospace industry, but haven't we been funding India's space industry for years. (in the name of poverty of course).Can we put Nick Clegg on one of those planes and send him on a one way ticket to outer space?

We need housing not air craft to fight wars.

they give a billion to the aerospace industry, but at the same time they are about to steal hundreds of pounds from the poorest in the country who receive council tax benefit.All council tax benefit recipients, who are the poorest in the country, are having their benefits reduced to 80.5%. The 19.5% will have to be paid by the individuals.

This is, perhaps, the same government that recently sold Filton airfield (home of British aviation) cheaply for housing in a negative equity area - perfect site for this aerospace venture.

Slow news day....

Each partner is providing half the funding for the venture, which the government expects to secure up to 115,000 jobs in the aerospace sector and its supply chain.If these 115,000 jobs will be in British companies then good, but I suspect the lions share will be in cheaper foreign companies in the supply chain.We really must break the habit of buying cheaper imports,it`s putting us on the dole.Buy British whereever and whenever you can.