why dont people ask to see all the sealed records from sandyhook before they make any kind of decision...and ask why are the records sealed ????

Registration then confiscation. Ask a Californian.

Gun control does not work, look at Chicago, look at Mexico! Is that what you want? Only the crooks/gangs have guns?

"The recommendations would tighten Connecticut gun laws, which are already among the most stringent in the United States."So their gun laws just aint stringent enough?And how would registration background checks have flagged Lanza's mother?So, uh, well, uh, let's see, the existing plethora of gun laws don't work none so we gonna write some more, but TRUST US, these new laws will work (just don't ask what they're working toward).

How many of those people in that photo or crowd use drugs and drive?  Drink and drive?   How many have other hobbies/habits that endanger the public at large? Would they want to volunteer this info, be "registered" and have their "rights" removed/curtailed?  today, the news reported Adam Lanza, the gunman, was planning this event for almost 2 yrs.   His ideas were warped---yet no one picked up a thing here.   The real blame:  the shooter, not the guns.  If you want to kill, you'll find a way.  If you want to make a BIG statement, you'll find a way to do that too.  Motivation is everything, and add a sick, warped mind to the equation and it's a recipe for disaster.

" Connecticut gun laws, which are already among the most stringent in the United States", did nothing to prevent the senseless killings at Sandy Hook. Is the goal to stop senseless killings or to pass more ineffective regulations? They are not the same.

Pass all the laws you want.  Criminals don't obey them.

why are all theses so called Tolerant libs... not tolerant of owning a gun....its a choice  you know like the  choice you libs make that  kill unborn babies by the thousands every day

So how would any of these proposed laws stopped Sandy Hook? Lanza murdered his own mother to acquire her guns.

Another BS democrat agenda pressed upon the people.  Come on America, where is your backbone to stand against this socialist agenda?  Are you so willing to go down the road to communism and enslavement to a tyrannical government?  Do you think for 1 minute criminals will "register" their guns?  Connecticut has the most restrictive gun laws now, and they had no effect on  Sandy Hook nor will new laws have any effect.  This is just another attack on your 2nd amenment rights!I hope Colt grows a pair and moves out of Conn and brings their jobs with them.

The list is growing of the states I will not ever visit or order anything online. First thing I will do is research where the company is based and if I can't find outI won't place the order,period!!!

so where was the outrage in 1993 when the govt and janet reno killed 21 kids at Waco

Sandy Hook had their 15 minutes of fame.  They need to get over themselves and realize that they can't dictate to the rest of America.  Their sorrow does NOT trump my second amendment rights.

why does my govm't fear me for owning firearms. IF this were really about saving lives they would have outlawed automobiles &amp; made everyone take public transportation, &amp; what about dr's &amp; hospitals those would really be on the "we gotta do something about that" program. just look up the numbers its on the govm't web sites &amp; the numbers are so very much higher then firearms

So a crazy person kills his mother, who repeatedly took him to shooting ranges, knowing full well he wasn't right in the head, then uses guns she illogically kept in the house to kill kids, and the answer to stop this is disarming citizens?

Note to all the Anti Gun nuts...We will not comply and we are well armed..

I'm thinking about applying for the position of Professional protestor like the idiots in the picture above but where in the hell does one go to apply for the job...make that position? Also, what's the pay scale, hours, and how far do you have to travel?Do you get a company car, paid vacation, and holidays?

I saw a movie once where the only people who had guns were the police and military.  It was called Schindler's List.

wonder how many cops wives across the country have had to see a doctor for any type of mental prob...are they going to remove the guns from those cops ???More Feel-Good Supidity.

It's not about criminal control or stopping these horrible acts. It's about gun control and abolishing the 2nd Amendment at this point.

Gun Free Zones = All Violent Criminals Welcome

Faith, I'm afraid waking up for Democratically run States is not going to happen. Democrats are attacking the Bill of Rights from coast to coast, and few of us are not going to  be impacted. 2013 will be a sad year for Liberty!  Join the NRA and any other pro gun organizations you like. Perhaps these crazy Democrats will shoot themselves in the foot!

"Just fire the the shotgun through the door."- Joe Biden

Registration is the first step toward confiscation.Know who your representative is and how they voted. Then vote appropiately in '14.

Why are the records still sealed?

They have to blame something, must be the gun not the crazy person.

and yet our SCOTUS is deciding the fate of an ID voter law in AZ.......which AZ wants to make sure citizens are actually the ones voting....

And none of those laws would have prevented the school shooting and won't prevent any future shootings.I believe the politicians KNOW there will be millions of owners who are NOT going to register their firearms. They will pass these laws, then when they feel the time is right, use that as a reason to suspend concealed carry permits, driver's licenses, and the legal ability to purchase, own or possess a firearm.

Ft Hood~~~ Registered Democrat ~ MuslimColumbine ~~~ Too young to vote; both families were registered Democrats andprogressive liberalsVirginia Tech ~~~ Wrote hate mail to President Bush and to his staff ~Registered DemocratColorado Theater ~~~ Registered Democrat; staff worker on the Obamacampaign; Occupy Wall Street participant; progressive liberalConnecticut School Shooter- ~~~ Registered Democrat; hated ChristiansCommon thread is that all of these shooters were progressive liberalDemocrats. INTERESTING, isn't it?Maybe Democrats shouldn't have guns!

The Mom had already passed all background checks. The Mom probably would have registered her guns had it been required. Neither would have had ANY EFFECT WHATSOEVER on the Sandy Hook shooting. These "feel good" politicians seem oblivious to the facts.

And what incident was armor piercing and/or incendiary ammunition used in a crime?  Other than a movie?

Even though a so called Assault Rifle was not used in the shootings..

When will the truth come out that the AR-15 was found in the trunk?

Well we know installing new security cameras won't work! Sandy Hook just put them in and not ONE picture! Or it just never happened the way they said,which i'm inclined to believe!!!

Move to russia or north korea  if you want to be gun free !!!  this is america and we have rights and the 2nd amendment is very very clear on that point !!!!!

More fuzzy feel good infractions of law that will do NOTHING to curb crime...and most of these lawbreakers know it...IE: the good old toddlin' town of Chicago should be an example of the socialist democrat failures to stop violence by limiting law abiding citizens from protecting themselves while giving the go-ahead to criminals and gang bangers...the horse hockey continues to pile up on the RIGHTS of American citizens by the little dictators.

Last week in NY a young mother and her daugther were assaulted By a released felon with a Tag on .who cut the tag off killed the mom and raped the  10 yr old girl.. Had the Mother had a Concealed Carry permit she'd be alive and her daughter will not have to a life time of therapy. But, what do i know I worked as certified detention officer in NC, a Bail enforcement agent ... it is NOT the States Responsibility to protect you, it's your responsibility to take care of you and your family...Excellent!  Liberals shouldn't be allowed firearms.  They tend to be mass murderers.

...just TRY to take the guns, marxist lib vermin.Half a million professional armed troops cannot subjugate a mere 25,000 freedom fighters in Afghanistan.How impossible do you think it would be to subdue 120,000,000 armed Americans, where HALF the US military, if not more, sides with the US Constitution and with their gun toting bubbas back home?If the libs START this war, there will be no libs left in America, they will be hanging from trees...

What law do they propose to keep a jerk from stealing his mother's gun and using it to shoot her in the face?Their gun laws already stopped him from buying a gun.  And I'm willing to bet that he didn't bother applying for a carry permit.

Imagine if somebody was holding a 'no car' sign or 'baseball bat' sign because more people have died from those items than from AR's.  It's interesting how people think.

I love to use Connecticut as a perfect example of the FAILURES of liberalism.

Welcome to my home.......That door you just kicked in......It was locked for YOUR safety.......Not mine.

Liberal left wing agenda propaganda 101: Create a fear and tell you that the government will protect you.

It's happening....UN Agenda 21.  99% of Americans are sitting at home watching sports or DWTS or some stupid reality show....clueless.  Have a good night.

How will these new laws prevent school shootings????  Sounds like the communist state is coming to your neighborhood, soon !!!

Well I guess we know what state the next mass killing will happen in.  Connecticut just became a much softer target than it already was.the people that want gun control are rather stupid, you want gun control then dont own a gun, we dont want gun control we will own a gun real simple, oh by the way criminals dont care which way it goes they will still own or have a gun, law or no law, not to hard to understand,  is it?

"The commission proposed allowing the purchase of ammunition only for registered firearms and banning any magazine holding more than 10 rounds, while prohibiting all armor-piercing and incendiary bullets. It would also require gun clubs to report any negligent or reckless behavior."It's obvious that no one on this commission know the first thing about firearms.1) Prohibiting the purchase of ammunition only for registered firearms means they know what you possess and what to confiscate at a latter date when they're banned.2)  Banning any magazine holding more than 10 rounds......When was the last time you heard someone in a firefight or forced to defend themselves with a firearm say......Gee....I sure wish I had fewer bullets in my gun.3) Prohibiting all armor-piercing bullets......That would encompass all medium to big game hunting bullets.4) "Require gun clubs to report any negligent or reckless behavior." .......Last time I checked, if you were involved in any negligent or reckless behavior at a gun club, you were ordered to leave and depending on the behavior, may be banned for life.

banning assault weapons isn't going to prevent mentally challenged Adam Lanza from getting hand guns and shotting students again but preventing mentally challenged Adam Lanza from walking around in public will --

Guns have only two enemies........Rust and politicians.

Despite the onslaught of media propaganda in support of the Obama administration’s anti-second amendment agenda in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook school shooting, the statistics clearly illustrate that gun control does not reduce violent crime and in fact has the opposite effect.Source: FBI Uniform Crime Reports.According to the latest figures obtained by the FBI, violent crime offenses in the United States have been falling since 2007. The five year trend clearly shows that, despite there being an ongoing national debate about gun violence in America, violent crime itself is actually becoming less of a problem.The Department of Justice also highlights the fact that over the last 40 years, the amount of guns in America per 1000 people has increased, whereas serious violent crimes have decreased.In addition, despite the media drumbeat that murders involving guns represent the number one safety threat to American citizens, the reality is completely the opposite.Amongst the “top ten killers” in the United States, homicide by firearms is at the bottom of the list, according to figures from the CDC and the FBI. Almost 20 times more people die in the United States from medical errors than they do from firearm homicides, but there is no outcry to slap draconian regulations on the medical industry.In addition, the number of murders committed with hammers and clubs in the United States routinely outpaces the number of homicides committed using a rifle. Should US lawmakers introduce urgent legislation to outlaw hammers and baseball bats?The figures clearly illustrate that rising gun ownership does not cause a rise in violent crime.Look at Chicago, which in 1982 passed a ban on all handguns except for those registered with the city before the ban was enacted.Since the handgun ban took effect, the number of murders in Chicago committed using handguns has been 40% higher than before the ban, and has spiked even higher in recent years, proving that the gun ban actually served to cause an increase in violent crime.

criminals hope for a COMPLETE ban.....aks Chicago/DC...look how well that works!

stricter gun laws ?really? wake up you idiots laws are not abided by a criminal you want to cower in the corner and feel better because they make anotjher USELESS LAW? get in the real world and do something that makes a difference laws dont work because criminals pay no attention to them, if you want to stop the violence like the sandy hook tragedy then arm hyourself and fight back, plain and simple

A kangaroo court with a predictable outcome. The next committee will be comprised of the parents of children killed by drunk drivers. They will demand that all motor vehicles be turned in for scrap. BTW, this is days old news in Connecticut.

Registration...  This is how it begins.

You would think these liberal bozos would have gotten it through their thick heads by now... CRIMINALS DON'T CARE ABOUT THE LAW. Adam Lanza probably broke a dozen laws BEFORE he even started shooting. Do you really expect future nutjobs to care about some petty weapons charge if they're already set on committing premeditated murder? SMH.The issue at hand is.....there is no one to prosecute.The insane gunman killed himself and thus robbed grieving families of any closure, so the next best thing was to focus on the tool (rifle) instead of what created the action (mental illness) to begin with.

It's now come out that the Sandy Hook killer planned his crimes for years based on video games.  Leave law abiding, tax paying, sane people alone.  Control the mental cases and criminal class.

Just keep it up. Pretty soon NO law abiding citizen will be able to own a gun. ONLY CRIMINALS!

If you value your 2nd Amendment rights, NEVER FORGET The DEMOCRATS aka (Progressives) would like nothing better than to relieve YOU of your weapons to protect you and your family from TYRANNY. They prefer you to be an "Un-Armed Subject" than an "Armed Citizen". 2014 is the year we put the Constitution back in Government. Vote OUT the Progressives. To value the 2nd Amendment and to vote Democrat in terms of speech, would be an oxymoron."The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." Thomas Jefferson

Poor stupid people! No assault was used!

Is that Sarah behind that lady with the sign?

WHY the hell do you need NEW laws for// the state will not evey enforce the ones you have NOW!!!!

#$%$ joke

Why not impose sticker criminal laws with mandatory sentences without parole for those who use any type of firearm in a commission of a crime.

Strengthen the gun laws all you want. All you are doing is opening the door to more violence. Chicago is proof positive of this. Criminals and the mentally disturbed don't abide by the law.buy anything on line

We defend our president with guns.We defend our congressmen with guns.We defend our governors with guns.We defend our celebrities with gunsWe defend our sporting events with guns.We defend our jewelry stores with guns.We defend our banks with guns.We defend our office buildings with guns.We defend our factories with guns.We defend our courts with guns.We protect our most precious children with a sign that says "this is a gun free zone"....and then call someone WITH A GUN if there's an emergency.

Guns are good.  Cherish your right to own one.  It's important.

Guns have been in this country's history for hundreds of years.People were once able to go to hardware stores to purchase Thompson machine guns...and there were never school shootings.It's only been in the last 20 or so years that these events have been happening.Why? Social Decay.

This is not what the people want, this is what the Gov. wants.  Every good American must vote the mid-term and then the 2016.

Connecticut already has an "assault weapons" ban.  So how'd that work out?

Growing up in CT, I always used to wonder why so many of my lib friends had this FASCINATION with Stalin and Mao, sometimes openly worshipping these demon idols...

Third Reich Nazi thinking and tactics.

Only the start.  They plan to take them all away.  Wake up America or We'll be 1939 Germany all over again.

Vote democrat if you like communism. Vote democrat if you don't like freedom. Vote democrat if you want someone to tell you how to live your life.Coincidence that the gun grabbers always wait until just after an election?

Gun control is something designed to make politicians feel good and the voters feel more secure but no-one mentions it doesn't work. There are still who knows how many assault style rifles out there, not to mention AK47's and even if the magazine doesn't hold 15 rounds, it can be modified after purchase so it does. What a waste of time and money. This won't change anything.

the guns used in the shooting were legal. the nutcase was not. do we propose a nutcase ban? gun laws are a precurser to gun bans. registration=confiscation

Try as they might...It still won't stop another lunatic from going on yet another rampage...The problem is mental health and people walking around this country mentally ill not getting the help they need.

Instead of wasting the taxpayer dollars on gun control, why not spend the money more wisely and implement a no-tolerance law in regards to crimes with guns. If you use a gun in the commission of a crime, you get the death penalty without an appeal.Put some balls in the law and enforce it, and stop taking away guns from honest people. The criminals and mentally unstable are going to obtain them anyway.

It's all about getting the guns registered, how that prevents criminal use of a firearm has yet to explained. What we do know about registration that it ALWAYS leads to confiscation..

Really???? It would be a story if they didnt!.....duhhhhhh

So background checks for all, gun registration for all guns, and permits for those guns which require regular renewal.Which part of that is not a blatant violation of the 2nd Amendment?  I don't recall needing a permit to exercise any of my OTHER civil rights, nor do I have to ask permission or register the words I intend to use.

The folks in Connecticut should just pass the same kind of restrictive gun laws that exist in NYC and Chicago.....then they will be JUST AS SAFE as those cities are.....All of you gun loathers, just turn in your guns now, keep your self safe by disarming NOW!!  Does that sound like a GOOD IDEA?

These fools, what good does a New Gun Law and Registration of guns do to people who don't abide by laws to begin with called Criminals, a criminal will definitely not Register his/her Illegal Gun to begin with and this Panel of so-called Experts know this, they just want to look like their doing something, this is just for appearance purposes only to justify their high paid jobs.All Gun Laws do is effect the very people who the Establishment don't need to worry about to begin with these people are called Law Abiding Citizens. This allegedly Educated Panel of experts (if you can call them that) need to really get a grip on life and realize they are passing laws for the wrong group of people instead of enforcing the Laws that are already on the books. By there very nature, criminals and insane people on psychotic drugs don't and won't abide by laws.All these new hoops for law abiding people to jump through who did nothing wrong.  And what did the law makers do for the very corrupt criminal few that DO use the guns to hurt people in Conneticut ?  They just recently did away with the death penalty thereby lowering the penalty for actually doing what they are trying to prevent.  This is what is wrong with liberals, always chasing the wrong thing in the most expensive way.  People deserve better government.

and not a single one of those laws would prevent what happened at Sandyhook.

Yeah, but none of the measures mentioned would have stopped the Sandy Hook shooter.  This is nothing but the anti gun crowd once again attempting to capitalize on a tragedy to further their own personal agenda.  It won't reduce crime, it won't make anyone safer and it will only erode the 2nd Amendment rights of the people of CT.  But they voted those politicians into office and now they will reap what they sow.Registration has historically ended up on confiscation.  I wouldn't trust the politicians on that one at all.  Do a little research and see just why the government is far more dangerous to you than any criminal act with a gun.  And while you are at it, ask why DHS has purchased 1.6 billion (yes with a B) rounds of ammunition.  Who are they going to war with?

that lady should stand in front ofPlanned Parenthood,,,with a picof a coat hanger

Smart move. Make more laws. You can't enforce the ones you have now.

"The recommendations would tighten Connecticut gun laws, which are already among the most stringent in the United States."^^This being the case WHY are 26 people dead from "gun violence" in Connecticut ? The completely useless laws already on the books don't work protecting children so let's pass new useless laws to "feel good" about our wonderful selves and at the same time disarm honest law abiding Americans. Great elected officials in Connecticut.....

Yahoo u big propaganda machine you

The only thing gun control does is gives Obama more ammuntion to control Americans with. Wake up people.

give it a rest . it aint gonna happen. People will not give up the means to defend them selves from what ever threatens them ever

Danal Malloy pushed through one of the largest tax increases in history in Connecticut, has a $1 BILLION State deficit, and a misrebale State economy. His gun ban will be the icing on the cake in the natural wave election against his collosal failed "leadership". The gun ban will be the tipping point in ridding the Connecticut State legislature of many of his follower travelers.NO call to reopen FAIRFIELD HILLS STATE HOSPITAL, located IN Newtown, that would have prevented the tradedgey in the first place. NO call to change the broken involuntary commitment laws. NO call to ban the advertised legally mandated defenseless "gun free"victim zones. Thus there is NO call to do what would have PREVENTED Newtown or the next attack!

Did you people in Newtown read about the guy that was going to blow up the whole dorm with homemade bombs, yea thats right bombs not guns!!!!!!!

"Any people that would give up liberty for a little temporary safety deserves neither liberty nor safety." Benjamin Franklin

Another California/ new york/ Colorado.

why was the sandy hook records sealed do or are they trying to hide something they dont want the rest of the world to know

I have AR`s, AK`s,M1A`s, a few FAL`s, 1 SCAR, 3 M1carbines...1 of which is a minty Rock Ola!, Garands, ....and quite a few other firearms....I fully intend to keep them all too! Not to mention all the hicaps I own

The only thing that could have stopped Adam Lanza's rampage would have been armed security at the school.  Why is that so hard to understand?

Legal Connecticut gun owners, pack your bags, come to Arizona, we love law abiding citizens!  Let those who wish to restrict your freedom enjoy our frigid winters, come see the sunshine and freedom.  :)

Still blaming the guns, not the sick sob that does this #$%$. Lets make all law abiding people pay for what that #$%$ did.

ha ha, more Americans today are against gum laws than were 20 years ago -- we understand the dire existential threat an openly marxist president poses to our American freedoms."already among the most stringent in the United States"  So what will any of this change?NOTHING!That kid broke every existing law to commit his crime and not a single one of these will prevent the next nut job from doing the same. All this does is attack law abiding citizens who have committed no crime whatsoever!Show me how any of these new laws would of even prevented him from committing his crime if they were in effect before hand.  The only one wold of been securing school building doors.

Gun laws arent working,,,making more isnt gonna help! ASK CHICAGO!!!!!!!!!!

First, no one is angrier than millions of gun owners who are legal and law-abiding citizens about what happened at the school in Conneticutt.However, unless the Second amendment is abolished the groups, recommendations are just that a wish list. All the plans target and punish millions who did nothing wrong. They also infringe on the rights given to the people to defend and protect themselves and our loved ones. This is an emotional issue and is not easily discussed from both sides. My intention is not to antagonize or upset anyone who lost a love one. I have lost a family member to a shooting and know the feeling. However, I will say in all honesty, I have never blamed the weapon or the ammunition or the manufacture or anyone but the person who deliberately aimed and pulled the trigger. It was the person who initiated the actions not the tool.It is a slippery slope when politicians chip away at the rights the nation was founded on today the 2nd and tomorrow the 1st.

Liberals, who universally despise the US Constitution, can leave the US ANYTIME.  The sooner, the better off we all are.

Just ignore the new laws.  It seems to work well for criminals.  Seems criminals have more freedoms today than we law-abiding citizens.

CT already has the toughest gun control laws in the US and it had no impact on Sandy Hook.  So now we're supposed to believe that more anti gun laws will prevent tragedies like SHE.

It amazes me how people can not focus on the causes of the violence and focus on the implements used in those violent acts!  Is one dead child, killed by a knife acceptable?

If you put these killers to death instead of putting them up with cable, free medical, free meals, and mnore rights than the victims they killed, you would have alot less of this #$%$ going on.

Armed people are called "citizens", unarmed people are called "subjects"

You do know that when they come for the guns the owners will sell them illegally and say they were stolen.  LIBS run on just emotions instead of facts or truths.I do not get it, these enemies of America SNEAK INTO our country, these liberals, then they try to work from within, subverting the US Constitution.And they expect to be able to continue performing this destruction on America??  That is chutzpah.

This is a shot across the bow for all would-be criminals.  Once this draconian set of laws is put in place, gun-related crime will immediately drop close to zero as criminals finally start seeing the error of their ways---turning in their firearms, apologizing for their errant behavior, going back to school, joining a church, and getting a decent and honorable job.  Bravo Connecticut--what wizards you have in place up there!

Thank goodness, more laws, this will certainly stop all of these nuts from killing our children. Just like the laws already on the books did.

Apparently, the best way to stop criminals is to make criminals of law-abiding citizens who have never contemplated murdering anyone.

Disarming America is what this is all about. Politicians want americans disarmed. They grab more control of our lives and we have nothing to fight with when the government starts to enter homes without warrants. Thats ALL these new gun laws are about. Gun CONFISCATION. Illinois is ready to pass magazine restrictions on all magazines and force firearms owners to buy 1 million dollars of liability insurance as well as make any carry-conceal impossible because of severe restrictions. Getting guns away from firearm owners is on the way to becoming REALITY.  Wake up America.

none of these recommendations would have stopped the tradgedy at Sandy Hook

looking at the picture is positive proof of how badly the American people have been hustled by the Socialist media

Precisely when did Obama declare WAR on Americans again?

I guess if Connecticut wants another tragedy they'll stay on this course...

This is a nonsense story, about a nonsense commission! The ONLY measures that need to be taken are to follow the letter of the law that ALREADY exists on the books. Dont be wasting the time or infringing the rights of the law abiding gun owners. If the liberal media wasted as much time going after the SOFT LIBERAL DEMOCRATS who baby the criminals and law breakers as they do the tens of millions of gun owners THAT would be a real success towards stopping the unwanted gun violence. But as for me and millions of others I say leave us alone, our rights to bear arms is the law, and we are not giving them up!EVERY WEEK this issue stays on the national radar, ANOTHER 2-3 million Americans WAKE UP to the threat to freedom that the liberals represent.

Idiot lady with the AR silloute sign. A 9MM PISTOL WAS WHAT THE KILLER USED!! NOT A  AR!!

*shaking my head*They just never learn...  their only answer is more government control, more restrictions on law-abiding citizens.  And when it happens again, they'll do the same darn thing.

The picture should tell it all.  These peopld don't even know what type of weapons were used.  they just don't like others to have RIGHTS they want to control you and me.  I got news for them.  Don't come to my door and ask for my weapons because they will only see the barrell end.

Ban all guns in Connecticut. Criminals will LOVE it!

ALL YOU ANTI GUN TWINKS....Need a hard whack to your heads with a Tire Iron.

Dan Malloy has massively raised taxes, spent Connecticut into a $1 BILLION budget deficit, and created a worse economy then the national average here in Connecticut. His gun ban will be the tipping point in purging the State legislature of his supporters along with himself in 2014.

Connecticut, one of four states that refuses to confine someone whom authorities find may be harmful to themselves or others.  They let these "nut cases" wander around unconfined, and then when one of them gets violent and kills people them blame . . . let me see . . . themselves?  No.  Blame the people who didn't lock the nut case up?  No.  Gotta' have some blame...like Obama.  I know.  We'll blame the gun.  That way we don't have to look at our responsibility in all this.  Hey Conn. voters...don't look in the mirror to see who's killing people.

Never understand you Yankees. Why do you always want to punish the folks who DIDN'T commit the crime?

goodie.a new law for criminals to break.I do not get it, America gives liberals EVERYTHING, libs here live the most prosperous existence in human history, under a Constitution that GUARANTEES them more rights than any humans have ever known.and ALL THE LIB FILTH WANTS TO DO IS TEAR IT ALL DOWN.what degeneracy must libs live under to be this way?  no wonder they beg for civil war.  they're loony #$%$#!t

Haaaaa, look at that sign in the picture. Yeah, cause when a gang banger sees a rifle with a circle and line crossing it out he's going to know he's in paradise AKA Gun Free Zone.

The assult weapon was NOT used to kill the children. It was in the shooters car but it was not used. People in the US are so gullable. They don't research what is true and what is a lie.

In other words everyone in the Sandy Hook incident would still be dead but Adam Lanza would be booked with a few more charges against him and law abiding people have added restrictions costing them time and money not to mention the cost to government (taxpayers).

And everyone has been saying they didn't want registration since it would lead to confiscation.Yet that seems to be the centerpiece of these recommendations.How can anyone trust when they lie at every turn.

First they register, then they regulate, then they restrict, then they confiscate!Fact: In 1994, before the Federal “assault weapons ban,” you were eleven (11) times more likely to be beaten to death than to be killed by an “assault weapon.”Fact: Guns prevent an estimated 2.5 million crimes a year or 6,849 every day. Often the gun is never fired and no blood (including the criminal’s) is shed.Fact: Every year, people in the United States use guns to defend themselves against criminals an estimated 2,500,000 times – more than 6,500 people a day, or once every 13 seconds.  Of these instances, 15.6% of the people using firearms defensively stated that they “almost certainly” saved their lives by doing so.Fact: 54% of these deaths are suicides (80% in Canada). Numerous studies have shown that the presence or absence of a firearm does not change the overall (i.e., gun plus non-gun) suicide rate.Fact: Guns are used for self-defense 2,500,000 times a year in the United States.• 71% of gunshot victims had previous arrest records.• 64% had been convicted of a crime.• Each had an average of 11 prior arrests.62,63• 63% of victims have criminal histories and 73% of the time they know their assailant (twice as often as victims without criminal histories).In 1911, Turkey established gun control. Subsequently, from 1915 to 1917, 1.5-million Armenians, deprived of the means to defend themselves, were rounded up and killed.In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. Then, from 1929 to 1953, approximately 20-millon dissidents were rounded up and killed.In 1938 Germany established gun control. From 1939 to 1945 over 13-million Jews, gypsies, homosexuals, mentally ill, union leaders, Catholics and others, unable to fire a shot in protest, were rounded up and killed.In 1935, China established gun control. Subsequently, between 1948 and 1952, over 20-million dissidents were rounded up and killed.In 1956, Cambodia enshrined gun control. In just two years (1975-1977) over one million "educated" people were rounded up and killed.In 1964, Guatemala locked in gun control. From 1964 to 1981, over 100,000 Mayan Indians were rounded up and killed as a result of their inability to defend themselves.In 1970, Uganda embraced gun control. Over the next nine years over 300,000 Christians were rounded up and killed.Over 56-million people have died because of gun control in the last century.“Passing a law like the assault weapons ban is a symbolic, purely symbolic move... Its only real justification is not to reduce crime but to desensitize the public to the regulation of weapons in preparation for their ultimate confiscation.” - Charles Krauthammer Syndicated Columnist The Washington Post, April 5, 1996All Quotes are from Gun Facts by Guy Smith 2011

These new gun control measures will get struck down by the supreme court. Gun registration is illegal along with the rest of the things this liberal #$%$ wants.

these stupid people do stupid things

Communazis want TOTAL CONTROL.

sorry libs, epic fail.  This is not 1994, with a centrist lib president and a naive American gun owning populace.  Obama has made it clear he is a MARXIST through and through.  No wonder gun sales are breaking ALL RECORDS.Boy, those Liberals really know how to protect your kids.  Locking them all in one nice, small, and easy to find them place!  Which is easier to kill?  A sitting group of 20 quail or all the birds in flight at once?  More from make believe and wanna be experts!

Screw the responsible people nd the bad people do not change anything. What a liberal crock of #$%$

put a guard in your school pretty simple since the goverment will do nothing about helping people with mental issues they wont and all theses stupid people just dont get what there trying to do. there using the deaths of those poor children as political cannon fodder to strip more of our rights away. but most of the osama zombie cant see the forest for the tree's, he tweets and they cooo.

Connecticut Constitution SEC. 15. Every citizen has a right to bear arms in defense of himself and the state.

I do not get it, there are 200 failed socialist nations, where the subjects are terrorized by the government, that liberals can move to ANYDAY, yet they insist on turning the US into just the same type of failed nation.

We need stricter parenting , not gun laws !To all parents , lock your guns up and pay attention to your kids !

Leave Connecticut and Bring Baretta to Tennessee and I will buy a new shotgun!!

Lets pass a law that says the lunatics cant own guns and leave everyone else out of it,,,oh, bad idea? kinda like congress uh..

I have never owned a  gun, never shot a gun, never even TOUCHED a gun in my life, but the more I hear how DESPERATE the liberals are to SEIZE all the firearms, Stalin and Mao notwithstanding, the more convinced I become that I need to become a gun owner myself, to protect myself from these totalitarian ANTI AMERICAN demons among us.

Sorry, insect libs, the US is NOT just like Europe, but with lower taxes.  IT has a UNIQUE document called the US Constitution, a document unique in that it places the PEOPLE at the helm of the nation, with the figurehead leaders as the SERVANTS of the people, and NOT the other way around, with a tyrant and subjects.I feel sorry just HAVING to explain this to someone who pretends to be AMERICAN.If there's limits on mag capacity, will the cops also be bound by them?  After all that's part of the argument, the cops are outgunned.  Limit the crooks, and the cops will have to follow.

Little hint, gun free zone

We should just make it illegal to kill people. then all the violence will stop.

Keep pushing homosexuality and legalization of drugs.  You will learn that guns are not at the root of the collapse of civilization.

The Sandy Hook massacre happened in a state with some of the strictest gun laws in the country, and they want stricter guns laws.  Mass shooters pick gun free zones to do their slaughter and these people want more gun free zones.  Criminals who will murder do not care about gun registration laws or any magic words written on enchanted paper democrats seem to believe will alter human behavior.  Sullivan Central High School, Tennessee, 2010, armed officer on campus, bad guy with guns dies.  Sandy Hook Elementary, Connecticut, no armed guards, gun free zone, 26 die.  But the media says nothng about the Sullivan Central shooting.  Wonder why?  Only good guys with guns can stop bad guys with guns, and nothing can take guns out of the hands of bad guys.  When seconds count, the police are only minutes away.

With this assault on gun rights, the America hating marxists have exposed themselves entirely too soon, and generated the GREATEST awakening in the American people since 911, as to who the TRUE THREAT TO FREEDOM is in this country.

So where's the story about how Lanza planned EVERY DETAIL of his actions for MONTHS. Guess that doesn't fit into the narrative so well since no law in the world would have stopped him....

That's it... get all of the youngsters out front holding signs and chanting, the ones that never do any research or never look at the facts that show gun control does nothing to stop violence, if fact it causes the incident rate to climb.

Delusional people aren't just the killers...

Why do we have such problems?  Because Democrats believe a mother has a right to kill an innocent 5 month fetus because her pregnancy would interfere with her career, but feel we shouldn't put to death the man who raped and murdered 14 women."No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law". A citizen of the United States, not convicted of a crime, has the RIGHT to bear arms, and banning property is depriving citizens, innocent and not charged with any crime, property, simply because you are afraid of something they MIGHT do. That is not how a free society works. It's sad those children were killed. Should we give up our free society because of that? Taking property from citizens because you think you are doing them a favor is called totalitarianism.

Hm, no rifles were used there, and if you don't believe me just check out the ballistics report, oh wait, they sealed it. Maybe because there was no rifle used.

Lots of gobbledygook that is never going to actually address the problem.   Can we begin by recognizing that a "PROGRESSIVE" social agenda is NOT working?   Of course the left screams "no".  That's fine but progressive IS NOT working and You need to understand that you are not going to take our guns.

2 pistols were used no rifle these idiots are doing no more then #$%$ on the graves using their deaths to try and take rights away making something like this more likely to happen in the future.

they are going to try and get them all anything that goes boom its a liberal fantasy to leave the population defenseless so we will have no way of fighting back,it is right in front of your eyes i wont have to worry about it cause i will be one of the first ones to die as i would rather be dead than a slave!!!!

wonder what the mixed messages are here from this photo?  The schools now have ZERO tolerance for ANYTHING gun-related, including drawings of any accuracy, and they routinely suspend or expel kids for drawing them.  How, then, can they grow up into well-rounded, well-meaning (but misguided) adults who can legally express their 1st Amendment rights by drawing pictures of the same gun(s)?  Jus' wonderin'.

what the sole pupose of the registration..Anyone..How will this stop any of these masacres?When we buy and they do a background check there already a registrastion on your state or county..So tell me what is registration gonna do for the criminals who do not follow any laws to begin with? How will it stop murderers? anyone? No because it wont..Its so they can slowely but surely confiscate guns..you liberals so frigin naive ..You wont last long when the war breaks out here...feel sorry for yas..You are being blindly lead to slaughter..

So the commission is simply parroting the same recommendations made by other liberal thinkers. No new or constructive ideas that don't limit the rights of law abiding gun owners.

Why don't these gun control twerps fire thier armed security and then propose we all complywith those same actions starting with the #$%$ ct gov malloy

Why would anyone register their gun?  So some a hole can publish their info in the newspaper like in upstate New York?If CT leaders cannot ban all guns, there are always armed drones.  am I right, CT libs?

me too , me too , me too , it won't change anything , but me too , me too .

Police State 101

If they think that stricter gun laws are going to stop the killings, they're not. They would have to outlaw all guns and that is against the 2nd amendment. If you take the guns away from law abiding citizens, the coward gangs will still get them.

How much longer do libs living in the US think they can get away with openly despising America?

Well Connecticut gun owners, are you going to lie down and take this? Get off your butts and rally at the state capitol. Show these #$%$ what you're made of. Organize through your local gun clubs, and take bus loads there. Spring is here and it's time to rally for the 2nd amendment.

Dear liberal buttwipes. The ar you ar soooo scared of was not used in that crime. But you keep saying it, it shows your profound ignorance.

Decent folks of Connecticut!! Just leave!! Leave the $hitheels to run the state into the ground and come to Tennessee!! Bring Colt with you!! If you do I will buy a brand new 1911 from them!!

Lib is the excrement of America, unwanted, unloved, a PESTILENCE on our beautiful and unique Constitution.I say we deal with this invasion of America haters by sending them back to the socialist hovels they came from.

I am ALL FOR forcing liberals onto ships and sending them to North Korea permanently."The 16-member commission of educators, academics, emergency responders, politicians and mental health professionals....."Just read that as, "specifically picked liberals".

Time to move , could not see this one coming

Alright, already. Enoughs, enough.

With this Advisory Commission's recommendations going to be pushed by the Governor we are getting one more step closer to another civil war.READ THE CONSTITUTION!

The gun in the Newtown shooting was a STOLEN gun.

Why do people keep going after the AR-15, when it was never even used in the shootings?  It was pulled out of Lanza's trunk after the fact.  Which makes me wonder if this whole thing isn't just an excuse for taking away our second Amendment rights....

Understand, it's a fight here in CT.  We have this idiot governor, a democrat-run legislature, but overwhelming numbers of people have come out in support of no new gun laws.

These tyrant run states suck !  you want all these rules ?  then move to china or n,korea  they love all these rules...

Worthless, ineffective, feel-good, #$%$.

This video from MSNBC says it all.  The gun laws already in place work.U tube watch?v=ZpsgK4Wmde0shot guns killed more people then assault rifles last year, where is the outrage on that?

Love how they keep tying Newton into AR-15s when, in fact, the stupid POS had the AR-15 in the trunk and used handguns to commit the atrocity. The anti-gun losers keep screwing that up and the press happily obliges them (of course).

Nice picture of an AR-15, don't these idiots holding the picture know an AR-15 was not used in the Sandy Hook shooting.

Connecticut is for man hating feminists and their little poodle faux males -- regular men need not apply in that state.  No wonder the men in CT always walk around so ANGRY all the time.  Unwanted and unloved.

With how much Connecticut despises men and maleness, I am surprised there is not a mass shooting, out of sheer desperation, EVERY WEEK in that Godforsaken state.

The Banksters just closed the Banks in Cypress, froze all the assets, and declared a 15% "wealth" tax.  Have you made a run on your bank yet?  Will you be able to make a run on your bank after they confiscate your weapons?  Do you understand the Loving Feds just purchased 2 Billion Hollow Point Rounds to be used on YOU?  Death to the NWO!

Knee jerk reactions always cause the most long term problems. MORE bans simply reinforces the shooters and copy cats. They want to make a mark; just scare us. We will sign over our freedoms and means to protect our families from tyranny and evil.

You stupid broads with the gun sign raised Adam Lanza, he's your baby. You stinking vultures who prey on innocent dead victims to pass laws that only make you feel good are the root cause of violence in America. Adam Lanza was a gang banger who indulged in violent videos that YOU broads promote in your computers, DVD's and smart phones - the electronic revolution - welcome to your world of the 21st century. You built it, now go home and shut up.

You mean passing even thougher laws in a state that already has tough laws would make it an even safer state?  We should make heroine and meth illegal too!! *SARCASM*.

How many gun manufactures are in Connecticut???????? Say good by to them Connecticut!!!!isnt some of the top gun manufacturers located in Conn? Ruger etc..People should refuse to buy from them and purchase from others that are located in more friendly states..

Once again, nothing in the report about more access to mental health help.Simplistic horse-traders.Governor's panel to study transportation? Build more roads.Pollution control?  Stay inside.These people are paid?

None of the recommendations would have stopped Adam Lanza from shooting those people.

Buy a gun today.

MOST liberals are themselves psycho, thus they do not trust themselves with guns.  The issue is that they project their own insanity onto the rest of us SANE America loving people.

In San Antonio, some guy tried to commit a gun crime, he was stopped by another gun toter.  But you never heard that story on the national news, DID YOU?

Gun Control NEVER works! Time and time again it's been proven, just look at cities such as Chicago. Before long, it will be a city that no one other than the criminals will reside in, and all others will be living in fear far worse than what they feel at the moment after what happened. No matter what control they come up with, NONE of it would have prevented what happened.

Libs PRETEND to care about kids, they use the kids are PROPS, but note...- more third trimester babies are killed in abortion mills every ten minutes than kids died at Newtown.- more people are killed every two days by illegals in this country than kids died at Newtown.- by running on NO budget, on borrowed money, Obama and his evil minions are making sure America's KIDS and GRANDKIDS are enslaved their whole lives to an onerous debt they never created in the first place.Yeah, sure libs love kids... they love to USE THEM.

and the wonder is that the libs are BLOODTHIRSTY, just BEGGING for a second civil war to start.They know not what they ask for...

really more gun control? How do you get more gun control than gun free zones like this one at sandy hook. If anything gun control killed the people at Sandy Hook.having grown up in CT before moving to TX, I can tell you the state is a LOSER, a pile of wet diaper pansie man haters.

The caption that should have topped the photo that accompanied this article should have read "There is nothing more frightening than the sight of ignorance in action". Goethe.

They choose to not to have protection for their children, they push for more of the same with gun free zones, they think guns are the problem, they are making it harder and harder for a law abiding citizens to have the right of self presservation with a firearm, and they demonize those who don't share their view. These people are manipulative scoundrels not to be trusted with our future.

How is it thatdecades ago high school students would show up at schools with rifles in their gun racks and school shootings were even rarer then than they are now? What has changed? The guns were about the same and certain people had mental issues then.

more feel good laws.. when will the idiots realize that none of that would have stopped any of these tragedies.

If Connecticut wants to reduce the chance od another Sandy Hook incident, spend some bucks on mental illness treatment. In each and every case of these mass shootings, it's always done by a nut job who wasn't allowed to buy or possess guns in the first place.What good would these gun laws do to prevent crazies from shooting up a school or a theatre? NONE! This is just a misguided effort by a bunch of lazy, cheap politicians who want to make it look like they're doing something. On the national front, it's an attempt by democrats to bypass the 2nd amendment.With Obama arming his homeland security force of 55,000 and growing, with REAL assault weapons, 1.6 BILLION rounds of ammunition and thousands of armored vehicles, you have to ask yourself, what is he thinking? Is he going to turn on American citizens, as did Stalin and Hitler? THIS is exactly how they started. If you're not worried about this ... you should be.

The pic shows the stupidity of the left, an AR15 or no rifle of any kind was used at sandy hook, he had 2 pistols non of which held more then 10 bullets. So why dance on the graves of children to try to push this bill?

Jump on that band wagon.  As Emanuel says, "never let a good crisis go to waste."  Hammer in those links on the slave chains.

I think true Americans are entirely too tired of these ENEMIES AMONG US, the liberals, constantly agitating AGAINST the United States.

The governor professes that the people are behind him, but the pro-gun people had a lobby day in Hartford, over 3000 took the day off work and showed up at the legislative office building.  The next day at the anti-gun loby day - 150.The governor is trying to suck up to the Obama administration because I think he knows he has no future here in CT.

This is just a commission and recommendations.  The legislature passes laws, not the governor, not the governor's stupid commission.

They recommended banning "any firearm capable of shooting over 10 rounds without reloading".  By regulating the firearm, rather than the magazine, they effective outlaw most handguns and many rifles, since you can put a magazine in them that is over 10 rounds.

Malloy appointed Scott Jackson, member of Bloomberg's group MAIG, as head.  The commission's recommendations were so draconian even Malloy was shocked.  A bunch of fools that know nothing about what they are recommending and have an agenda.

How about stricter murder laws? Stricter rape laws and stricter robbery laws while you're at it?

DONT LIVE IN CONECTICUT THIS STATE SUCKS.

Keeping guns from law abiding citizens - badAdding armed security to our schools - good.

Liberals like to ban guns that look scary

You have to ask yourself would any of the laws passed have helped in this case? If you could go back in time and have these laws your imposing in full force would it have stopped this nutty kid? The answer is no.

For those interested in facts:The Murder rate in the UK climbed from about 1.1 in 100,000 to 1.7 in 100,000 from 1998 to 2003, 1998 is when the handgun ban was enacted. It has taken 10 years to normalize back to around 1.1In Texas the murder rate went from 7.7 to 4.4 from 1996 to 2012, 1995 is when Texas passed concealed carry laws.In 1994 began issuing CHL, the murder rate has gone from 10.5 to 6.2California, which has no CHL permit for the public nor offers reciprocity to other states.I'm not saying that more guns will save your society, but there is ample proof that taking them from law abiding citizens only increases crime."God made man, Colt made them equal."The gun manufacturing industry in Connecticut is the golden goose that that Connecticut is about to drive out of the state. Do I hear Texas calling?????

Makes no sense at all...It was not an assault rifle used at Sandy Hook!

People that's never own or shot a gun  is scared the hello out of them.Guns kill yes. They also protect us. Guns don’t kill people   People kill people.

This tragedy of Sandy Hook is being used to push what the liberals have wanted to do all along:  restrict guns, register guns, and then confiscate guns.  Pure and simple.  If they really wanted to stop these massacres, they would have professional armed guards at all schools(leave it up to locals the details) and address mental illness.  But that is not their agenda.  Gun confication is.

say good by to your jobs from making guns/ammo you idiots

Pass all the laws you want.  All you are really doing is turning honest law abiding people into criminals, because I find it very hard to believe we the American people will register our weapons.  I also find it very hard to believe we the American people would not be able to find ammo.  Why are you so intent on turning good people into criminals?  Drugs are illegal and you are failing miserably stopping them, guns are our right and you only want the bad people having them.  Wake up to what is happening right in front of you.

just ignore them conn.,thats what we are doing here in ny.

when did we Americans let the rabid children, the libs, run things again?

Almost all gun murders in the US involve small handguns. These hippies need to admit they are against guns entirely and stop being big fat #$%$ about it.

A vote for gun control by ANY politician= A politician NOT getting reelected to office come their nex election. The Demorats need to remember that millions of Real Americans are purchasing guns right now...that means we do not want gun control...AT ALL!! Remember that when you pretend to talk tough!Funny, I've come to think of LIBERALS and AMERICA HATERS as being roughly the same thing.

Gun control Mexico LOVES unarmed Americans.  Liberals, who hate America, are welcome to emigrate anytime soon.

No amount of gun control would have prevented what happened. Remember, the "assault" rifle wasn't even taken out of the vehicle by anyone other than the police!

The Sandy Hook school had video surveillance so where is the video showing the shooter with the AR-15. The AR-15 wasn't used, the AR-15 was left in the shooters car trunk like it was originally reported. A week into the Columbine school shooting the media was having a field day posting pics of the shooters with their guns at the school. We are being lied to.

The AR-15 was never used in the Newtown incident!  The shooter was forced and brainwashed by the Obama administration, so was the Colorado theater shooter.

CT ought to just admit it wants to join North Korea and quit pretending otherwise.

Hmmmm.. Liberals create "gun-free" zone, then psycho kids goes nuts and starts shooting people, no one has a firearm in this "gun-free" zone to stop him so he kills unabated.....Ive got it! More gun laws!!!IDIOTS.

The weekly Yahoo Conn. story...getting old now.

Oh sure let's keep blaiming the objects and restricting the rights of innocent people and STILL not solve a god d(a)mned thing. It's funny with the thousands of laws on the books already Adam Lanza was able to break more than 40 of them. Gun laws do nothing and even if these laws pass the weapons that are already legally owned will still be around. So once again these laws do nothing and if you suggest confiscation you truly are a traitor to your own country and you don't deserve to be here.

Stop focusing on the tool and start focusing on the mental health issue. All of these high profile shooters were mentally ill.Background checks and gun restrictions wouldn't have stopped the Sandy Hook shooter. He was UNDER AGE &amp; he STOLE those guns.COMMON SENSE... USE IT!!!Was it a one sided panel? We know the answer to that question. Connecticut get the unemployment checks ready when Colt moves.

The only thing they missed was a law that made it illegal for criminals to break laws. Oh wait, that is what a criminal does, so these laws are useless.

Sandy Hook CONTROL YOUR NUT CASES.

So let me get this straight.....Lanza kills his own Mother, a legal gun owner, while she sleeps. He then travels to a school, kills children and you all blame the guns and 'registration'?Lanza broke 47 laws in his maniacal spree and again you will blame 'guns' and not the person?So next time 50+ laws will be broken from another stolen set of guns and you will blame WHO???? Or what??????

Why are they blaming the guns and not the lunatic that did this??  It must not be politically correct to lock up dangerous looneys anymore.  When a drunk driver kills someone do we blame the driver or the car?  I haven't heard about the banning of cars.

This is so wrong. NO MORE GUN CONTROL!!!!!

More knee-jerk stupidity that will solve nothing. What a waste!

How many gun manufactures are in Connecticut???????? Say good by to them Connecticut!!!!

Talk to a Connecticut man sometime.  They invariably act cowed, apologetic for being male, shamed, trying to pretend NOT to be a guy.It truly is painful to watch... how the man hater feminists in that state have TRAINED the males.  No wonder they just go whacko one day, to finally just assert themselves.

Frankly, running on no budget, blowing borrowed dollars, threatening drone strikes on Americans who merely want to live in peace -- all of this and more sure seems like TREASON, like giving aid to the enemies of America.  Does it not?In the pic, are those American Burkahs?

If there was a principal or a teacher with a gun the losses would have been far less.

Oh no the black helicopters are coming!  Run to the bunker and put on your Depends.

The Pharmaceutical lobby is the biggest in the country and more people die from Drugs approved by the FDA and then recalled every year, then gun deaths in the last 5.120,000 people die every year from FDA Recalled Drugs With another 320,000people waiting to see if their lawsuit will go through, If you're for stopping people frombeing killed, Fire Arms would be 18'th on your list of killers of Americans.

I sure am glad I live in Texas now if the nuts from the north will just stop moving south.

And ...talk about the fact that 90 million people with over 300 million guns killed no one last year. He also doesn’t mention that over 2.5 million people used guns to save their lives last year and in most of those cases, simply pulling the gun stopped the crime

Join the NRA or other gun organization.  These organizations stand up for the 2nd amendment.  How do you think we've managed to keep our rights thus far?

what is amatter with these dem s liberals these laws do nothing too stop crime   vote 2014

When it comes to voter ID laws democrats claim millions and millions of people do not have photo ID"S. Then how can you do background checks on people with no phot ID

It is said that Americans vote with their wallets, well the last I checked FireArms Manufacturers were doing Damn Well! I would like to think that the liberal gun grabbers like Feinstein, Bloomberg, Obama, and Biden might just barely be smart enough to figure out that this means Americans do NOT want gun control! Now please keep this in mind, throw away your failed agenda and leave our Constitutional Rights alone!IGM, the rest of you are in trouble...

Anyone else think the chick in the picture is F#cking #$%$??

I want the sign making concession

Thousands of people may die from starvation in the next week, but you just keep focusing on a few from gun violence. You can find and help hunger, but trying to find out who is crazy takes a lot more effort. I guess the hungry are less important to legislation.

These nimrods just don't get it. There is a Constitution in place that DOES NOT ALLOW breach of rights like this.

Anyone notice that 99% of the comments on these gun control articles are pro gun rights, yet the politicians tell us that we (the people of the United States) want more gun control?I think (know) they (Feinstine and Biden, among others) are lying to us.

To many of our elected officials are just plain traitors and need to be removed from public office.  They take the oath to protect the Constitution and then trample it any time they please.. Its time for another Revolution.....

Boycott Yahoo for continuing to cover only the antigun side of this controversy!!!!!!Its proof that Yahoo supports the socialist Anti-gun agenda.

Oook, how about having the teachers take training on the use of C.S. and or tear gas and or mace. You know those little airesol cans that you carry on your belt or a purse. If they have a problem with that,  then go to using bear repellant. At least those Conn people and school teachers won't be completely defenceless, like they have been and will be.

Why do Democrats want to disarm Americans when the Department of Homeland Security has bought 1.6 BILLION bullets??? That's roughly 5 for every man woman and child in America, allowing them to kill us all, even if they're terrible shots.the picture of an ar15 shows there stupidity as only pistols were used.

All I see is a bunch of Elmer Fudd looking woman in the photo.

That state should join the republic of mexihole what a effffing joke, liberals are a disease

Most of the nuts in Conneticcut are the state gov't themselves.

STOOOOOOOPID

CT will soon open the flood gates to more criminal element.....

"The recommendations would tighten Connecticut gun laws, which are already among the most stringent in the United States."  Then, maybe, you could logically conclude, that stricter gun measures aren't needed, but the people need to start arming themselves to protect against another tragedy...

Gun laws don't affect the people who don't follow the laws.   No matter how many you pass...it will only limit the freedoms of the people out to do no harm in the first place!

Just say no (to gun control).

That's OK.  My making the recommendations SO shocking, they negate their credibility and make the governor look bad, since he appointed the commission.It only makes sense.  LIBERALS' first allegiance is NOT to America or to the US Constitution, it is to foreign, globalist marxist interests, making them, naturally, ENEMIES of America.

ill give up my guns when they pry my cold dead hand from it as the late great mr heston said. ive never been in trouble with the law in my life i pay my own way and ill be damed if ill give up my freedom and rights, my family has served this country in every war since the civil war (northern side) to protect these rights, bloomberg and osama hussain may raise billions of dollars but im not for sale, and there is no such thing as security its impossible, and you cant trust the police remember that storm that hit new orleans cops shot people trying to get out and the goverment left helpless people to die in the street, think people think with a clear mind, theses shooting can be helped but if somone really wants to do somthing horrible they will find a way its that simple think think think,

Never mind Al Qaeda, by pushing this issue, libs clearly expose themselves as the TRUE ENEMIES of America.

They are cutting off their noses to spite their faces.

Registration is confiscation.  any official that votes for this infringement of citizen rights should be tarred, feathered and kicked out the United states.

Don't TREAD ON ME SHEEPS!

WHEN THE GOVERNMENT treats them like slaves and they have no guns to fight back i wont help those punch of fools !!!!!!

Gun control is bad news! Tighter restriction will not change anything.Look what recently happened in Florida, College student killshimself, found in his room ,bomb making  materials and weapons. College area's have bans on" no weapons". So we know these tighter laws don't work. Enforce the laws that are on the books.

The ideas about school door locks are good ones. Otherwise, none of the doltish, simple minded, knee jerk 'gun control' legislation described above would've stopped Adam Lanza, so what, exactly, do they think it will accomplish?  The reality is that it will only punish decent, law abiding, tax paying gun owners (and probably create a revenue stream for the state of CT)...

While the democrats are passing new gun laws, they are trying to end stop and frisk. They claim it violates the civil rights of  black males. I guess that means white guys who belong to the NRA do not have rights.the little commie farts are everywhere!

What are the chances that the moron in the picture realizes that THERE WAS NOT A RIFLE USED IN SANDY HOOK? Not very good.

People if you havent checked out the Wayne Lapierre speech at CPAC2013, it is on YouTube and it was truthful, passionate and inspiring. Of course the kind of common sense the Liberal Democrats cant understand. But it serves as a reminder that if you have not already done so, support the NRA, become a member, and lets ALL STAND TOGETHER!

Libs are SO into the police state, they really ought to love the vile W Bush.  He fits right into their vibe.

Why do SandyHook gun control advocates continue to use an image of an assault rifle like the one in this report, when investigative authorities confirned that 'four HANDGUNS' were recovered from the school after the alleged shooting? Why does the coroner who performed the autopsies on all the alleged victims state that all were killed by a rifle?? Why hasn't psychotropic drugs, a common element in all the recent mass shootings been investigated or at least mentioned? Too many questions to be simply erased by a 'Gun Control' agenda.

Maybe they should wave a photo of a violent video game with a slash through it.  Violent video games are more to blame in this case than any amount of guns.  Lanza meticulously plotted this for years and chose a target rich environment with no obstacles to get the highest score possible.

infowars reports that the same government group that false flagged ok city is back in motion...

...and the marxists thought this NEO bolshevik revolution was going to go so smooth.  They must be literally SEETHING now.

TEXAS, please, if you LOVE American freedoms and liberties, consider TEXAS.Low taxes, low costs, sun, warm, happy people, cosmopolitan cities, more private sector jobs being created than in any state.Despite the LIB propaganda, when you take the Texas border counties near Mexico out of the equation, Texas schools and other demographics stack up favorably against nearly any city in the US -- heck, CA schools are WORSE on average.

SO GLAD I left that beyond pathetic state fifteen years ago, for Texas.The Left will do anything to keep from address the real issues!!!!!!!!!!!

this is so stupid--trying to make laws that serve to curtail honest Americans and does nothing to solve the problems that face the real world--status quo for the politicians and nothing for the people either involved or  not--I say again to the politicians---get off your #$%$ and do your damn jobs rather than sit on your lame butt and try to pass laws that take away the rights of the public at large!

How about re instating government backed mental health facilities? Just a thought.

NOTHING will change, not punishing law abiding gun owners or any other looney liberal idea, until guns are kept out of the hands of the mentally ill. People who plead guilty but mentally ill in court cases, who have been committed, who are court ordered to therapy and medication can still buy guns. That is the main problem.

UNLIKE the OTHER 7,250,000,000 humans on Earth, we 320,000,000 American SINGULARLY are not the subjects or proles of a tyrant government, but we are actually the MASTERS, the employers of our government servants.This arrangement is unique in all the world -- it means WE AMERICANS are free and nobody can take that away from us without trying to destroy us. But liberals have never been known for tolerance or acceptance of diverse views...

Find the FACTS about Newtown, not the propaganda. And the Second Amendment states "shall not be infringed". Some people just don't get it. Enforce laws that are already on the books.

What a shame that opportunist see this as way to push gun control. Really a gun regsitry is going to prevent another incident like Sandy Hook? Backround check sure! Register my gun so it can be taken from a few from now? No thanks...

more useless laws on guns

I thought the Sandy Hook shooter used a hand gun. Why are they still going after semi automatic firearms?

So they are going to lock all the doors. Why don't I see anything about arming some staff members so that we can save some lives next time?Laws mean nothing unless you are able to enforce them. LEO's have neither the time or the resources to "fight crime" now as it is, let alone trying to enforce the already tough gun laws we have in place in CT. AND, I'm so glad Malloy convened a bipartisan commission to look into this and that it was well represented by people on both sides of the issue....NOT....what a joke!!  This isn't democracy Danal ol' boy, better enjoy it, your political days are numbered.

more sheep for criminals

I wonder if you attached a knife to the end it would be a "arms".

I bet that lady with the poster has no idea what kind of weapon that is... nor does she have a clue what the technical jargon means for any weapons system. Hypocrite! How can you protest something you don't understand!?

You can gun control all you like.... The weapons will just be available thru the black market..

How About Mark Mattioli, whose 6-year-old son James was killed at Sandy Hook, got a standing ovation when he said there are plenty of gun laws but they're not properly enforced. He urged lawmakers to address the culture of violence."It's a simple concept. We need civility across our nation," he said. "What we're seeing are symptoms of a bigger problem. This is a symptom. The problem is not gun laws. The problem is a lack of civility." This is one rational man..

yes but all the old laws. and all new laws combined  still would not have stopped adam lanza.

The FIRST LIBERAL.First God created Adam, then, taking a rib, He created Eve.Adam took his first dump.  "LOOK Adam!" God says, "you have just created the FIRST LIBERAL!"

the next time you encounter a liberal, thank them, maybe with a nice HARD squeeze, for destroying America a bit more...

the US Military is SWORN to defend the US Constitution against ALL enemies foreign AND domestic.  Not sworn to defend the President, nor sworn to defend Woody Allen type liberals, nor sworn to defend Nancy Pelosi...This Liberal WAR against America, when was it declared?

under liberals, it is guilty until proven innocent.under liberals, you are presumed to be a CHILD, in need of control and guidance.under liberals, the STATE owns you, so you better ask nicely else they destroy you for being insolent.

Just look at history:  "This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration. Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future." ADOLPH HITLER 1935

Registration is against the law... these laws will not fly...

What would YOU DO if there was a class of people living among you who constantly berated the country you love and its constitution, who constantly CONSPIRED to UNDERMINE the nation in any and EVERY way possible?

Since the state already had a ban on what they call "Assault Weapons" does that mean they now get double banned?It is also very interesting that the video showing the first cops on the scene removing the AR from the trunk of the wacko's car has mysteriously been removed from public view.  Maybe because the AR was never used since he obviously didn't return to the car to stow the gun.

I can't stand these people anymore...........

Let's not let facts, logic, or Constitutional Law get in the way of a "good' Marxist coup.

Guns don't kill, Humans do. Use your brain.

The photo shows only women. Are they the only ones pushing this bill? As far as I am concerned they are all nuts. They show a picture of a ar15 there was non used in this incident. Leave it alone why should I be disarmed and not the bad guy? Any law passed limiting my rights to self defence is agianst the constitution. Punish the perp not honest people. There was just a explosion in Nv. that killed military personell. It was caused by honest gun owners.........The gun in the picture was not even used.  Have ya'll read the new report today that stated that Adam planned this for months and he learned tactics from Violent Video Games.  Hummmmm maybe we are proposing a ban on the wrong thing.

Here we go, registration. guess whats next?

Go ahead let them take away ur rights dum #$%$

Among all the government gun control hoopla guns and ammo have never sold better &amp; at the most premiun prices.  Oh, and of course all the gun/ammo transfers are duly registered - ya think? (not).  The government has been the best ever free advertisers for the gun/ammo market.  Once again, what a bunch of idiots.

Libs want to ban guns because kids die, but promote abortion.  ?

The scene moves from Colo to Conn.  Soon to be in a state near you.  I thought if it was a Fed Law, it trumped state law, so all these laws are against the law.  At least that's what Obama has said.

Second Amendment? These politicians really expect people to comply with this? Gun registration and background checks? Really.....Really? Prosecute and execute the bad guys under existing laws and leave the rest of us the hell alone.

People get a Grip...get over this BS... it was a Killing..not a Shooting ... you will Not stop someone..... if He or She wants to Kill ..you could kill with a fork if someone wanted to kill... Nothing to do with Guns or bullet Magazines...you stupid people....waste your time on more important Issues.... If you like living Free in America ...you better look hard at the people in Congress , Politicians, ,,,,,they are Takeing away your Rights and you don't even have a clue...

Slowly but surely, and step by step, the liberals will pass laws and eventually confiscate our weapons!  The sad thing is that NO ASSAULT RIFLE was used at Sandy Hook (which was staged and orchestrated anyway!).

Just some facts from Paul Harvey.* 1929 the Soviet Union established gun control. From 1929to 1953, approximately 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, wererounded up and exterminated.*In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915-1917, 1.5 millionArmenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.*Germany established gun control in 1938 and from 1939 to1945, 13 million Jews, gypsies, homosexuals, the mentally ill, and others, whowere unable to defend them, were rounded up and exterminated.*China established gun control in 1935. From 1948 to 1952,20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded upand exterminated.*Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From 1964 to1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up andexterminated.*Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971 to 1979,300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up andexterminated.*Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From 1975 to1977, one million “educated” people, unable to defend themselves, were roundedup and exterminated.*That places total victims who lost their lives because ofgun control at approximately 56 million in the last century. Since we shouldlearn from the mistakes of history, the next time someone talks in favor of guncontrol, find out which group of citizens they wish to have exterminated.Paul Harvey, 2nd amendment protects our freedoms, if it goes there goes our freedom and our republic for good.A government big enough to give everything you want is also big enough to take everything you have!Should these "recommendations" become law, they will not be enforceable due to no criminal element will obey them. Only the lawful populace will tow the line and do what the liberal government will demand. I can see private sales go through a back round check unless it is to an immediate family member. Gun Show sales? Aren't all the dealers FFL's and do they feel that if they skirt the law, just for the money, they won't get caught and go to jail for 20 years? I still think that AG Holder should go to jail and not to some sort of "Club Fed" resort for the "Fast and Furious" debacle. And take your Boss with you. Oops... the elite are exempt!The Bill of Rights that was set down by our forefathers is slowly being eroded away. Socialism is coming and the POTUS is the leader. It doesn't work. It took Russia almost 80 years and millions dead to discover that. Wake up America! Don't be a Lemming!

Why in the hell is that person holding  picture of a AR15. FOR THE LAST TIME PEOPLE. LEARN YOUR FACTS. PISTOLS WERE USED NOT A DAMN RIFLE #$%$!!!  The rifle was in the trunk of the car and not used . Damn !!!

our government fears us allgo NRA

Law makers are obviously unplugged and pandering to people that think any of this would have changed the outcome of Sandy Hook. NONE...NOTHING...NADA on these proposed legislations can fix a sick mans head. He stole them from mommy...all checks averted!

Look to Mexico to see how strict gun laws DO NOT WORK!  It's the people!  In fact disarming law abiding Americans does nothing to stop criminals.  Even if you could confiscate all guns male criminals can easily overpower women and children.

its NOT about GUN CONTROL folks...........its about CONTROL.......PERIOD!!

I did not read one "recommendation" that any Criminal would obey.So....How will this prevent another massacre?

The feds were almost certainly involved with Sandy Hook.  FEMA was holding a "training exercise" 20 miles away at the exact same time!  Coincidence?  Not a chance.  Earlier the feds supplied thousands of assault weapons that killed scores of innocent people.  Also to provided an excuse for a new assault weapon ban.  Look up "Fast and Furious people killed", "FEMA training during Sandy Hook shooting", "bloomberg planned massacre".

A person steals guns, (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW), shoots and kills his own mother (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW), transports these guns loaded (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW), brings guns onto school property (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW), breaks into the school (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW), discharges the weapons within city limits (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW), murders 26 people (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW), and commits suicide (WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW).And there are people in this country that somehow think passing ANOTHER LAW banning guns would protect us from someone like this. If you haven't noticed, people like this are not concerned about breaking laws - they only care about fulfilling their own twisted agenda.The only people that a gun ban law would impact are the LAW ABIDING CITIZENS, which will only serve to cripple the ability to protect ourselves.

Libs create 80% of these tragedies.  Just outlaw libs from owning guns.Better yet, just outlaw LIBERALS.["The recommendations would tighten Connecticut gun laws, which are already among the most stringent in the United States"]     ENOUGH SAID!

What idiots.....that gun wasn't even used! Anything for the AGENDA!

knee jerk feel good recommendations

criminals dont follow the laws you cruptioncrats

don't look at me i didn't vote for any of them!!

This is my rifle. There are many like it, but this one is mine.My rifle is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life. My rifle, without me, is useless. Without my rifle, I am useless. I must fire my rifle true. I must shoot straighter than my enemy who is trying to kill me. I must shoot him before he shoots me. I will...My rifle and I know that what counts in this war is not the rounds we fire, the noise of our burst, or the smoke we make. We know that it is the hits that count. We will hit...My rifle is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its sights and its barrel. I will keep my rifle clean and ready, even as I am clean and ready. We will become part of each other. We will...Before God, I swear this creed. My rifle and I are the defenders of my country. We are the masters of our enemy. We are the saviors of my life.So be it, until victory is America's and there is no enemy, but peace!

When people act out of emotional impulse,nothing really get's done.Iam not sure what the percentage of death's that occure between rifle's,pistol's and assault rifle's in Connecticut.I will guarantee that assault weapon's rank the lowest.I have been in Ct all my life and this state is home to some of the most naive people you could imagine.

If these people are so dead set about banning firearms and amo and clips why don't they just do like the Russians build a 12 foot chainlink fence around their town not allowing guns and amo to their citzens and be sure to put barb wire on the top. Only let the towns people in and be sure to tell them when they want out that they can't come back.This way they would get what they want and leave the rest of us alone. Why change the whole country because of what Sandy Hook wants.If this is what they want the Sandy Hook City Council can adopt a city ordince that requires a ban on what type fire arms are allowed in that city. Then all the stores that sell these products will move taking their tax money with them and the folks that work their can get on wellfare.

So, what makes us Americans potential drone targets?Disagreeing with Dear Leader?  Maybe NOT smiling enough?

I just want to know WHEN the mass trials for treason -- the hauling in of all these anti American liberals -- begin.Communazis say what?

America hating liberals need to just shut up and let the ADULTS run things.

The RACIST marxist LIB organ LA Times reported last week that ALL white men were terrorists.THIS is the depth of TREASON we Americans are dealing with...

He left the AR-15 in his car. Investigators found partially filled cartridge which means he was switching them out before they were even empty. These people are idiots.

Registration of all guns is just the first step to confiscating the gun. What they need to look at is stopping the mentally ill from getting guns. All anyone has proposed has been to punish law abiding citizens and not addressing the real problem. Start with the violent video games and movies then go from there. Those lobbyists have done everything to keep from being looked at when that is where the shooters have started.

KEEP AGITATING, LIBS, you are only helping the gun owner cause

read the report on drudge about how  the killer planned this for years and how he gamed it out like a video game,crazy people do crazy things .Then think of all the blame that has been placed in the wrong areas and tell me how its fair to take peoples rights because of a crazy person.

The real agenda is to separate you from your 2A Rights in order to more easily separate you from your property and your life.

Remember, it's not about safety or about children. It's about control!!

I never knew yankees were this dumb or guliable. I know a bunch of them, I just don't know what has happened.Connecticut is SO PATHETIC, it has not created ONE NET private sector job in THREE DECADES.  Its cities -- Bridgeport, New Haven, Hartford -- are among the poorest in the WORLD, making Nairobi look cosmopolitan and rich.

Having grown up in Connecticut, I can tell you that state is beyond pathetic in so many ways -- the whole lib propaganda machine keeps pushing this bright eyed fantasy about the state, but the truth is that the spread between wealth and poverty in Fairfield County is GREATER than in BRAZIL.

Typical "bait n switch" by the libs. No "assault-rifle" was used at Sandy Hook, but don't let any facts get in the way of a leftists argument. "The right to bear arms shall not be infringed".

It was a "gun free zone" that enabled the shooter's success ! I am a gun owner, and will defend myself, my family, property, community, state and country against criminals, including corrupt career politicians and all they send to disarm and enslave us, both foreign and domestic. I am duty bound by the Pledge of Allegiance, our Constitution, the 2nd Amendment and as an American citizen to do so.

Well if you're going to keep us from defending ourselves, then you damned well better put more cops on patrol and not in Dunkin Donuts. And don't tell people that you can't do anything until the abusive spouse or rapist actually does rape you. And stop showing up an hour after the crime was called in !!!!!

Obama preserves US-Mexico food stamp 'partnership,' while USDA prepares for meat inspector furloughs for our meat.

The liberals are overjoyed whenever a mass shooting takes place. It gives them the opportunity to press their gun control agenda while preying on the emotions of others. They will exploit any tragedy in order to get what they want. But the saddest part is that everything they propose does nothing to stop someone who is set on mass murder. That can only be done by a good guy or gal with a gun.

LAST YEAR, scientists found out a bacterium in cats, when transferred to humans, makes the humans suicidal.  You can SEE where this is going.  Since LIBERALS own the vast majority of those filthy beasts, you can see why most libs are so angry and depressed, why they do not trust THEMSELVES with guns -- THUS they presume everyone else is just as untrustworthy and suicidal...

In Europe, you are a sitting duck when your house is burglarized.  Libs despise humanity, so of course they want us all to be victims.

Abolish the keystone 2nd Amendment, and the rest of our rights fall like so many dominoes...Thank your nearest lib for BRINGING down America.if these anti guns nuts had a brain it would rattle

get a life connecti#$%$   bad violent video games and movies.  get medical help for nutcases.  stop taking it out on the 99% good people!!!!

Mr.Mattioli had it right all along.He lost a son in that hell hole too.This country has lost all civility toward the neighbors that live around them.Most people dont even know them,or even try.The only time they meet is when the offending dude next doors dog craps in their yard.I am soo lucky to live in a place where I can step out to go to the store without deadbolting everything down.And my neighbor will ask to pick him up the newspaper on my way.

A Nation gets the government it deserves!andThe People have spoken!You (Generally speaking.) voted those bums into office. NOW LIVE WITH IT!

Colt Firearms, I KNOW you virtually founded Hartford, but PLEASE, consider moving to FREEDOM FRIENDLY Texas... the NATION of TEXAS, a Super America, an America the rest of the socialist infested US WISHES it could have been.

"while prohibiting all armor-piercing and incendiary bullets."...yeah, that would have stopped most gun violence...I'm curious how many criminals used those $2+ per bullets in crimes. Some more non-sense laws here's your perfect example.

More emotionalism masquerading as journalism.  The woman in the photo holding a sign requesting the ban on semi-auto firearms is fraudulent and emotionalism at its worst when you consider that the shooter at Sandy Hook used only 2 handguns for his massacre.   The entire country saw the film of the police removing his semi-auto rifle from the trunk of his car AFTER he was dead.  No rifle of any kind was used at Sandy Hook.It does not make anyone one bit safer to blame an inanimate object for the sins of a mentally ill person.  Banning guns of any kind will NOT make anyone safer.  Gun Free Zones are the preferred venue of all mass shooters because there is almost zero chance that anyone will have the fire power to fight back.

these peice of paper are a big waste of time,as they have no real way to enforce them, just feel good smoke and mirrors, if a person wants a gun, them is over 800 millions of then in the US,so I say make all the laws you want but they will have no real meaning...

Fort Hood Shooter- registered Democrat and MuslimColumbine Shooters- too young to vote, both came from families who were registered Democrats.Virginia Tech Shooter- registered DemocratAurora Colorado Shooter- registered Democrat and Obama campaign staff memberConnecticut Shooter- registered DemocratThe common thread is the are all progressive Liberal Democrats. To be fair, for the sake of the children we should make it illegal for Democrats to buy guns. You don't see conservative NRA members committing mass murder.

"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Ben Franklinthey are full of so much BULL!!

The feds were almost certainly involved with Sandy Hook.  FEMA was holding a "training exercise" 20 miles away at the exact same time!  Coincidence?  Not a chance.  Earlier the feds supplied thousands of assault weapons that killed scores of innocent people.  Also to provided an excuse for a new assault weapon ban.  Look up "Fast and Furious people killed", "FEMA training during Sandy Hook shooting", "bloomberg planned massacre".

Under Fast and Furious thousands of assault weapons were supplied to drug gangs and scores of innocent people died. All to justify a new assault weapon ban by claiming US gun stores supplied those weapons.  How can we trust them?  Are the latest excuses more Fast and Furious type operations?  Google "people killed fast and furious".

The killers mother was TRYING to get him committed, but was running into obstacles.  One would think the solitude he was in, a giant 4x7 spreadsheet, and how obsessed he was with violent video games and guns would have been clue enough for this state.  I guess that's why they are "delaying" their action on the mental health part.

Goose stepping and straight arm salutes next, in a neighborhood near you.

stricter gun laws would not of prevented sandy hook. The mother would of passed all background checks............

Conn. do want you want in your state, shut the fac up about the rest of country.

registration means confiscation

Why is it that the law abiding gun owner has to take it on the chin everytime something happens that we have no control over, face even more legal herdles and do everything except stand on our heads? I just don't understand your problem(meaning this so called panel put togeather by Molloy, more like a witch hunt I should say) wanting to impose more dam gun controls, what are you trying to prove? Say what you want do what you want but understand this, If some one wants to commit a crime with a firearm come hell or high water that someone will do it, on the other hand a law abiding citizen will obey the law, the criminals, the nut cases, the drug dealers, the gang warfare crew I'm sure will comply with the law also, corret me if I am wrong but dosen't the law apply to everyone equally? for those of you who think more gun control will work I have only this to say "go get a life in Utopia", you won't find it here on earth

I like how the gun is in front of the ban symbol. They got it right, guns are above being banned. back to the woods sheep.I love all this gun control talk! You cry baby libs are selling a "WHOLE BUNCH"of guns!

Blah blah blah you lose, next farce please

The gov cannot require a permit for one to exercise a right.  Maybe a permit to speak, ar attend church should be required.  A permit should be required to have an abortion, as its not even a right or mentioned in the bill of rights.

ok lets analyze this. registration of all fireaRMS...CONSTITUTIONALLY ILLEGAL. Background checks...will probably happen anyway you look at it, if they are not already doing them with their "stringent laws". Door locks do very little against a firearm so thats just lame on every level. and ammunition purchases for registered firearms only? seriously?i am all for that law...cause its impossible to enforce, and a completely worthless piece of legislation. i will simply buy ammo for my registered gun and my unregistered gun at the same time... cause they are the same caliber said the criminal..Liberal law makers once again proving their ignorance. Armorr piercing Ammo? illegal in most places already to my knowledge. banning mags that hold 10 rounds? how about the ones that already manufactured for the last 113 years?

They can pass all the laws they want but I'm not registering my guns!!!!

if conn. tightens anymore then it is already it will be a confication get ready why do you think they want to register all firearms study hitler he done the exact same thing. only here they will be called FEMA camps get ready for it.

Any discussion on mental illness?  Perhaps the waste, fraud and abuse already in place could be corrected and the saved billions could be put in to the mental health system.  Just an idea for the people who love the Constitution.

you are not getting mine and I WILL not be registering my guns.

just more laws that the criminals and insane will ignore. lol

This article is misleading- the actual recommendation is to ban ANY FIREARM CAPABLE OF FIRING MORE THAN TEN ROUNDS. Not magazines, but vitually all semiauto handguns and longguns. These blissninnies are bonkers if they think thats going to happenI LOVE how the more liberals push this issue, the BETTER it is for us LOVERS OF THE US CONSTITUTION.

We will not comply! What part of "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED" do you not understand? This is not about gun control - it is about control! Government is our servant - not our master!

SO where were all you supposed patroits when GW passed the PATROIT ACT? so lets see it basically suspended due process, call them an enemy combatant and you can do what ever you like to them, hold them for ever without charges, the right to eavesdrop on electronic communication here and abroad, listen in on phone calls from the USA to foriegn countries without a warrant. I bet most of you were rallied around that drum beat of war and swept up in the "PATROIT" fevor that was the run of the country at that time. A war by the way that cost us 4000+ american and for what? You second amendment people are the worst because if someone disagrees with you they are not true americans, I beleive that the real patroit is the individual who stands up for what is right and not necassarly popular. 90% of american beleive in back round checks if it stops 1 incident like this then it is well worht it. What you believe that if the feds really want to take your guns away they could not? Well they would just pry it from you cold dead hand. I am so tired of this WOLVERINE mentality. you are all abunch of putz's

The Connecticut State Rifle &amp; Revolver Association did not immediately respond to requests for commentwhat can they say? Of course they do ha Wayne LaPerrie as a mouth piece.

The Founding Fathers tried every legal means possible to right the wrongs imposed by the King of England.  What they did is a good plan and I plan to follow it.

HA! Illegal gun owners will not register their guns ... try again

NO................................................................................................................

So, libs, when do you begin to drop drone bombs on those of us not smiling and agreeing all the time with Obama?

You kidding?  Libs LOVE their guns, particularly when using them to tax sheep at gunpoint, or when they are actors who need to protect themselves.  It is the REST OF US they do not want to be equal to them.

Why keep putting up the picture of the assault weapon.The lying liberal press is poisoning peoples minds.That weapon was not used.Why can't you at least tell the truth.Sources said that Lanza's shooting spree lasted less than five minutes and that he fired 152 bullets while making his way through two classrooms in the elementary school. Lanza had hundreds more rounds of ammunition either on him or in the car that he drove to the school.Sources said that Lanza retrieved the guns used in the shooting from a vault that his mother kept in the house. Police do not know whether Adam Lanza knew the combination to the vault or if Nancy Lanza did not keep it locked. Lanza used a Bushmaster AR-15 semiautomatic rifle to shoot his victims and a pistol to kill himself.Lanza shot his way into the school through the glass windows at the front entrance and turned left toward the first-grade classrooms. He almost immediately encountered Principal Dawn Hochsprung and school psychologist Mary Scherlach, who ran into the hallway from a meeting room, which would have been on Lanza's right. He shot them both to death immediately.

Why of course they do. They're not interested in justice for their lost kids, no they want to take this to the political arena and try to get their hands on law abiding citizens guns. Fools, do they honestly think one more gun restriction added to the 20,000 already on the books will make criminal stop killing their kids? I'm tired of seeing these "victims" paraded out in front of the camera, I'm tired of seeing Gabby Giffords husband parade his half brain dead wife in front of the camera while he buys an AR 15 and a Colt 1911 hand gun. I don't care about the victim anymore, I don't care if 100 kids get shot to death. If you want to protect them, place guards in the schools, get your kids off of anti depressant drugs, be a freaking parent, until then, keep your hands off my Constitutional rights. You'll never get my guns, you'll never get my 40 or 100 round magazines. Let me reiterate, I don't care for your lose, so stop trying to tug at my heartstrings, this regime has severed them  for all intent and purposes.

Join the NRA (or any other gun rights group).....seriously....

Obviously Connecticut's strict gun laws didn't work the first time.

These people are the ones us gun owners need to be worried about. infringing on our rights while not raising their children properly.  They fear guns out of their own ignorance to them and their fear on how they think they would act if they had a gun.

All these proposed security improvements in schools are nothing but a waste of money !!! They will not stop mass killings of adults and children if some mentally disturbed - not stupid - person wants to do it again. The well intentioned Commission and protestors  think future shooters will try the same methods that were used at Sandy Hook.  These psychos are not stupid !!!  E.G. A shooter is at the school when hundreds of students are getting off the busses and entering the school. Schoolbusses can carry up to (60) children each. All the locked doors and bulletproof glass won't help at all. Without an armed guard or teacher everybody outside the school is an easy kill. Again I say- these psychos are NOT STUPID !!

so you want to take everyones 2and amendment rights away for ever, because of one shooter, and 20 kids who  died..to #$%$ bad......youll never get my gun, .....sorry about the victims, but if that is what makes my rights invalid...then i don't give a dam about you, the victims, the congress, sandy hook,etc, etc, etc..............

and while we are on the subject......ASSAULT IS A BEHAVIOR NOT A DEVICE........

Rifle was in the trunk, why the sign with the rifle on it? If fewer deaths are to happen Homeland Security and the thugs in it need be dis-banded!

This is the "pond #$%$" mentality that is EDUCATING AND PROTECTING OUR CHILDREN? No wonder we have problems. They are the ones that need to be registered (and BRANDED) as offensive to the core values of our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and just BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS. This is the same garbage propaganda that they are teaching to our young children. This is UNACCEPTABLE!In as much as educators are public servants, their public rants should be the only evidence needed for them to be immediately dismissed from their jobs, tried for treason, sedition and promoting terrorism, and then further banished from the education field with the same equality and vigor as any other child molester or pedophile.You can have my guns....BULLETS FIRST!"Congratulations" to these swine:  A registration, to be shared, no doubt, with the feds and to be renewed on a regular basis - no doubt at a hefty cost, i.e. another de facto tax!

conspiracy theory: why would any one spend $2000.00 for a rifle and shoot up a place when the same effects can be done with a $100.00 shot gun? Sounds like the government is behind it all.

Where are all the stories about the thousands  of lives  that are saved by firearms every year.Not politically correct i guess,hea Yahoo?Not like #$%$ weddings,right?

Under Fast and Furious thousands of assault weapons were supplied to drug gangs and scores of innocent people died. All to justify a new assault weapon ban by claiming US gun stores supplied those weapons.  How can we trust them?  Are the latest excuses more Fast and Furious type operations?  Google "people killed fast and furious".

my comment was deleted by YohooIt was about the 13 colonies and how many people were killed so we could have a Constitution.

The Leftist are being "outed" for what they really are....The Second Amendment is an impediment to their long term agenda in this Country.....They know that at some point people(any people) WILL stand and fight back....The Leftist know that this would be very hazardous to their health....

The reality of all this is the communist government is using these incidents to infringe on our second amendment rights.The purpose of the second amendment is protection of the people against an out of control government.A well armed society is a polite society.

Even though the media has come out and said the lied about an AR15 being used liberals still cling to they're stupidity like it's life support.

Why don't all you crybabies in Conn. just go home and hide in your house

"The 16-member commission of educators, academics, emergency responders, politicians and mental health professionals...."Gee I wonder how many of these people have ever owned a gun. Talk about a one sided panel...registartion,,, make 100million us citizen criminal if they dont,, I will never register my guns,, full auto were registered, and then they banned new ones,, why?? they were NEVER used in a crime,, every country that registered gun have grabbed them,, look up the aussies,, the brits  and on and on,,, who pays for the gun data base, 100-300million guns or more in the usa??  how will that stop the full auto uzi that the dope dealer brings in with the 10lbs of herion??? on second thought hell yeah,,,ban gun then the dope dealers will bring in REAL full auto,, not semi auto clones,, real uzis and ak47/74, m16 g3's  BAN today get streets awash with smuggled guns tomarrow,,, since the drug wars has worked so well,, cant find dope on any usa street right,,, hell USA prision have a drug useage rate 3 times as high as the population and the giv controls it 100%

they should look at the stats on DEATHS by motor vehicles totals versus death by guns , too bad we're outlawing motor vehicles , sounds as stupid as you look !!

I never understood why McCarthyism EVER stopped?

Most self defense use of firearms never result in a shot fired.  They never show up in statistics as "justified homicide".  They may even never be reported to police.  Read the examples published every month in American Rifleman.  Being armed doesn't guarantee you won't be a victim, being unarmed guarantees you will be.

go ahead conn pass all those new laws and regs.then when the gov says he has to raise taxes to pay for all of it you will cry#$%$, and moan. then when you find out that maybe 1 percent of that new tax goes to pay for it and the other 99 percent goes to special interest groups or to line somebodys pockets, you will really cry, #$%$, and moan!

How about reporting on the fact that the rifle in question never left the shooter's trunk? And, was never used in this shooting. The news media in the US is a sham! A bunch of bottom feeders suckling at the teets of human tragedy and promoting the liberal agenda at the cost of truth, justice, and the American way.

you really shouldent have freedom of speech if your trying to take some one elses rights away.

All #$%$...

I wonder why that stupid woman has a picture of a type of rifle that was left in the killers trunk and not used?

The article doesn't mention if they are planning on banning the AR-15, so I wonder if they're going that far? I actually was rather shocked that Connecticut allowed magazines of more then ten rounds in the first place. I had just assumed that all the lefty-states limited you to only ten rounders, and that you had to go to a more "red" state like Kentucky or Texas or what-have-you to be able to buy the larger magazines.Connecticut gun rights folk, IMO, if they "only" limit you to ten round magazines, and gun registration, and universal background checks, and so forth, but do not actually outlaw the AR-15 itself, well then consider yourself very lucky. Here in NY, they outlawed it completely because of the self-righteous imbecile, Governor Cuomo, who in conjunction with the state legislature, rammed through the legislation without the mandatory public review period. To quote him:"Listen, it's simple. No one hunts with an assault weapon. No one needs ten bullets to kill a deer."....except that there is no such thing as an "assault weapon," it's a term that relies solely on the cosmetics of the weapon, not its function. And yes, people DO very much hunt with weapons labeled as "assault weapons." Existing NY state law already limits one to two five round magazines when hunting. And...THE SECOND AMENDMENT IS NOT ABOUT HUNTING. It protects a fundamental right of self-defense.At least in Connecticut, they have allowed public debate, so HOPEFULLY, the Democrats will be reasonable. I have much more respect for a gun control person who acknowledges that there is nothing special about an AR-15, but who just wants to make it more difficult to own any gun to try to keep criminals from getting them, as opposed to the gun control person who doesn't care what any of the facts are and will say, "This is the weapon that was used in the mass shooting, therefore we should ban it."I am so sick of Liberal weaklings knee jerk reactions to everything.  They want pro choice but don't want you to live your life how your choose.  I would love to buy a normal light bulb or send my turd down with one flush but the pansies must stick their noses in everything.

Nice choice in pictures there Yahoo. Somebody tell that lady with the sign that an assault rifle wasn't used at Sandy Hook. I don't know why so many people wishes it was but fact is, it wasn't.

This propasal will only hurt responsible gun owners, its a proven fact that criminals dont care about the laws

Idiots.

I want a pair of 50 cal. machine guns mounted in my front yard beside my Patriot Missles, for home defense and my 2nd admend. rights.

Look at those useful idiots in the picture above.

Northeast becoming both the Birth and Death of Constitutional liberties.

Knee jerk,stressing the jerk.

The supreme court has already stated that gun registration is ILLEGAL, and cannot be placed into effect.  What part of that does these traitors in government not understand?

More "feel-good" legislative proposals for the weak of mind. What's to prevent a gunman from simply boarding a school bus full of kids?  And when you fix that, what's to prevent one going to a school sporting event, a school dance, etc.?It looks like the crime rate is going up, the rapes, burglaries and break ins will increase. Look at the women protesting, you have just sealed your fates. Enjoy it, you built that!!!

Its time to stop useing the dead to gain control over others. Look ahead whats comeing its not guns its IED. See how the gun control will stop that you need inernet control so they can't learn how to make them how far are people willing to give up to be so called safe.

Adam Lanza spent 2 years planning this. He made rules and a spreadsheet plan.   He picked the school partly because it was NOT SECURE.    He had rules like a video game and killed himself to save points.   Register the mentally ill or lock maniacs up.   They seem to be the root cause.  Someone who wants to murder 5 &amp; 6 year old kids won't be stopped by a gun registration scheme.

Good start!

You can't help stupid!

When are we going to grow up and admit that the reasons these shootings happen is not the fault of the gun or how many rounds are in the magazine..Maybe it's the Politically Correct thing to do; blame the gun not the person. If guns made people kill other people; we would have had the "last man standing" with a gun decades ago.This PC BS has gotten out of control; our elected officials can't even admit that people kill people. Gun control will not stop the killing; we need to get to the root cause of the problem and do our best to fix it. These laws only hurt the law abiding citizens; criminals will still be doing bad things.We're moving toward becoming a nation of sheep, waiting to be slaughtered.

Hey lady holding the sign in the above picture....You are dumber than a rock.  Wake up fool!

I,m sorry I still do not think Newtown shooting happened,There still hasnt been a shell count,or pics of the crime scene shown,or any other items to prove it happened,excecpt what was shown on tv.I beleave Obumo has set this up to control the us  an that is all!!!!!

is the government afraid of the public getting tired of thier BS and they want to ban the only gun we could use to defend ourself from them? I believe we are more divided now than before the civil war. Our president wants to divide all so it will be easier to push his socialist objectives.

so lets take away more of the peoples rights and still will not stop crime, some states are doing away with the death sentence for murder, how many would murder if we had a 30 day death sentence??? instead of 30 year or more, and the gov is the blame for some crime, there is no deterent, you could kill mass people and still go to the pen be taken care.These people won't listen to what the real problems are and it isn't the guns. These people are like a bunch of dumb turkeys out in the rain they will drown before they take care of the real problem.

Another example of the blind leading the blind. No idea what they are regulating but it feels good to do something.

Same story.  Different week.

I guess the big question in my mind is whether Governor dufus malloy signs this legislation before going to jail like previous governors of Connecticut

2nd comment deleted by yahoo. ok , Gun manu. should move to the south.

More Civilian Disarmament from clueless Obamabots.

Knee-jerk reaction. These sheeple just don't get it.

the woman is holding a picture of a gun that wasnt even used in the shooting.I agree as well with as tragic as this was it's time to move on.The guns he used was purchased legally so all the laws in the world wouldnt have prevented this.What should be outlawed tho is Ignorance

I do hope they realize a gun registry list is against the law per Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1968.  So they will be wasting tax payer money on lawyers

we should have large pictures made of our ar 15s and frame them and ask why does anyone need those types of gun laws?Why don't you do a story about how Lanza chose the school because he knew he would meet no resistance there, and that he thought of it as a video game and wanted a top score?...That story came out today too you know.

Okay, please tell me how any of these laws would have prevented what happened.  Go ahead, I'll wait.In addition, after this happened, even Malloy said no amount of laws could hgave prevented this, so WHY are you doing things to punish people that don't do ANYTHING against the law??  Oh yeah, this isn't about being effective, it's about feeling good.  Thanks.

Where is the constitutional crisis over  background checks and magazine limits?  I don't see it.  The founding fathers lived in a small enough society the smith who made the gun knew who he was making it for, and didn't sell a product to the village idiot, as we do today.

Love how gun nuts ignore and deny facts. Shows how disturbed they are.

COMMUNISM IS alive and well in Connecticut!!!!

Because I dare speak out I am classified as a belligerent according to recent laws passed! I am now subject to arrest with no trial pending or ever to happen! Hitlers laws only allowed a person to be locked up for one year, ours have no limitation! Living in New York State puts me in double jeopardy, but I still say, bring it on lets see who wins. This government is the biggest lot of criminals, druggies, drug dealers, perverts with a lot of pre-meditated murderers mixed in! Bring it on,lets rock and roll!

I'd like to see the part of their plan that ensures that all criminals will register the guns they own and submit to background checks when they buy smuggled Saturday Night Specials on the streets from gang members.  OK, I'm joking, if all guns were registered and ready for confiscation the cops wouldn't try confiscating them from the criminals anyway.  Criminals shoot back, law-abiding citizens cooperate.I'd also like to see their explanation for why Connecticut's already highly stringent gun laws, among the worst in the US and including an "assault weapons ban", failed to prevent Sandy Hook.  Which law(s) failed?  Should those laws be repealed because they don't work?And again, I think that legislators should be forced to resign and be held civilly and maybe criminally liable when their harmful gun control laws fail to prevent these events.  If they are willing to curtail my rights when they try these stupid laws that are proven not to work, they should be willing to risk their own rights when the laws fail.

...and just what is it that Connecticut writes on their license plates...the "Constitution" State...? I guess they need new plates and a new slogan now...

Yahoo censors,I am consulting my attorney about your discriminating censorship

Last week's Reuters story on the new Connecticut gun law push said that the NRA has never faced any opposition in Connecticut.  This weeks' article says that they already have about the toughest laws in the country.The MSM should pick a lie and stick to it.  Changing the lie all the time confuses the stupid and disgusts those of us with a good memory.you don't have to move to Somalia give it a few years and drug lords, gangster s and Mexican cartels will run the country. the same way than Somalia

obummma and the democrates along with his muslim bunch are out to destroy America  and what better way, disarmed citizens.

Why are the records from Sandy Hook sealed? Can we get them into the public? Will they be truth by the time we do, if we do? Abolish Homeland Security!

When ANYONE can get a military assault weapon, walk into anywhere they want and kill innocent children, the time has come for common sense to over rule the NRA(KKK) nut bags. The tiny minority of NRA card carriers (4-million) do not compare to the 160 Million who want stricter gun laws. This tiny minority can no longer bully the clear majority with fear and intimidation.

I believe all this gun control controversy is helping fight criminal activity. The good guys now have about twice as many guns. Keep up the good work!

#$%$ is what comes to mind when you blame an inanimate object on something only a human being could have done... Giant UnAmerican #$%$!

Connecicut those are not 9mm pistols I can't feel  your pain. Because their is NO way to be  hurt that bad and say I fell your pain. Nobody can say that. I hope you survive..

I am tired of this #$%$ already. Everyone panicking and calling the police left and right to schools and I know of not one situation averted. Although I do know of one injury from a cop shooting another cop in the foot while responding. I am sure all those towns in CT that shelled out all kinds of money for school lock-downs wish they had it now that they are over-budget for snow removal.

Firearm registration is always a precursor to confiscation of legally acquired weapons.  Laws only work on the law-abiding; we already have state and federal laws against murder.  So the lib's next step will be registration, followed by confiscation.  Then the real fireworks will likely begin.

so this is how they get rid of the 2nd amendment the states pass ther own gun control laws. say goodbye to our freedoms@Todd, You can deny that Lanza used the Bushmaster. But, you can't change the facts.

Why are we still talking, but doing nothing about this problem? Somebody has to have the b------- to stand up and say, this has got to stop!!!We can't blame all this violence on people with mental illnessess.there are also those kooks who consider guns akin to their pets.Don't sell assault weapons to individual people. Tell them instead, that the armed services can use their help and will let them play with guns all they like!!!

You gun loonies need to move to Somalia.

Massacres occur as a result of gun control.Sandy Hook was a Gun Free Zone.Gun Free Zones are a form of gun control.

Since the author of "The Hunger Games" Suzanne Collins, calls NEWTOWN Connecticut home, coincidence, or conspiracy...? see for yourselves..SANDY HOOK was a STAGED MEDIA EVENT by CRISIS ACTORS INC. a division of DHS. Look it up...

REGISTRATION = CONFISCATION.............The politicians impose their will on us now and we will impose our will ....VOTE....on them later.

Are you nervous gun-lovers?  You should be.

The 16-member commission of educators, academics, emergency responders, politicians and mental health professionals called for requiring a certificate of registration for any firearm that would be issued following the completion of a background check. This had NOTHING to do with the Newtown incident. What the purpose for this??? And what do the people on the board really know? Teachers??? They're the ones responsible for the tragedy. They failed to recognize the killer's problem and swept it under the rug. Mental health professionals???That's the best they could come up with? A background check? Well, that will take the blame off of them for the next go-round. Losers.

Gene Rosen did work for FEMA prior to the event, down Texas way. It was an obvious op. The only real issue is why they made it so obvious. Keystone like. 110 lb shy as hell kid manages that kill to wound ratio inside of 3 minutes time...Way past time to wake up people..

when will the news media start to tell the truth??? there was no AR15 at Sandy Hook. Here in Chicago, we have the strictest gun laws and the highest murder rate. What about all the stories about when someone is saved with a gun??? Print some of these.you stupid people- gun laws will not change a thing

Lanza researched past mass killings. used the Bushmaster on others. . Then, used the handgun on himself. Even Conservative websites like REDSTATE say so.

What happen in Sandy Hook is so terrible it can't be described. HOWEVER the gun or guns killed NO ONE, it was the idiot behind the gun. We don't need gun control we need better "BUYER" control.

Here is what the Connecticut Penal code was on the day of the alleged shootings. Under the articles listed, an AR 15 is specifically considered an "assault weapon"....Sec. 53-202b. Sale or transfer of assault weapon prohibited. Class C felony.Sec. 53-202c. Possession of assault weapon prohibited. Class D felony.Sec. 53-202j. Commission of a class A, B or C felony with an assault weapon: Eight-year nonsuspendable sentence.Sec. 53-202k. Commission of a class A, B or C felony with a firearm: Five-year nonsuspendable sentence.Sec. 53a-217b. Possession of a weapon on school grounds: Class D felony

WELL OF COURSE!!!!  THAT'LL STOP THE CRIMINALS!!!!......#$%$ #$%$!!!!!!!

All these laws do is help ease the fears of the population who are not educated on firearms.It does nothing to stop another tragedy.

The comments from the NRA gun nut psychos are worthy of prison sociopaths...  Decent people are offended with what happened in Newtown Ct that day; decent people are offended by the thoughtless, callous, indifference these NRA gun nut psychos have shown toward the tragedy...

Ban the police all together if you check into it you will find they shoot more innocent people than all crimes in the United Seates. Sorry I'm wrong we need to disarm them. And arm all citzens that are able.

CT Bites big time I know I live there 5 more years and its a Red State for me.

ban all the guns and ammo in conn.even for the copsI say have no less than two police officers working full time at every school in America.

Im so sorry for these poeples loss but obama and his fools have taken this way to far for some odd reason where I live we have bullies in schools and we have insane people but we have the right to carry a gun and we dont have the mess thats going on in states that restrict this right. I know alot of people will dissagree but Im sick of being a violated be the bad guys and what your government calls mental ill the goverenment is turning the peolpe out of prison that should be there who is going to stop them 911 and a 20 minute wait and god bless the young ones

What's funny is that you gun nuts, try to post a comment  that promotes hatred, and such. Then, wonder why you are censored.

REPUBLICAN TO DO LIST:1. Keep your religion out of our government. The two should be seperate as not everyone believes the way you do. Abortion is a woman's choice and if God is real and he cares, he will deal with it.2. Accept the will of the voters. President Obama won. Again. Get over it. Move on. Stop the obstruction. Work with the President. Both sides have to compromise.3. Stop trying to supress the vote. If you can't win fair and square, you can't win. Do the right things by the American people and you might someday win elections again.4. Stop demonizing the poor. There are some pretty worthless poor people out there..and worthless wealthy people. Many are poor because of your policies, which leads me to...5. Stop favoring the wealthy at the expense of the American people. You may never win the support of the "47%" but you are also PlSSlNG off enough of the rest of us that you will continue to decline.6. The environment is important! Stop denying science so that you can justify the "legitimate rape" of our planet. Our children have to live here long after we're gone and that is more important than your wealthy masters profits. And...7. There is no such thing as "legitimate rape"! You had better distance yourself from the fringe loonies. The Teabaggers are on the outside.8. Stay out of people's bedrooms. Gay is not a choice. You may not approve but we are not a Theocracy. Gay people love just like anyone else...and pay taxes, and vote. They should have the same rights as anyone else.9. Those of us who aren't wealthy pay our taxes, as prescribed by law. We want the wealthy to pay more, proportionate to their earnings. If we make it there, we will as well.10. Our country is a melting pot. You had better stop demonizing those who are already here and accept the fact that they are. Changes need to be made moving forward but the people who are already here deserve a chance at the dream.

Quote from Medical Examiner at Sandy Hook."I hope, uhh, I hope they and I hope uhh the people of Newtown, uhh don't have it crash on their head later". H Wayne CarverPLEASE TELL ME WHAT THIS MEANS??

People having to register their cars. Just know that the bad government will confiscate those.

Good job. Bye-bye violent assault weapons.

Why not enforce the laws that are already being broken?  I see NOTHING that is going to deter any criminal out to do harm-only punish those who want to own guns for self-defense or for recreational shooting.

do you notice all the people in this picture are woman ...no wonder there has never been a woman president ...if you let these war pigs mess with the constitution they will never stop until its a worthless pile of used toilet paper. theres not always a easy fix for every problem.some things just cant be fixed...THIS IS WRONG..

#$%$ COMMUNIST!! Keep calling 911 ,and beg for mercy while you wait for the hired Guns to arrive.We will see how that works for ya! Make criminals Happy by making it Harder and Harder for Law Abiding people to arm themselves so they can protect their family.' You Communist Pukes make me sick. You do not have a clue about Evil. When Evil comes YOU HAVE TO BE READY to confront with LETHAL FORCE!! Not WAITING AND SCREAMING for someone to come and help.I have had to call 911 several times in my 55 years of life . The earliest any help EVER arrived was 10 MINUTES. A Whole World Of Bad SH8T can Happen in that amount of time. I am not saying being armed will be fool proof But at least you will have a chance against an attempt to do you or your family harm.I know that I am preaching to People who have no clue about life threats from Evil.Take heed... It is Ones OBLIGATION to defend Themselves and Loved ones from Harm. AND sometime Fists or Baseball Bats just dont Cut it!Per Sandy Hook:Definition of gaslighting from wikipedia: Gaslighting is a form of psychological abuse in which false information is presented with the intent of making a victim doubt his or her own memory, perception and sanity. Instances may range simply from the denial by an abuser that previous abusive incidents ever occurred, up to the staging of bizarre events by the abuser with the intention of disorienting the victim.Wake up America

Wow that picture of the AR the lady is holding looks close to actual size. Wonder if she traced her rifle she has at home.

and to think, Damn near EVERYONE who wants a Driver's License, gets on! Don't even have to know how to read and write! Insurance, honor system! Don't need any skills to VOTE, Shoot at times, you can get a ride and a meal, just to Vote for "THEM"!!!! What the Hell is WRONG with AMERICA? Where are WE going Wrong? When will "THEY" Pick On the CRIMINALS? Never, Because THAT would be Too Hard!!! No, Let's Punish THOSE who already ABIDE BY THE LAWS!!!! I sure hope to see all of "THEM", that have DIGRACED the CONSTITUTION, are Outed and have to Pay for Their Atrocities!!! If NOT, well then I guess WE will become part of the NWO that "THEY" so Desire to be part of! ME, NEVER, NO WAY!!!! Give ME LIBERTY, or, Give ME Death!!!! Gee, Where Have I Heard THAT BEFORE?

The gunman that killed all those kids at Sandy Hook broke NUMEROUS laws...why do we think more laws will change that? Why is taking away the rights granted under the Constitution to law abiding citizens the knee jerk reaction? It almost seems like there is an alternate agenda....Think

I love Ted Nugent...

I'm not necessairly for or against this gun control issue but I must say ...We do have a lot of guns in America and to me it appears that everyone, even the #$%$ types, are behaving themselves pretty well. They all have guns, and they are dealing with their problems in appropriate ways .....There are a lot of people loosing homes and a hoast of other problems like never before. They would still use poision or knives if they didn't have guns or bombs......they always have.  It's comparable to the time we had a power outage in a snow storm here in Carrollton, GA . The lights didn't work but guess what .....everyone was moving along with no help from the lights....I saw no accidents...all day long......But we give tickets and more tickets and more tickets when the lights work and there is no snow.  I realize our police system works on fear but really....just keep on and it won't be America.  It will deserve another name....I'm not sure we have a democracy now...They certainly don't teach that in college...They teach that it is an Olegarchy and that the supreme court interpreted the word people in the constitution to mean business just after the days of slavery. America should wake up.....big business is raping America......and yes people will go crazy and do bad things if something doesn't change.  People here don't know what it's like to not have food and what happens when people don't have it. The rich have already moved to South Smerica or somewhere.  It wont affect the rich,just the poor.   Government thinks they can legislate morality, behavior, respect, and love..........People like hitler thought like that too..

Registration will not prevent a single crime.  Registration is for one purpose, "CONFISCATION"!  If you think otherwise, you are a fool.  Let us get real hear.  The liberals are only interested in one thing, disarming every single private citizen, period!  By the way I am a LEO saying this.  The constitution is the law and the final word!  We do not have to ask permission to have a firearm,it is our RIGHT!

They should be curbing  CIA mind control, as we should be curbing politicians insane need to pass bs laws! Every time the powers that be need to go along with the United Nations ban on small arms, we end up with a rash of shootings. This is not normal, seems pre-planned!

There was a Federal law back in 1956 that prohibits registration of firearms. I think it had something to do with possible confiscation lists. So why are all these states allowed to break the law. Darn I just can't remember the 2 congressmens names who wrote the law.

Apply all new laws to police agencies as well as the general public and include weapons usage reports that are made public.Everyone in the photo sends text messages while driving and will kill children doing so

like slapping a chastity belt on a #$%$

How about they can do what they want and well do what we want to since we are all law abiding citizens and for all those criminals, try rehiring some of those police you let go due to recession. More state police, less federal agencies for the love of country please.

If I was the CEO of Sturm Ruger, I'd tell the Governor one thing.  ANY restrictive gun control legislation you enact will lead to this company moving to Texas.  Winchester is already gone, but Colt and Mossberg should follow also.  Turns out Uncle Wayne is Right.  The miscreant planned the massacre around a video game.  See anybody trying to ban that #$%$?

Ban all criminals, their problem solve. Now if a mass shooting happens again thein its the politicions and police fault for not doing their jobs right. Not a law abiding citizen

sandy hook was fake same as 9-11

we need to change , gun control would be a start to put all guns away.how other countries manage with no guns?

Ask the Native Americans what happened when the US government negotiated peace with their ancestors and took their guns away.  We have the same minds in government as we did then.  Don't think it can't happen again somewhere down the road!

Love the poster in the picture with a no AR-15 sign. Wasn't the bushmaster in the trunk if a car, never even used?

If the school at Sandy Hook had burned down because there was no sprinkler system in the building, would they be asking to ban fire? Or would they be asking why there were no sprinklers?This tragedy occurred out of negligence, it was a Gun Free Zone. Gun Free Zones Kill.Good start!!!  We're moving in the right direction but it needs to be at a federal level.  The desire of a bunch of crackpots to have their murder weapons and fantasies should not put the rest of us in danger.

Gun nuts say that the right to bear arms is one that no one can take away. Then, why can't felons own one?

I think Connecticut should ban all guns, the guy that killed them kids was able to get his mamas guns and bullets and had she put locks on them guns she would be alive today, better yet had it been illegal to buy guns her mentally handicap son would still be alive and so would them poor children

You blabbermouth, paranoid gun loons are nothing but a bunch of cowards, afraid of your own shadows, hiding behind your overcompensatingly large guns!

i'm waiting for the first person to set foot in my door to come try to register my guns,they'll have a hole in there heads between the eyes....

I like to hunt with dynamite.  I also believe that the constitution gives me the right to possess dynamite to protect myself.They better not make that illegal.  Oh wait...it is.  Sound stupid? Stupid as NRA sound-bites.

The Final Sandy hook report said that Lanza DID use the Bushmaster.

Discussions with conservatives and gun nuts on Yahoo,are more fun than having discussions with Hitler lovers and klansmen on Youtube. They all share the same narrown minds.

I see all the NRA sponsored pundits are posting today............as they always do.

Hey gun-lovers:  Do you feel like the world is closing in on you?  Ha Ha.  You should.Only the simple minded women stand around holding signs.  Smart women do things a little different than that.

BREAKING NEWS! White Racist People..If you are Mentally ill(or anyone in your household), have Suicidal Tendencies, Beat/Abuse Women &amp; Children, Make Threats to other cultures &amp; races...you will lose your Guns, Rights &amp; MIND! BAM!

KKK, NRA, Militias, Minutemen &amp; NSM...you will be CONTROLLED! You Will OBEY!

Gun nuts are the least logical most paranoid Americans on the planet.  You don't have a "right" to ownership of an AR-15 platform.  Restricting your right to own an AR-15 platform is not a violation of the 2nd Amendment.  The Constitution does not guarantee your right to possess whatever weapon you choose as the government has the ability to restrict certain type of gun ownership -- why do you think you can't buy a Thompson submachine gun over the counter?  There was a day when you could order a Thompson from a catalog delivered to your door.

Not bringing guns into a town that did not need guns (other than law enforcement) would have prevented this horrible shooting. Nancy Lanza was an evil woman for bringing guns into this quiet, peaceful town and by using guns as a way of "bonding" with her son. She got what she deserved, and mother and son are together burning in hell for what she did.

I'm 100% behind this report. When will we learn, guns should be left for the military.

as a 57 year old  &amp; member of the NRA since 2002, I have no problem registering my weapons or doing another background check, what's the fear?

Go Connecticut!!!!!

WAYNE IS A #$%$-TARD #$%$IN LIBERAL pos!!!!  I HATE #$%$IN LIBERAL POS MF'S!!!!!! ALMOST AS MUCH AS MY X-WIFE!!!!!!!

If the gubmint wants to confiscate your precious guns - and eventually they will - they will get them without a fight from you tough guys. The gubmint has drones- lots of 'em! - and they know how to use them. Do you have a drone? I didn't think so.Women &amp; Children of these Racist White Men....Get Help! Save your family, friends &amp; neighbors...NRA, Militias, Minutemen &amp; NSM Do a TEBOW &amp; BOW DOWN!

Sandy---Coke---el-doh-men---33"IS" a Government Fake.Video of the BUSH---Master in the Trunk of the car, so they are LYING!Protest the Government importing METH &amp; COCAINE,Witch makes everyone CRAZY and LIE,commiting these Crimesss for HEAD and MONEY!

Hope it happens, it's needed