We have faltering economic growth under Barry's Policies !!  We will see energy shortagesas Barry has stopped the production of mining clean coal and laidoff mine workers who made agood wage and put food on their tables !!  Nuclear Power Plants will and have shut down because they use clean coal to help produce nuclear power !!  Electric prices will rise under this policy !!  Putting food on the table is more expensive everyday under Barry's leadershipand food production will slow because of Barry's policies aimed at farming, which will eventually turn them into state run farms and shortages WILL start appearing as prices for meat and produce increase beyond americans ability to pay !!  Barry lies about the jobless rate which is actually around 17% to 19% now !!  The jobs he claims he has created are all minimum wage, temporary jobs that are sure to be taken away due to price increases in comodities and less and less cash flow from wage earners !!  Our military will in a very short time become the laughing stock of the world and won't be able to protect our own shores !!  Barry has allowed severe cutbacks in all jobs areas except increasing government size !!We are becoming a country with Barry as the alledged president and his Czars making all the decisions which is turning this country into an Oligarcky where a few chosen people run thingsunder the tyranny of the elete !!  Its happening all around you people and you'd better wakeupbefore its to late and the american people have to fight to take back this country !!

The only issue I see is how to keep failed state nuclear weapons out of the hands of religious nutjobs taking over Pakistan after the next election.

Tell you what, why don't we send millions of Americans over to Pakistan and let them vote for the worst person for the job? Doesn't matter if they are illegals...we do it here, why not there?It worked here twice.

The Pakistan People's Party ...Do they govern Pakistan in the past? You have to be kidding calling this guys "government"...Pakistan have the biggest dysfunctional government after Afghanistan in the world..

Heck, maybe India will finally overrun Pakistan and make it productive along with finally getting Kashmir.

Can you say the new countries name after the election? Talibanistan.

Islam is a cancerous cult that does nothing good than just spread violence and extreme hate. All Muslim countries are failed states and we should stop immigration of Muslims into the West. Also we should deport all Muslims and ban the violent cult of Islam in our lands. Muhammed is the worlds first terrorist and abused six year old girls and advocated extortion and protection rackets.

Hopefully, in every elections there are "issues"..... is the media saying that Pakistan's conservatives are unhappy?... which during our elections the American conservatives were unhappy... both countries have some terrorist extremists trying to influence the majority.

What do you mean, major issues, what scumdog, intolerant, muslim to elect, any decent candidate would be murdered in such of fine country of the Islamic faith.  They will continue to accept billions in American aid and continue to hate, abuse and rejoice at any harm that befalls us, but Washington continues to say foreign aid is good for America, it may be good for our worthless politicians but it is not good for America.  Those Representives, Senators, Ambassadors, State Department workers and our President and Vice-President, along with the Cabinet, all have their heads so far up their #$%$ it makes them happy.

The biggest issue is Pakistan has no banks that will be able to cover the "Blown to Kingdom Come" insurance. (Which, by the way people, is seperate from your regular insurance).There is only ONE ISSUE in Pakistan ----- Whether to Join the rest of the World in 21st Century -- OR - Continue Living in 6th Century

Pakistan is a poor excuse for a country. Sindhi THUGS run the Govt. Punjabi Crime Families run the Countryside.What isnt mismanaged by Punjabis.... gets raped by Taliban Pashtuns......what isnt raped gets killed by the Porki Army.  Great Place...... Visa on arrival !!

The first challenge is to how to beg infront of usa, how to develop peace loving organisations like 'let' , allah #$%$ quaida, jihadoi networks and how to create terror and how to kill innocents, how to destroy and how to feed porkistans over population how to generate funds for running terrorist camps ?

Let me tell you what the next major issue is for these dirty muslims - to collect mor money from US tax payers - that is their major issue - these dirty muslims should be nuked

This is a county that is in Turmoil now and probably will be for the rest of its existence. Pakistan has a dysfunction Government to say the least and similar to Afghanistan it is full of corruption, tribal disputes, religious disputes, etc... and we have the nerve to continue to give them billions of our dollars in support. I cannot even type how I feel about Pakistan, for I would be surely barred from yahoo.

What you sow 'democracy' is what you get. Democracy is a failed system, just look at US and India, their economy is getting worst by day. Democracy encourage chaos, political bickering and corruption.

Main issue for upcoming election is that these corrupt politicians will again come back to suck blood and money of country..

Do the Taliban seek to establish there own country again? Or do they prefer to be left alone and not export their interpretation of Islam?

Major issues in the upcoming election: Every party that has previously run the country has a chance of winning, despite being corrupt, foul and inhumane.A serious issue: The one party that shows honesty and maturity along with a sense of humanity might not actually win, primarily due to the previously mentioned family mafias.

Why not focus on the good things for once. Whenever I see an article about a middle eastern country or even the United States its all negatives. Quite sad.Just look what islam did to mars and youll see what it has in store for earth..