"Iranians may perhaps see things differently. They know that in 1953 the democratically elected prime minister Mohammed Mossadeg was overthrown by the CIA leaving the Shah , a routinely ghastly dictator, in control. This had much to do with the occupation of the US embassy in 1979, which was sold in the US as evidence of the badness of Iranians.Later, in 1988, the US Navy, in the form of the USS Vincennes, shot down an Iranian airliner and killed everyone aboard. Americans shrugged it off: Such things were doubtless necessary to stop terrorism. But imagine the outrage if the Iranian navy shot down a US airliner.Nobody beyond our borders buys our song and dance about spreading freedom and human rights.  America has supported countless sordid dictators ruling by army and torture chamber (the Saudis being a current example). We have put many dictators on their thrones, such as Pinochet in Chile, Saddam in Iraq etc, etc..  Others notice that the only country that openly and proudly tortures prisoners is…us".By Fred Reed from "The world is not Billy Bob"s Rib Pit"

"Naturally the common people don't want war: Neither in Russia, nor in England, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But, after all, IT IS THE LEADERS of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is TELL THEM THEY ARE BEING ATTACKED, and denounce the peacemakers for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. IT WORKS THE SAME IN ANY COUNTRY."--Goering at the Nuremberg Trials

No US/Iran war for Israel!!!If Israel wants war with Iran, let Israel fight it, let Israel pay for it, let Israel's people die in it.No more US lives and money wasted on mid-east war!!!!!!!!!!!

Although Benjamin Netanyahu's next defense minister shares his deep distrust of the Palestinians, the two could yet clash about when - and whether - they should have america go to war with Iran.

Say this in a Ronald Reagan voice,"Mr. Netanyahu.......tear down Stalag Palestine".

I saw Zionist warmonger and war criminal, Paul Wolfowitz, on ZNN earlier.  That criminal belongs in prison.

There was a Nation before every Nation on the planet earth... but no Nation has the right to commit genocide or militarily takeover someone else’s land...boo boo Israel ~ The TERRORIST State

Prime Minister Binyamin "I speak for ALL of Israel" Netanyahu is without a doubt, the WORST leader in Israeli history.  He gets his support from the so-called, "Setlers", who are the most intransigent, RACIST group in that country.  They are no more than Land-grabbing thugs, and that's a proven fact.  The Israelis need to depose that creep and elect a TRUE patriot -- one that stands up to the extremists on both sides of the struggle.

In all nations and all faiths we are plagued by humans which follow useless ideologies and take themselves and their “causes” far too seriously…….and ruin life for the rest of us through their ignorance.

If Netanyahoo is so bullish about his war with Iran, then why doesn't he round up the tens of thousands of Charedi Ultra Orthodox leeches who do nothing but eat, pray and reproduce. He would have a fine army to march into Iran if he could harness the energy of all of those slackers. But no! Those stinking freeloaders want to be free to study their Torah in peace while someone else gets killed. Just leave us out of it. I don't see any reason to kill American boys over Netanyahoo's paranoia about Iran.MY COUNTRY AND FAMILY FIRST NOT THEIRS they are like a guest that dont want to live and then wants to change your house rules and turn your chidren against you in such ways ISRAEL HAVE BEEN DOING TO OUR CONGRESS SENATE AND COUNTRY TREACHEROUSLY ITS TIME FOR THEM TO GO HOME AND ITS NOT HERE SINCE THEY LOYALTY IS TO ISRAEL TIME TO EXIT PRONTO !!!

Why can't the trinity of evil....Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.......stop fighting?Haven't they had 2000 years and more to prove how good for humanity they are???And failed miserably??? Three religions which all came from one pagan religion practiced by the early inhabitants of that region we now call Israel.

Israel, no disrespect but it's time for you to put on your Big Man pants and stop hiding behind the USA and mooching. The USA is 16 Trillion dollars in debt and US taxpayers are tired of your freeloading.

Let's look at the statements of Isreal getting the US involed. That is what any goverment likes to do. British in WW 1 then again in WW 2 as Churchill is quoted as saying the goal in WW 2 was to preserve the British empire and when Germany declared war on the US he {Churchill} he knew the British would win the war. As the British did Isreal can do or try to do. It's up to the US goverment to stop or let happen based on what they think is best

A cautious Israel leader? What's the world coming to?

Our blind support of Israel causes us harm all around the world every day. I hope the day will come our leaders say enough is enough and let Israel deal with their own mess they created for themselves.

If Israel attacks Iran, it won't be Iran that bombs back.  It will be Iran's allies and Israel will be the ones to suffer.  Iran is open to inspections and has no weapons.  Israel, on the other hand is not open and does have hundreds of nuclear weapons.  A world war will be a nightmare for America also.  Be careful what you wish for and stop being so gullible.

Isn't this the same guy who can't travel overseas for fear of being arrested on murder charges? Didn't he slaughter a bunch of Palestinian women and children in a bombing raid? The Brits won't allow him to enter, they'll arrest him on spot.

Israel, you start the war, we can help with missile defense, drones and money aid. That's it. No more US casualties...

Do John McCain, Lindsey Graham and the other rethugiKan Senators approve of this selectionNo more spoiled brst israel who dictate the US policy in the Mtddle East.Go fight your own war and when you are wipedout we will talk.

If I can do this, so can anybody, including Iranians. Despite being invaded by foreigners, arrange to buy up "sloppy" nuclear waste on the International black market, and clandestinely refine out the 100% Plutonium for a simple Hiroshima-design nuke. Delivery systems include small outboard motorboats pulling waving skiers, to oxcarts.

The Iranian nuclear program, whether they intent to weaponize it or not, has NEVER harmed an American. Israel can't say the same for THEIR nuclear program. The people living in Apollo, Pennsylvania still have limbs that glow in the dark and are still suffering from radiation poisoning due to the covert program that Israel ran in 1950's and 1960's to steal weapons grade Uranium from the US via a front company called NUMEC. They used the Uranium to start their own nuclear program and left Apollo contaminated with radioactive waste. The Army Corps of Engineers is trying to quietly clean it up today and the cost is upwards of 175 million.

Pretty clear, Netanyahu wants to maneuver America into war with Iran like was done in Iraq.War with Iran—is that REALLY what Repubs want? To start essentially Iraq War #2? With more dead Americans and another TRILLION DOLLARS SQUANDERED?QUESTION: What did the 'mighty and courageous' Bush Jr. do to North Korea while they OPENLY developed AND EXPLODED nuclear weapons right under his nose?ANSWER: Absolutely NOTHING.I am DEEPLY concerned that Israel under Netanyahu is going to start A WAR that they expect US to finish—even though polls report only 19% of their own public supports unilateral action!Come on people—let's NOT sacrifice America's blood and treasure for Israel's or anyone else's ambitions. Folks you are you are SORELY fooling yourself if you don't think Israel has every intention of not only dragging the US INTO war, but really having US fight their war for them.That's what Bush Jr's war in Iraq was all about—the charge was lead from behind by Wolfowitz, Fife, William Kristol and the other AIPAC - (The American Israel Public Affairs Committee) sponsored neocons. And idiot Bush feel for it hook, line and sinker at the cost of thousands of American lives, limbs and over A TRILLION DOLLARS!Enough American BLOOD and TREASURE HAS BEEN SPILLED ABROAD. We need to get our own house in order, and not get sucked into Israel's rhetoric, hysteria and machinations.If, Netanyahu—through scare tactics on American Jews, wants to suck the US into a war against Iran, then I say—NO—the US MUST stay out of it—NO MORE WAR!Iran's government is awful, and awful to it's own people—so many of who yearn for real democracy—so are A LOT of governments. IRAN IS NO MILITARY THREAT TO THE U.S.A.Also, I think we need to stop and ask a question here—What gives Israel the right to hold Iran to a higher standard of disclosure than itself?Israel HAS nuclear weapons people—had 'em for YEARS, though for their own reasons they deny it—and—THEY did it all COVERTLY! If Iran were so foolish as to attack Israel, Israel has the weapons to retaliate without the US getting involved.Though the Iranian government is truly awful (especially to their own people), objectively, how is what they are doing any different or less reasonable for THEIR OWN defense than Israel?Do we really think Iran is stupid enough to start a nuclear war? I don't.If the most erratic nation on earth—North Korea hasn't started a nuclear conflagration, and blood enemies Pakistan and India hasn't lobed missiles at each other, what is going to make Iran choose suicide (because that would be the result if THEY shot first—and they know it).Is our tail-wagging-the-dog ally Israel in any REAL disadvantage if Iran gets the Bomb? No. By all conservative estimates Israel has at least 200 sophisticated nuclear missiles—though they've never acknowledged that fact.Are we citizens going to allow the US into to get dragged into a war with Iran, simply because no American politician dares to say no to Israel--because they dare not go against the powerful and wealthy Israeli lobby here in the US (this is nothing against Jews in America and their MANY positive contributions to America—or to the many Jews within Israel who yearn for peace and correctly have great misgivings about the recklessness and overly aggressive approach of the Israeli Right's leadership in regards to the Palestinians and Iran.I feel Israel has been driving the bus paid for by American tax payers FAR too long. If Israel want to act against Iran—I'd say go for it—but they WILL drag the US into WAR.If Israeli leaders are going to run US foreign policy by fiat, then we Americans should have the right to vote for 'our' Israeli leaders.

The aggressive rogue state of Israel possesses a couple of hundred nuclear weapons. This represents the biggest danger of a possible Mideast nuclear conflagration. Iran has not attacked another country in over a century. If Israel attacks Iran, the Iranians will naturally respond with conventional weapons. If there is an escalation, the fanatics running much smaller and more vulnerable Israel could very well respond with nuclear weapons.

Netanyahu needs Yaalon as a cautious pessimist against going to war with Iran.  It's not in Israel's best interest to go to war unless they have concrete proof that Iran is "very" near in developing a nuke.

Israelis need a better and more peaceful leader than Netanyahu.

"Yaalon is hawkish about the Palestinians like Netanyahu, but he is cautious on Iran,"Translation: He likes killing and robbing defenseless people. He doesn't like fighting people who can hit back.

The overwhelming majority of the USA's enlisted personnel ranks are filled with lower-middle income christians. If Israel does con us into joining them in attacking Iran just how hard do you think these young folks will fight knowing in their hearts all they're doing is protecting JEWISH interests? Before you thumb me down REALLY REALLY consider their thoughts. Better still; ASK a few of our troops.

Well if you all love issrael so much move traitors rats the sooner the better we dont need 5 fth columnist in our country you bunch of rat finks need to be shot for treasonISRAEL IS A CRIMINAL INTERPRISE JUST LIKE HITLERS

Yahoo.   Would you please PUT this State, its government,AND FOLLOWERS actions on your last news report.  SICK AND TIRED OF READING/LISTENING ABOUT THEM..  THEY ARE JUST TROUBLE MAKERS TO OUR WORLD

Warmongers and those which follow state sponsored propaganda of patriotism exist in all nations and all faiths.

Barak and Netanyahu were always preaching War.There will not be any attack on Iran, not because both nations are not far stronger with their technology, which they obviously are but because of the uncertain repercussions.War will only benefit the IRI, because it will create nationalism and destroy the resistance.This war will be twice as harmful/ detrimental  as our other 2 wars combined.Now , it will be even less likely.

you can bad mouth israel all you want too.  i would rather support israel any day, then to spend all those millions on the muslim brotherhood who want to kill us.  we also gave them f-16's.

As Sergy writes, Zionism is just another form of Fascism.  The Fascist (Mazis) used a false science to legitimize their seizure of the Slavic lands to the East. This land was required for living space for the superior Germanic people.  We all know how those plans worked out.  The Zionists legitimize their seizure of Palestinian lands with the religion and god that they invented.  Claiming that their god gave the land to them alone for all time, they have systematically pushed the legal owners from the homes. It remains to be seen how these plans will play out over time.  Certainly  a false science and an invented religion are not a sustainable foundation for a truly modern democratic state.

Netanyahu and the other Zionist will never learn that invading someone's homeland will never offer the invaders peace of mind or security.  No American would ever offer sanctuary to an invader or occupier.  Why should anyone expect to accept European Jews on Arab homeland?

If, while inserting tab "A" into slot "B" an explosion tates place in Irans nuclear assembly plant, Israel and/or the United States will get blamed. even if we didn't do it.

One people two religions makes peace impossible. It's been that way for centuries. Want proof just read the Old Testament or more aptly put the Chronology of the (Arab) Hebrew Wars. The Hebrews / Israelite's/ Jews are Arabs following the tenants of the profit Abraham. The Palestinians are Arabs following the tenants of Islam.

Well Isreal is surrounded by people that want nothing more than to push Isreal into the ocean. Many here are commenting as if they know facts when they get there news from Bias news media. Iran and most of the Arib's do not even recognize Isreals right to exist as a state. and radical Islam believes they will take over, one country at a time either by force or by sheer numbers. If Isreal falls they will turn there attention on the next country until there belief of sharria Law is the law of the world.Israel remember one thing.  The last time you did not listen to what G-D told you to do and took pity on the nation of Amelek they have continued to terrorize, murder and destroy the Jewish people and righteous nations of the world.  Do not make the same mistake again.

Isreal only wants to live peacefully in there own land. Like it or not we put the fuse in the powder keg by putting the jews back into the area.

Americans who support Iran are traitors, stupid or both. . Iran sends weapons and terrorists to kill american soldiers in afghanistan, bombed the USS cole and the marine base in beirut, etc It has threatened to annihilate the infidel great satan US

A show of hands ! How many really think the NUKES that were MISTAKENLY LOADED ON A PLANE when Bush was in Office were went back to the U.S. Stockpile ???? HOW DO YOU MISTAKENLY LOAD NUKES IN A PLANES HOLD AND TIE THEM DOWN ??? Bush thought Americans are fools !!

I hate the fact that if Israel should attack Iran, it would pull us right into it!  Israel has the technology and should just hunker down, watch and wait.  I hardly believe that Iran would or will have the upper hand.  God I'm sick of other countries warring!!!!!!

I like to know wthfk is this senior u.s. Diplomat wendy sherman flew in to brief israel about the kazakh-hosted talks are we the peons of the zion natzis israeli jews? Now our diplomatic corps are they minions? We shuld not be expending jet fuel and our tax dollars going to israel to tell them crapolas if they want to know they need to come to us and i dont put it pass them they all ready know the results, since they have a spy in every branch of our government some times tree or four in diferent agencys it reminds me of the c.i.a back in the sixtys and such, they had a man in every brach of government but they the c.i.a are ours not mossad ilegal unregistered agents of israel working for our government for the interest of israel not ours and traitors whom knowinglly or not aid them; the skuummm bags; they made the treats to attack iran so they should be there the rats maybe they suffer the same fate as the iranians sientist that they killed that will level the field some what in the negotiations, but in stead they hide behind our country and others that regularly they stab on they back to cover they deeds and claim they are the victims of agression wake up america we are the herrand boys of israel we are they peons?not too many nations want to be mentioned with us on the same word do you see any one falling on the white house door looking to be our friends? No one wants to be our friends because they hear and read israel and us in the same note its not good for us to be mentioned like we were the sons of israel or any one else we are americans lets start acting like our founding fathers expect of us as a nation, we are not slaves nor saervants of any one even if they think they are the chosen pice of crapola of the world israels or any ones punks we need to stop backing this back stabbin warmongers killers and murderers of children mthr fkers zion natzis israelis is time to expell aipac and other similar undue influential corruptors out of washington d.c america love it or get the fk out mthr fkrs i just like to know why? senior u.s. Diplomat wendy sherman flew in to brief israel about the kazakh-hosted talks the devil is a liar and the father of lies resides in the evil house of israel; HERE JUST A FEW OF THEM:*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC)

Israel is the world's biggest problem today! Murderous of anyone who disagrees!

Yaalon has had warrents for his arrest for war crimes.

No American shall die for this tiny invented nation of death merchants and human organ traders.

even the other arab countries, except syria,  know that iran is a terrorist country that wants to control the middle east. When Israel attacks iran, they will openly comdemn it with a wink wink,NETANYAHOE WILL ERECT AN EFFIGY OF ADOLF HITLER IN THE KENESSET AND HALL OF REMEMBERANCE IN RESPECT FOR HIS MEMORY AND LESSONS NOW USED ON ARABS SEMITES.Hitler be proud of his protege netanyahu soon as he draft the other semetic parasites of the world crime minister sinister of asriel i ment israel saying sig hail Zion Natzis kill more semites Antisemintes then make me proud you chosen Jew ones HAIL NETANYAHU CRIME MINISTER SINISTER OF ASRIEL I MENT ISRAEL!!

Netanyahu urges "military sanctions" threat against """" ALL AMERICANS WHOM DONT SUPPORT AIPAC AND DUAL NATIONALITY JEWS IN THE JEWNITED STATES OF AMERICA """" and supporter of Iran and the Palestinias Arabs and the Peace Process Essentially Netanyahu predicts that the U.N and SENATE AND CONGRESS WILL SUPPORT HIS DEMANDS FOR THE PEACE AND NATIONAL SECURITY OF ISRAEL = WE NEED TO NUKE ISRAEL NOW FOR OUR NATIONAL SECURITY AND REACH OUT FOR THE REAL AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE WE ARE THE UNITED STATES NOT THE JEWNITED STATES OF ZION NATZI ISRAEL

Nethanyahu is a one eyed king and the rest of the Zionists in israel and America are blind. So they just follow him and he is leading them to hell.

NETANYAHOE WILL ERECT AN EFFIGY OF ADOLF HITLER IN THE KENESSET AND HALL OF REMEMBERANCE IN RESPECT FOR HIS MEMORY AND LESSONS NOW USED ON ARABS SEMITES.Hitler be proud of his protege netanyahu soon as he draft the other semetic parasites of the world crime minister sinister of asriel i ment israel saying sig hail Zion Natzis kill more semites Antisemintes then make me proud you chosen Jew ones HAIL NETANYAHU CRIME MINISTER SINISTER OF ASRIEL I MENT ISRAEL!!

Akatmanutjob's term of office in Iran ends in a few months. Well over half of Iranians have no desire to "wipe Israel off the map". Just like any people they just want to feed their families and live their lives. What their Ayotollah is telling them though i don't know but if he's not pushing to zap Israel then Israel should just WAIT until AFTER Iran's nut job president leaves office to reassess their intentions.

It recently came out that Netanyahu was as a young man, a member of a group of Israelis who stole and smuggled American nuclear weapons technology and materials. The front company they used in California left a mess that could cost the taxpayers a half billion dollars to clean up. Bibi was also one of the architects of the 9/11 false flag mass murder of 3,000 people in 2001. He was so full of glee on 9/11 that he couldn't resist stating how it was "very good for Israel". When Bibi's not stealing from and killing Americans, he's lobbying for the release of Jewish-American traitor Jonathan Pollard.

Warmonger = any Israeli leader who will not roll over and play dead on command.

Israel, as in every war it fought, had done it alone withoutt US military help and won every war, It will do it again but only needs Obama's ok.

The NEW WORLD ORDER agenda wants IRAN for their OIL and their NON Rothschild BANK, PERIOD. Nothing , more, this has ZERO to do with NUKES, NO MATTER how much the CIA News Networks say otherwise... AWAKEN from the DECEPTION, DIVERSIONS &amp; DISTRACTIONS....

Guess hwat iran hates America as much as Israel. North kora hates America as much as South Korea. There is a saying An enemey of my friend is my enemy too.When has anyone ever heard an Israel leader say "they are going to wipe anyone off the face of the earth"?  We did hear it from Iran's Ahmadinejad."Israel should be wiped off the face of the earth". In fact the whole world heard it.

The American Thinking and Yaalon might serve as a "counter-weight" to any renewed bid by Netanyahu to go to warIsrael is an anvil around our neck she has made many enemies and now they are oursWe do not need another 911 nor do we need to blow trillions fighting her land grabbing religious warsOne Nation Under GodAmerica not AIPACSpend the money on America

Israel's #1 EXPORT?   Electronics for USA Defense Weaponry, What is ISRAEL's plan if PEACE breaks out , for its ECONOMY? or does Israel PLAN PERPETUAL War, living on the USA (T)(I)(T)?    STOP the MADNESS NOW!  The USA is BROKE!

let's be fair since there are a lot of muslims posting...not all terrorists are muslims, only 99.99 percent

The stone after it's thrown, the word after it's said, the occasion after it's missed, the time after it's gone. Life should be a pattern of experiences to savor, not to endure.

Israel sabotages between Iran and USA relations.

The Palestenians themselves have not really done anything to the Jewish state but high ranking officials are worried and mistrustful of them. That is exactly what happens when you've been bullying and pushing people around for long periods of time..Why is Iran wanting to destroy Israel??? For the way they have been bullying their brothers!!!!! Either way none of it is right...

flush the ayahtoilet now

Can someone please explain WHY average Mr. or Mrs. America should care whether Israel remains a thriving nation for the next 750 years or vanishes tomorrow morning? Do NOT use the argument that Israel is a buffer between us and Iran, lebanon etc because if we hadn't backed their arch enemy for the past 65 years they'd never even know we existed !!!!!

Just one more war criminal "who has American respect" - Israel will never be satisfied until it has control of the entire Near East and Mid East.  It already controls America.Jew Haters - Your Movements StartAnti-Semitic timeline - the early days:379 A.D.Vicious writing by St. John Chrysostom and St. Ambrose in Milan who said: "The Jews are the most worthless of all men. They are lecherous, greedy, rapacious. They are perfidious murderers of Christ. They worship the Devil. Their religion is a sickness. The Jews are the odious assassins of Christ and for killing God there is no expiation possible, no indulgence or pardon. Christians may never cease vengeance, and the Jew must live in servitude forever. God always hated the Jews. It is essential that all Christians hate them." He was called the Bishop with the Golden Tongue. St. Ambrose, Bishop of the Church offered to burn the synagogue himself.395 A.D.St. Gregory of Nyssa in sermons and writings characterized Jews as assassins of the Prophets, companions of the Devil, a race of vipers, a Sanhedrin of Demons, enemies of all that is beautiful, hogs and goats in their lewd grossness.415 A.D.Bishop Severus BURNED THE SYNAGOGUE IN THE VILLAGE OF MAGONA. BISHOP OFALEXANDRIA, ST. CYRIL EXPELLED JEWS FROM ALEXANDRIA AND GAVE THE MOB JEWISH PROPERTY.ACCUSATION of Ritual murder by the Jews during Purim. Christians confiscated synagogues in ANTIOCH.These were not hooligans but Church Fathers!AUGUSTINE, JEROME, AMBROSE AND LESSER SAINTS AS ST. CHRYSOSTROM AND CYRIL, added to untruths the new ones that Jews were dishonest and prone to sexual perversions.

Israel will cry for America to intervene because Israel cannot defeat Iran on their own. The truth is Israel wants American troops to die.

To all those who say the US should not attack Iran, I agree-let's wait til it acquires  nukes, destroys Israel, controls the middle east and  causes a nuclear 9/11 in the US..after all, iran is a peaceful country except that it sends weapons to kill americans in afghanistan, trained terrorisrts to bomb the USS Cole and the marine base in beirut, but that's no big deal is it?

May The God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob keep His protective hand upon Israel and her people in these coming months and years. May He protect Israel from the anti-semantic president we now have, and may He have mercy upon this nation, and not hold it to our charge for the choices this government has made, and is making concerning Israel.

Israel will never control the Middle East, that's why they are always crying out WOLF. They are the small man with the big loud motorcycle, lots of swager when in a group but no balls alone...yet they keep on opening their mouths...

If I was The Prime Minister of Israel I would get everyone on board to attack Iran,they have already stated when They achieve nuclear power one is coming Israels way.I wouldn't stand for a threat like that,take them out before you loose millions.

Netanyahu urges "military sanctions" threat against """" ALL AMERICANS WHOM DONT SUPPORT AIPAC AND DUAL NATIONALITY JEWS IN THE JEWNITED STATES OF AMERICA """" and supporter of Iran and the Palestinias Arabs and the Peace Process Essentially Netanyahu predicts that the U.N and SENATE AND CONGRESS WILL SUPPORT HIS DEMANDS FOR THE PEACE AND NATIONAL SECURITY OF ISRAEL = WE NEED TO NUKE ISRAEL NOW FOR OUR NATIONAL SECURITY AND REACH OUT FOR THE REAL AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE WE ARE THE UNITED STATES NOT THE JEWNITED STATES OF ZION NATZI ISRAEL

When are Americans going to realize just how horribly we have been ripped off by Israel?

Yahoo, now Israel new name is Jewish state ?! What happened to Christian and Native Arabs?

such topics is to turn the attentions from Qazza Disasters and occupation feature of Zionists only, unfortunately Ahmadi Nejad in Iran is the best and greatest help to Zionists....JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Although Benjamin Netanyahu's next defense minister shares his deep distrust of the Palestinians, the two could yet clash about when - and whether - Israel should go to war with Iran.Why is it israel waits for it? Israelis are cowards and they want their wars fought by the Americans.

if isreal falls so does the middle east becomes a greater threat to the world and a greater war you fools

Only teabaggers bend over to J E E E WWBAGS!! Fight your own war with Iran by yourself!❤OBAMA❤AMERICA FIRST!

Any one can pick on the helpless.

Netanyahu is a war monger.

ISRAEL IS A CRIMINAL INTERPRISE JUST LIKE HITLERS

The mainstream media seems to have a constant need to predict problems for Netanyahu. There are no problems. He is the PM. When it is time to go to war with Iran, everyone will be on board.

It's a Gentile high holiday.  The Jews will probably sacrifice children today, tonight rather.

Perhaps we need to evaluate the idea of becoming more of an isolationalist country.  If we want to give money to other countries we will match the funds the United Nations gives.

zionazis all,nits grow into liceWhy is Israel’s security holy for USA?How much will pay American taxpayers for it?How many wars will be for that?Why doesn't USA act decisively against Israel for peace with Palestine?

The 1979-80 capture of American hostages by Iran is now reaping its dividends! Now, the world cannot tolerate the Iranians developing a nuclear bomb, especially with its war rhetoric against the “Zionists” of Israel! Thanks, Iran, for holding those hostages. You’ve paved the way for permanent distrust!However, with that said, the single most pressing issue facing Americans today is their national debt. The U.S. government should expend energies on trying to solve her domestic problems before engaging in another foreign conflict. If the U.S. knows how to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without actually going to war with that regime, that should be its priority.

Death and plagues on the sickly JewHaters posting on this site.  Long and painful.....Hahahahaha!!!!!!

Israel should Nuke Iran! Problem solved!

Yaalon would understand how to maximize the effectiveness in existing assets while under a regime of dwindling expectations of funding however his greatest challenge will be to identifythose areas of Israel's defenses which are weak and need strengthening.  A good example ofthis are the ultra-orthadox students entering the IDF for the first time.  How they are to be integrated and their talents best used will be a significant challenge for him.  It should be notedthat the ancient levites were considered to be "separate" from the other tribes and that theywere much more highly skilled in combat albeit that they were primarily archers.  Archers backthen were like the light artillery of the foot soldier domain.  Archers were also of greater intelligence than the average foot soldier being more discerning and discriminating.  It wasthe many disputes between the Pharoah and his High Priests which saw the need for thearchers to be used to protect the High Priests against unlawful purges by Pharonic incursionsand coups.  This was evidenced by the biblical account of the Golden Calf where we see thatthe levites did not participate in its construction which illustrated their loyalties and independencefrom the common persons.  This IS the example that Yaalon should be working off from.

Listen people! I have nothing against Jews except their arrogant attitude that they are God’s chosen people to lead the world. If you look at the Bible book of Mathew chapter 23 you clearly find that the Jesus who Christian profess to be the Messiah has cursed these people and denounced them and even mentioned that their house has been abandoned forever! That is way at 70 CE the Romans destroyed the temple in Jerusalem for the last time and the house of Jehovah will never be built again, since there is no need for a physical temple to represent God’s presence on earth, since God will dwell in the hearts of true worshipers.So, quit fooling yourself about Jews being God’s chosen people and stop supporting the invaders of other people lands in the name of God and his promises of giving the Jews the Promised Land. God has done this in the past, but Jews did not appreciate that and abandoned true worship many times and finally helped Romans to kill his messiah Jesus.If you look at the history, you realized that Jews were wondered around the world and do not have God’s favor upon them, and you can see that from the constant struggle that they have to stay alive!Many Jews admit that living in Israel is not living in promised land, since they are constantly have to use force in order to survive.

there is a public hanging at noon  today in the town square in Tehran to raise money for the Childrens Suicide Vest Fund

Yaalong knows Israel cannot attack Iran alone the also knows the United States is not going to agree with Israel attacking. Nehatanyu is living in a world of fantasy Israel cannot win a war aginst Iran, Israel is too far from Iran and Israel planes won't be allowed to fly over Muslim countries.Israel needs the United States and this Democratic administration is too occupied of how to solve our economic issues, President Obama knows that the United States is fighting a war in Afghanistan and billion dollars are going to the drain. China is growing stronger they are not fighting with anybody and have planty money to arm themselves to in the future to attack its neighbors.The United States needs at least ten years of peace built a strong economy and be ready for what is next in Asia, China is hungry for resources and there will be war! Israel is very small country with less than 6 million Jews and the Palestinian and Arabs will be a mojority in that region. The only solution for Israel is peace with the Palestinians or bring those million brothers from Africa!Ideassoul

"Israel" IS the Problem. the world would be better off without the Zionist OCCUPATION in Palestine.

there is no doubt that isreal will have to bomb iran its just a matter of time and isreal cannot count on obama to do anything because as we all know liberals are cowardsIsrael is the kid in school who gets the bigger kids into fights and then backs away and hides between the legs of one of the big boys. Isn't it way past time we STOP paying Israel 3 Billion a year for their dirty little war. The USA needs to STOP being the worlds COP on the BEAT. BTW, let's also pull out most of our Military bases that made sense during the cold war but our just costing us money, like all over Europe, Japan, ect.

Shouldn't that job title me Minister of Offense? "Yaalon led Israeli commandos in the 1988 assassination in Tunis ........" Israel is the only country in the world that routinely assassinates leaders and then when there is a reaction claims self-defense.

Israel milks USA.

i just dont think bombing iran going to solve problems we got in middle east,as minimum wage earner i dont think i can pay between 40 to 50 dollars a gallon of gas yes i hate the jihadist but are we thinking rational and what are the bennefit of going to a senless war with a 3 world country?

Netanyahu must be accountable for assassinating of Iranian scientists.

Go Jews. F Arabs.

They all know how to murder innocent Palistinians. That is enough qualifications.

Israel will never live in peace unless they recognize the Palestinian's right to live with dignity and stop stealing Palestinian land to build settlements for Orthodox Jews from all around the world. The greatest criminal act of our time.

O My......here we have still another article from the left hand that is so slanted in its writing that it is cringeable?Go back and rewrite it in respectable journalistic terms.  Give it another go.  Hahahaha!

In his upcoming Israel visit, US President Barack Obama will spend just a few hours in Palestinian Ramallah and the rest of the 3-day tour visiting grave of Satanist Zionism founder Theodor Herzl, a Holocaust memorial and an anti-missile system, among other Israeli sites.During the visit that begin on Wednesday, Obama will spend “just a few hours” in the Palestinian Authority base of Ramallah, and the rest of his three-day stay in al-Quds (Jerusalem), where he plans to visit an “official” so-called Holocaust memorial, a partially US-built Israeli Iron Dome anti-missile site and Herzl’s grave, The Los Angele Times reports on Friday.In visiting the gravesite of the Zionism founder and the Holocaust spot, Obama intends to highlight the point he made during his widely publicized Cairo speech in 2009, when he urged his Egyptian audience to accept the Zionist regime’s right to exist while denouncing efforts to deny the growingly suspicious Holocaust story, the report states, citing US and Israeli officials."This may not be readily apparent to an American audience, but for Israelis, and for the region, they (Herzl’s grave and Holocaust memorial) are heavy with meaning," Israeli regime’s US envoy Michael Oren is quoted as saying in the report."The Israelis haven't yet decided if they want Americans to go to war for them," should be the headline. AIPAC controls Congress and dictates our foreign policy. Jews have instigated and/or financed almost every war that Europe and the U.S. has been in for the last 300 years. The average person is totally unaware of this and will go straight into denial about it. They don't know that Jews operate as a fifth column in white nations. They decide who goes to war, how long the war lasts, and which side will win. As long as they can collect interest on war debts, they don't care who wins most of the time. When Hitler and Mussolini broke from the Jewish stranglehold, the Jews instigated another war to keep Germany and Italy under Jewish control with a Jewish central bank. The Federal Reserve is a private bank owned by the Jews.This is too long to get into. Do some research. Stop being so stupid with your ignorant and childish opinions. Get educated. Go to "realjewnews" and "whatreallyhappened" and spend a few hours just reading.

Americans have no idea the staggering number of israeli/jewish shills and propagandists that post on these threads to dehumanize Muslims and goad us into another war with Iran. Like the agitators in a lynch mob screaming hang him!!!..They want YOU to hate Muslims as much as they do..Wake up America..(There are 50,000 Facebook members of the "jewish internet defense force")

...Why is israels decision to go to War with its neighbor iran an USArednecks problem?....iam not even jewish....i do not know even know 1jew who lives in israel.....i dont care much for muslims or jews so why do i see this muslim/jew news on the internet and on my tv every fkin day?...Here in the mountains on the US where i live i dont ever see any muslims or jews?...

NetanyahooObama, my little black doggy, come here come here..... look doggy, Iran may be in future wants to possibly think about having one of those ( 250 Nuk Bombs ) that you gifted me....

Netanyahu....Bush of Israel.....lying about WMD's to further hidden agendas.

Caution...war with Iran could kill many jews......in IRAN.2012 global census shows that, outside of Israel in the Middle East, the next largest Jewish population live in IRAN. And guess what, they are not being executed and do not live in concentration camps (like Stalag Palestine). Maybe this is not really a "Muslim/Jew" issue.Maybe it is just an Israel and Zionism issue??????

He'll be in the U.S. next week, begging for more money and cheerleading that Jewish lobby to get America into war with Iran.

So many posts that are pro jewish but anti Israel, is that possible? Are Americans actually not falling for Bibi s bluff? Good for them, they are not listening to AIPAC.

We accept the Zionist regime’s right to be wiped-out.

The U.S./Israeli relationship reminds me of a ventriloquist act. Israel is the ventriloquist and the U.S. is the puppet. Israel speaks for the puppet but acts like the U.S. is speaking on its own. It's just a game to fool the American public. Most Americans can't see through this ventriloquist act."You know very well, and the stupid Americans know equally well, that we control their government, irrespective of who sits in the White House. You see, I know it and you know it that no American president can be in a position to challenge us even if we do the unthinkable. What can they (Americans) do to us? We control congress, we control the media, we control show biz, and we control everything in America. In America you can criticize God, but you can't criticize Israel." Israeli spokeswoman, Tzipora Menache 2009"Every time we do something you tell me America will do this and will do that . .. I want to tell you something very clear: Don't worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America, and the Americans know it."Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, October 3, 2001, to Shimon Peres, as reported on Kol Israel radio.Even when people hear it from the horse's mouth, they still don't believe it.Do a search of "realjewnews" and "whatreallyhappened."Happy St. Patrick's Day to all in the Middle East.  This goes for you too Bibi, you loveable little chuckles you.  If the good Saint were to drive all the snakes out of the ME, he'd have to start with Iran and the Knesset.

I am confused. we have people here who would support going into another war, Yet they complain about the deficit and our National Debt increasing. Going to war will make it worse. Is Isreal not able to do things on thier own? Maybe Isreal needs to open up peace talks and get the hell out of the west bank for starts. I feel like Isreal relies on us way too much like a child to a parent is. If they go to war with Iran Let it be by thierselves.

"The Israelis haven't yet decided if they want Americans to go to war for them," should be the headline. AIPAC controls Congress and dictates our foreign policy. Jews have instigated and/or financed almost every war that Europe and the U.S. has been in for the last 300 years. The average person is totally unaware of this and will go straight into denial about it. They don't know that Jews operate as a fifth column in white nations. They decide who goes to war, how long the war lasts, and which side will win. As long as they can collect interest on war debts, they don't care who wins most of the time. When Hitler and Mussolini broke from the Jewish stranglehold, the Jews instigated another war to keep Germany and Italy under Jewish control with a Jewish central bank. The Federal Reserve is a private bank owned by the Jews.This is too long to get into. Do some research. Stop being so stupid with your ignorant and childish opinions. Get educated. Go to "realjewnews" and "whatreallyhappened" and spend a few hours just reading.

1) You cannot find an Iranian among the Taliban. All of them are Sunni Wahhabi terrorists.2) You cannot find an Iranian among the AL Qaeda. All of them are Sunni Wahhabi terrorists.3) Even some Americans were arrested among them.4) Citizens of Saudi Arabia did 9/11 disaster. But they have best relation with USA.

poor people of America must pay costs of HOLY security of Israel.

Israel's security is HOLY for USA......LOL

We all know once Syria goes then the war with Iran is next so it's not whether they should go to war but when sadly.

blah blah blah....anything except talk about the Palestinian's legitimate grievances.....like...."what did we do to deserve having our property stolen, houses and gardens bulldozed, our people segregated, bombed and slammed into open air consentration camps?"......just pointing a few things out.

Fight anyone you wish but leave the US out of your conflict.

I hope it is not Adolf HitlerOne thing the Israelis need is a united Goverment to deal with anything the lying Balsamic Iranian Republic will try too do! One thing the sneaky Iranian leadership is good at is looking totally innocent of involvement in any underhanded activity.

yeah sure they disagree that is why yaaahooo picked him ! Why should we gave a big hot damn screw all the religious freaks that can't get along ! God hates you all !!!!

Expain that - Yahoo has by far more reports on a 7 million Israel than 1.3 billion India or China.

Israel is superior to any Muslim nation, in every way that counts.

"The Israelis haven't yet decided if they want Americans to go to war for them," should be the headline. AIPAC controls Congress and dictates our foreign policy. Jews have instigated and/or financed almost every war that Europe and the U.S. has been in for the last 300 years. The average person is totally unaware of this and will go straight into denial about it. They don't know that Jews operate as a fifth column in white nations. They decide who goes to war, how long the war lasts, and which side will win. As long as they can collect interest on war debts, they don't care who wins most of the time. When Hitler and Mussolini broke from the Jewish stranglehold, the Jews instigated another war to keep Germany and Italy under Jewish control with a Jewish central bank. The Federal Reserve is a private bank owned by the Jews.This is too long to get into. Do some research. Stop being so stupid with your ignorant and childish opinions. Get educated. Go to "realjewnews" and "whatreallyhappened" and spend a few hours just reading.

Previous poster:"Do John McCain, Lindsey Graham and the other rethugiKan Senators approve of this selection"-------I'm afraid that you have it backwards. Israel does not have to ask OUR permission for who they appoint as defense minister.(after all,  we're just the people that fund their welfare state with our taxes...who the h#ll are we???) But OUR politicians have to cal Tel Aviv to get permission from the BOSS before they appoint a SecDef or pass ANY bill. James Traficant said that he personally witnessed that the most common question on Capital Hill and in Congress is "Is this ok with Israel??"

Obama’s upcoming tour of the occupied Palestine have described it as a largely symbolic move merely to reiterate the American establishment’s unconditional commitment to the Zionist regime.Visiting by this world leader to this tiny invented nation is not clear of the motives!however some intellectuals must be able to notify to the visiting team that the annual rhyme of holocaust is an exaggeration to drain the EU and to destabilise this union.

I love the first sentence, " Although Benjamin N's next defense minister shares his deep mistrust of Palestinians....." So despite the Jews have stolen all of Palestine, locked up the Palestinians in an open air prison camp called Gaza, and have periodically bombed and tortured the Palestinians for 65 years; it's the Jews who share (and are justified supposedly) a "deep mistrust" of the Palestinians. Sometime I think the Jewish controlled media in this country is reporting from a  parallel universe. The Jews lie so profusely, have become so comfortable with it, and have been doing it for so long, that I'm not even sure they're aware of reality anymore. Well their father Satan is the father of lies so I guess it's only natural, but still, this is ridiculous.

Israel must be accountable for assassinating of Iranian scientists.

Another War Criminal to post, Per capita, Israel has more war criminals than any other country in the world, yet they are the Civilizers, by whom? Must be SatanGreg &amp; Notbrainwadhed, yr arguements sounds reasonable but for peace to continue to rein sometimes there wld be war, question is fighting the right war. was Iraq war right, No but should the world watch to see nuclear armed Iran with all their rhetorics and spread of weapons, No. imagine Iran shipment of weapons to Nigeria and Lebanon has destabilised those areas. So to me Iran should be bombed from the air not occupied to prevent them having atom bomb. period. Arabs ate mentally unstable and dangerous with weapon. See Pakistan Sunni and shia, muslim against muslim fight is war on its own, they are unstable

Anyone who wants to have a better understanding of the Middle East needs to go see "The Gatekeepers", see what even the heads of Shin Bet say about what they have done. Go see it, it's important!

All of the muslims nations in the middle east cheered when the twin towers were destroyed on 911.  Not one person in Israel cheered.  Why are people in here going against Israel and supporting the muslim nations?  I am amazed at the mind set of some people.  In fact, their stupidity makes my head hurt.

What the writer of the article forgot is that Satan Netanyahu and his terror minister are foreign invaders and illegal aliens in Palestine. So if anyone should be distrusted, it should be them evil creatures and not the indigenous people of Palestine. Furthermore, there is no such thing as israhell, it is an illegal, illegitimat country built on stolen Palestinian land and occupied by a collection of as I mentioned above, foreign invaders and illegal aliens form Poland such as Satanyahu, Moldova, Russia, The Ukraine, Hungary, Germany, Britain, The US, Austria, France, Australia, Morocco, Iran, Yemen, Ethiopia......, get the picture. The genocide, atorcities and ethnic cleansin these evil creatures have been committing against the indigenous people of the land mirrors exactly what the KKK used to do to blacks during Americas dark days. It is a stolen chapter form the N  A  Z  I  S  and South African apartheid government book  on evil, sinisizm and monsetrocity.In addition to all the genocide against the indigenous people, the latest from these monsters is the eviction of black people from the holy land and the sterilization of the Ethiopian jews to keep them from reproducing because according to Satanyahu and his evil cult, they threathed the existence of the so called jewish state. The sad part is that all this is taking place undr the watchful eye of the entire world and no one is doing anything about it. Actually, Obamd is going there next week to pledge his unconditional support for all of that. What a shame.

Neocons trying to push us to war again based on their fear mongering. Speaking of which....why don't we hear much about your favorite Kurd con-man Ahmed Chalabi anymore??? Remeber him?? The one that you were pushing as your golden boy and called the "George Washington" of Iraq??? Have you heard the latest that he is now suspected of being an Iranian agent all along????

To Sir Morris Allister &amp; other Israel haters commenting herein I say: the only war criminals are the thug Nazi murderer Palestinians who not only murdered &amp; maimed thousands of Israeli civilians since 1948 &amp; before when in 1929 they slaughtered the entire UNARMED Jewish population of Hebron that existed there looooong before the Islamic conquest, but these Nazi Palestinians along with their equally brutal Muslim Militia allies slaughtered 100,000 Maronite Christians in Lebanon including members of my family. So, you, ignorant buzzhead who probably never set foot in the MIddle East and if you're a Brit as your ID indicates &amp; not a pretender, u obviously never had any relatives, brother, sister, daughter, son, wife, mom, dad, etc., mudrered or maimed or disfigured for life by a Nazi Palestinian terror attack. I bless you to be the next target of these Nazi Palestinian thugs; may the limbs of your family members be torn from their bodies by AK-47 slugs and may rusted nail shrapnel lodge in their flesh &amp; brains. And as you hate Israel, suffocate on the puke of your frustrated, puke failure life - whoever you are seeing this nation powerful. Just know, demented turd: I &amp; 180 MILLION other US &amp; Brazilian &amp; MILLIONS of other Christians &amp; proud SECULAR Jews around the world love, respect and stand united with valiant Israel &amp; IDF &amp; its melting pot of TOUGH brown, white, and black Jewish warriors &amp; their equally valiant Druze &amp; Muslim Bedouin brothers in arms serving their homeland with the honor, courage, and integrity you &amp; your kind snivling weak Israel hating losers lack. Long live Israel in the name of our Lord, Rabbi Jesus the Christ, and as we say in our Brazilian church as we pray for Israel: Gloria a Deux, Israel. Amen, Senhor.

Let's hope someday this Jewish terrorists could face the the firing squad.

Netanyahoo must just shut his big mouth up ! this way we'll have a much less noise-polluted world! shuch a #$%$ the man is

Irael did 9-11and they have no conscience, neither does th US for that matter!

i saw huckabee last nite he said he asked for a map and of israel and there isnt one this guy is smart he said these paletsines have rockets ready to shoot at children in cities without hesitation so how would you like one rocket sent from canada to buffalo and you wonder why israel is in danger these savages dont even reconize there right to exist you fools cant see the big picture here these people dont want peace they want total domination of that area and wont stop till they get it then they will  try here to do the same like in mali and europe so you bigots have to realize the issue is bigger than you hatred for that race it is our race here that is in danger i saw a show on #$%$ cheney life on hbo and he wanted to take out north koreas building a nuclear site in syria but bush said no cheney was worried about north korea and he was thrown under the bus look at them now  look at the open mike obama did with russia now look at n korea threating us send rockets at us here you low info voters are stupid and ignorant the world is dangerous and we cant negoicate with these people they are hell bent on our destruction and cheaney knew it now we are scrambling to put missile defense sytems in playcheney was right a long time ago so if israel goes we go like it or not  how would you like missiles shot at your kids in your towns and backyards you stupid  fools i guess its ok to kill inncocents you idots need to wake up before those long rang nuckes reach califorina dont think it cant happen we already had 911 yet we hand over a check to them for mill of dollars to create terror and they dont even reconize a land right to exist on a map what does that say about our leaders here i guess we need cheney back and reagon to put a stop to them i hope israel doestn wait to much longere like we did with n korea looka at us we are way behind the curve and playing catchup isnt easy@ Trick1usJerusalem is "only" 3000 years as the Jewish peoples capital. Never been the capital of anyone else. Not mentioned 1 time in the Koran. On the Temple mount itself (Temple as in 2 Jewish Temples that stood from King Solomon until just after Jesus), in the heart of Jerusalem, Muslims pray facing mecca with their rear side towards the Temple area. Al Qods means the Holy. Why did they build their mosque there of all places? Because thats where the Jews had their Temple and were there 2000 years before Islam. IE everyone, Mohammed included, knew that except you.Dont believe me , read some history or better yet see for yourself, there are excavations in the city of David, you can see reality and touch it. Or you can stay inside that small mind of yours in a small dark room of ignorance.

Just the man needed to push the Pals to another intifada, and the excuse needed to try for a final solution.

The only thing I like about Obama is that he is probably the least pro-Israel president ever.  Do not fund any wars for the Israelis.

The United States has to make it perfectly clear to Israel, that they have to stop their sabre rattling in the Middle East, and that we will not commit American lives in a war there that was the result of Nutanyahu's carelessness.

why is all of israels news coming from JERUSALEM that is not part of israel

His Will, WILL BE DONE.

of course israel should go to war against iran,how else can we rid the world of jews?.

Let Americans learn the IMPEACHMENT PROCESS...

God bless Israel, and the USA until it sides with Israels enemies. Note to Obama = Don't even think about it.!

Hit I-Ran now there weak with sanctions, kill as many As possible Muslims are guilty by birth they follow the teaching of a murder and a pedophile Mohamed !Another war-criminal with hands stained in Palestinian blood!

@ Marie G.... Zionist Israel's tactic is to play the victim, whine and beg someone else to wipe Iran off the face of the earth, for them.

Nathan Rothschild bankrolled this nation of illegal aliens after the jewish lobby in Great Britain pressured Lord Balfour to grant them a so-called Jewish Homeland.  That grant was given at the expense of millions of Palestinians living there.

things you can do to koran: pee on the trash, burn it and use it as toilet paper

Moshe Ya'alon is a zionist war criminal.  Another POS among the zionists controlling Palestine.

ISLAM, I believe, is a Grand Delusion, birthed by Muhammad's hallucination he relayed to his first wife and employer, Khadija. Greatly frightened, he told Khadija that he was visited by jinn (devil) in the Hira cave. Khadija comforted the distraught man by assuring him that the episode was Allah's way of choosing him as his messenger. Muhammad believed his rich wife-employer who was 15 years his senior and the delusion became a belief -- Islam.Remarkably enough, under the early tutelage of Khadija, Muhammad succeeded in attracting a number of influential followers. Before long, the movement gathered more and more power through violent campaigns and the faith was taken to new people and alien lands.This grand delusion, Islam, presently has in its stranglehold over a billion humans, posing an existential threat to all non-Muslims.Islam is rooted in the primitive tribal mentality of "We against Them," "We the righteous against the heathens," "We the servants submissive of the Great Allah against the rebellious enemies of Allah." Islam is a polarizer. Islam is an enemy-maker. To Islam, a non-Muslim is a combatant against Allah and he is fair game to be subjugated and killed...

This article is absolutely untrue and pure propaganda against netanyahu.  I actually know a lot of Israeli politics and this post of defense minister was fully Netanyahu's.  He could have choose anyone he wanted.  If this guy wasn't on the same page as him on Iran, do you really think he would have picked him?  Ya, makes so much sense.  There were certain posts like education and finance he gave away to entice other parties into the coalition to form the 61 seats needed for the govt., but this post of defense minister was all his to choose anyone he wanted.

Years ago, Netscape and Yahoo were going to merge to form Netandyahoo but the deal fell through.

Let World leadership be in the hands of those who have positive optimism that one day in the long run human races could live in harmony. Unfortunately, Israeli palastine Iran issues are being dealt by immature puny human specimen; see the latest players in the game, all liliputs.

Now that it has been established that Moshe Ya'alon is just another zionist war criminal for the Rothschild Zionist Israelis, we can move on.So, how have the Banksters, like the Rothschilds now operating out of zionist Israel, attempted to control the US government since the 1700's?An answer can be found in the video, ** The Secret of Oz (2009) ** on You Tubeor at - filmsforaction -Let's see : President Obama 's solution for the Middle East problems is to send 250 million US tax-payers dollars to the Muslim Brotherhood fanatics  today governing Egypt , and to further  "negotiate " with more failed  " diplomacy "  with the crazy nut of Iran who is giving him an the world the finger.A nuclear war in the region is coming if the fanatics of Iran are not stopped  , as they surely will use the nuclear bomb once they get it  and Israel would respond with another.

Iran is only the latest in an endless list of Jew 'enemies.' These clowns didn't get along with European Christians any better than they do with Muslims or the people of any of the other DOZENS of lands from where they've been expelled for their behaviour. Sad.

If some people and their families had to live in Israel for a few months and be forced to dodge all the rockets that hamas is lobbing into their cities then they would have a different opinion about Israel and their right to defend themselves.

World War 3 Coming Soon !!!

one year or less.... Iran will get hit...this year.....................

Obummer will strike Iran in 2013..bank on it.......................

Netanyahu the war monger wants to bully the USA to make the US taxpayer pay for their wars of aggression!

The war gangster try to trigger another  war in the middle east.He will get stung if disturb beehive.

Why should America bother about Iran, If Israel interested in attackking Iran that is left to Israel.Further Israel has no moral right to attack Iran since Israel got more Nuclear weapons than Iranand entire Middle East put together also America is not belong to Jews. Iran is not a threat to US but Israel is.

Israel has lost all support from everyone on our planet. It seems to me that these lovely people have absolutely no idea of how to run a country.I have a bad feeling about the this country. Something terrible is bound to happen there.Israel gets very little support from the USA. You idiots are so misinformed or just stupid as hell. Egypt and Libya get alot more money from us then Israel does. Get your facts straight before you show your stupidity by posting. What a bunch of #$%$. I hope when Iran gets there first nukes they lands in your yards. Iran won't stop with Israel, they want to get rid of all infidels.

Same #$%$...do not trust the Jews

zionism is evil-ism . israel has 200 nukes and has-not signed the NPT treaty -but iran who has signed the NPT and has no nukes , is the threat ?  yea right . may zionism be erased 'from the sands of time '

Pulverize Iran and forcibly move all the Bullsh#$%/Stenians to Egypt, Jordan, Syria where they belong. I would wipe my @$ with the whole middle east by now if I were Israel.

Get rid of religion, problem solved.

"Likud and Bennett to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values.  The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

why dont arabs bring their wives to soccer games?they are afraid they will jump over the fence and eat the grass

Let Israel learn to love thy neighbors.

Don’t you think since N Korea threatened to nuke California it’s a bigger threat than Iran...? Who gives a sh-t about Persia you throw backs.

does anyone read the Bible anymore?God commands that we as chrisitans stand up for, and stand with Israel.It is clearly stated in the Bible that God will "bless those that bless Israel, and curse those that curse Israel." Jerusalem was given to Gods chosen people, the people of Israel, and noone is to take it from them, or any part of it. Israel is just trying to protect what is theirs, what was given to them not by man, but by Almighty God.Evidently some people think its not ok for Israel to defend itself.Its other nations around it that have been trying to wipe it out for many years, Israel IS allowed to stand up for itself.CHRISTIANS UNITE, stand up for ISRAEL!!!You will find blessings in Gods eyes.how come all arabs look like rats with moustaches, what an insult to rats

I Just Wonder if YAHOO is a Sunni or #$%$ Website?

Either we get behind Israel today or we fight Iran alone tomorrow... The fact is Iran not only hates Israel but the USA too because of our freedom of religion. Not to mention the sactions we pushed on them.

why do arabs use sandpaper? for a map

Netanyahu and all Kykeraeli's can kiss all Iranians and ma pasty white ayce!

Stop bullying...Man up Israel, USA cant pick fights for you. Its not the question of money, you already have a bad status in the world, well , change your attitude. Big brother will not fight your war. BIBI need to quit nd start gardening!!Barry, dont listen to bibi!!!!!

Palestinians are Jordanians.  They are a made up people.

#$%$ Israel. How many wars are we going to fight because they don't want to play nice with others? And when are we, as a country, going to remind our leaders that their priorities are here, not there? Oh right. When we stop letting our leaders be paid for by Israeli lobbyists.

how do arab men get their wives pregnant? they explode on the woman's feet and let the flies do the rest

This article is a joke it starts of to say when israel will go to war with iran .... This is a joke iran can crush this tiny state in a matter of hours yahoo your articles are entertainment for the fools.Go attack Iran already but prepared to go alone. This whole barbaric region needs to have the final solution played out. You would think the women of the Middle East would rise and execute an answer to these barbarians. This would include foreskinectomies for some payback.

We all knows that liberals are cowards  no action from them only words no country in this world will hear about their destruction and do noting Israel should be ready to attack Iran because Iranians has said it without hiding any word that when they get there bomb Israel will be wipe out   sanction never work the more you delay the more Iran bomb is getting readylike n/Korea

There is no solution for the Middle East, the Muslims hate the Jewish people and any and all Christians, When I was in the Middle East I was told by an Arab to kill a Christian was to make it to Mohamed.  So if the people think Israel is a thorn you must be a Muslim or no very little about these radical Arabs that live in the Muslim world.Iran has little or no love for the United States and would attack us if they could, it has nothing to do with Israel as much as we all point towards them, it is the United States Iran wants to shove into the ocean more than Israel. Let us not forget 911 this was an attack on us not Israel/.

If the US can not control Israel attitude toward war, neither china toward NKorea.

Once again: the ONLY problem is israel and the jews!

You must understand that Judaic extremism is the root of Zionism, and that Zionist crimes would not be possible without the Jewish tribalism and supremacism gives the Zionists power over﻿ media, finance and gov't the Zio Matrix of Power.

Zionism is the latest historical expression of what you can describe as Jewish extremism or﻿ Jewish Supremacism. Not all Jews are supremacists or extremists, but there is no question that just about all the largest Jewish organizations are extremist and certainly pro Zionist and pro Israel. Because of their incredible tribal dominance of media and finance and politics you can criticize Muslim extremism and Christian extremism, but not the ideology of Jewish extremism which leads us to disaster.

Who led the Likud asasination on Rabin ??? They all talked strong about him being dead until he was assasinated then they deny what they thought and said.....

Israel started with Zionism. It was founded on it. Without Zionism Israel would not exist. If we can just do away with Zionism we will do away with Israel and then everything will be okay and there will be peace…’And again, it is a very thing tempting to ‘go there’. I dream of the day when there is no Israel zionist policy and it has been ‘wiped off of the map’ as the President of Iran once noted. No more dead Palestinians and Iraqis. The western world going about its business of implementing the principles taught by its founder, jesus of Nazareth. No threat of nuclear holocaust and our children sleeping safely at night with a veritable future ahead of them.Judaism zionist is nobody’s friend, Get rid of it. It is a cancer. Cut is out and throw it away.this is only solution of World peace

I know their neighbors try from1948 till now to drive Israel into the sea  but Israel says we are so extrem that  we have the right to exist and you even with Russia's help will not drive us into the sea . Wow now that is bad? If they are that big and bad you should leave them have peace it would be so easy but it would break your laws.Virtually no one in Congress confronts to AIPAC (pro zionist israeli). Doing so is a career-ender. It has enormous influence over US Middle East policies affecting Israel, including war and peace.AIPAC It manufactures threats to promote fear. It wants the Islamic Republic destroyed. It targets other regional states. It wants unchallenged Israeli regional dominance. James petras says its sole purpose "is to ensure Israel’s unchallenged military and political power over a huge region from North Africa to the Persian Gulf."(Iran persion land).Its annual meeting "is the most outrageous public display of Zionist-Jewish power as it shapes US foreign policy.AIPAC threatens "to drag the US into another major war in the Middle East - this time against Iran." Doing so is lawless, madness, and self-destructive.War on Iran may go nuclear. Weapons of mass destruction may be used against a nonbelligerent state. The potential economic and human consequences are staggering. At issue is either stopping this madness or be consumed by it..

Israel destroyed our economy﻿ no doubt and now controlling USA, this is really sucks and I hate Israel

Stephen walt says Washington should avoid war. It's not in America's interest. Diplomacy should be prioritized, not conflict. Policy makers mustn't "get buffaloed into a war by Israel." He urges reengaging Iran directly.It "makes so much sense," he stresses, even though AIPAC and other hardliners reject it. Together with Netanyahu, they're heading America for war. They're "painting the United States into a corner.Israel can't go it alone. It lacks enough power. It can't sufficiently damage Iran's nuclear facilities without US help. Israel understands. It's pushing Washington into a war it shouldnt wage.Last March, Occupy AIPAC said "AIPAC wants war with Iran. We don't!" Its open letter to Congress said "AIPAC is on the warpath - this time with Iran. They say the US should be willing to attack Iran or support an Israeli attack.Lets see what will happen in 8 months of 2013 or TIME NEAR TO END OF THIS WORLD accordin to Holy Books

After educating myself further on the matter, I have come to the logical conclusion that Zionism equals Fascism, pure and simple, it is an abomination﻿ on mankind.