Mayo Clinic standards should apply to all healthcare facilities in America.  Third world medicine is not acceptable here.  Rich or poor, people should get top quality medical treatment.  This is America after all.

Already the defense is using incendiary words - "lynching" - and playing the race card.  What does the man's color have to do with the charges brought against him?  Nothing.

When you're incompetent quack it doesn't matter what color you are.

I find it darkly humorous that the prosecution is being called racist for charging a man with murder for killing the children of minorities.

Guy must be guilty as h-e-l-l if his lawyer is throwing the race card this early in the trail

OK Ap—I see a photo of the lawyer—I see a photo of the husband and wife---where is the photo of this Butcher--

Wow if these charges are true then this is one sick S.O.B. and I hope he gets shanked with some scissors when he's put into jail.

The term "Subhuman" was made for people like this.

The babies that he "allegedly" killed had survived the abortion procedure at a viable age and were breathing on their own (and would have survived with the ordinary care given newborns at their gestational ages of 7-9 months) when he stuck scissors in their necks and severed their spines. I really don't think the race of the doctor is the issue here.

Even pro-choicers have to admit that if the allegations are true, it's pretty sick. Or do they?[...deliver live babies that were then killed by staff with scissors, she said]Evil to the bone.... sad for the innocent babies.

a "lynching"Here it goes....

Sounds like a slaughterhouse.

" But McMahon argued that neither took a breath."If I recall my biology classes that is easy to prove one way or another.

Trying to defend Gosnell defies rational thought  The version the defense is trying to present borders on theater of the absurd.  Im pro choice but Gosnell should have been shut down decades ago.  There is frequent reference to his wealth.  Id be very curious to see financial records for the people who were supposed to keep an eye on his clinic and make sure it complied with state regulations.

I just wish the headline was true. I would trip the door myself.

This guy needs his ticket punched.

Racism? What about the black and Hispanic babies he's aborted? Isn't that racism too?

"He was still wearing his bloody latex gloves. They had some holes in them. And he ate his dinner. He didn't take them off," FBI agent Jason Huff testified.so this guy doesn't even bother to take off his bloody gloves from the abortion to eat dinner?  this is a seriously disturbed individual.

I worst racists are the one that see racism in everything.Lynching?  60% of black black babies are aborted in New York.  Abortion is the lynching.  Kermit is a black Klansman.

If the man is guilty of these charges, he should be shot.

Funny as to how when a black is tried in this country it's always racism.This man deserves death regardless of his color.If they don't want to be on trial,clean you act up

I worst racists are the one that see racism in everything.

I am so sick and tired of the first and loudest defense given when a black is accused of wrongdoing is a cry of racism.  If blacks wish to be treated as equal, they should accept responsibility for their actions.

I hope he does get the death penalty and perhaps having a pair of scissors to the base of the skull is the appropriate method.

If he did the garbage they claim he did hang his butt. If he didn't leave him the fork alone.

Sounds to me like lynching is too good for this POS!If they are going to throw around terms like "lynching" when referring to justice being meted out for a criminal, I just wonder what term they would apply to what he did to all those not-yet-born babies that he aborted!

This is a murder trial?What's he doing out on bail????

Sounds like his defense attorney is desperate ALREADY at this stage of the game. The way I see it, murder is murder and neglect is neglect.Yes Mr. Lawyer - you are right - NOT!. He is a cold-blooded murdered, pure and simple. You can't defend him

Murder is murder regardless of color or ethnicity.

You don't love babies if you kill them.

This poor man is not receiving a proper lynching.  Somebody fetch the rope.

That guy in the picture labeled Dr. Kermit Gosnell is NOT black. Just because you have 1/16 of a race in you doesn't mean you're that race.

There goes the race card again.

It doesn't look good when the race card is his defense's opening move.Don't care what color his skin is, he was operating a medical facility improperly and violating quite a few laws, as well as committing murder.

Death Penalty......Gosnell should suffer same as he inflicted to others with sissors.

I don't think that the death penalty will work because negligence is not malice of forethought. But he is old enough to get life in prison and die of natural causes long before the appeals and other procedures would lead to the execution in about 20 years.

The lawyer is just as despicable, and inhuman as the "doctor".  Sickening.He was running a rogue clinic that ignored the state ban on third-term abortions and 24-hour waiting periods. The persons who dies were minorities. The people who suffer the most in abortions are minorities.What lynching are we talking about?

this is the future of medicine under obama

"Gosnell, 72, is accused of running a rogue clinic that ignored the state ban on third-term abortions and 24-hour waiting periods. Prosecutors say he also maimed desperate, often poor women and teens by letting his untrained staff perform abortions and give anesthesia. And they say he got rich doing it, by performing a high volume of substandard abortions."Yes  - THEY'RE GOING AFTER HIM BECAUSE HE'S BLACK !

... accused officials of "an elitist, racist prosecution,"Wish I was born with a natural excuse for everything.

Abortion is nothing more than sacrificing children to Saturn (Satan).

"A Lynching"...My #$%$... Let's hope the jury isn't as #$%$ as his defense attorney.

When there is no logical defense,race card is the best defense,eh !

Race card might be a good defense when he has no defense !

This guy is a disgrace.  To say that this guy is targeted because of his race is a copout and is obviously being raised because there is no legitimate defense.  He didn't follow the law and didn't follow any reasonable standard of medical care, even for a third world country.  I believe a woman should have the right to make a decision about whether or not to continue with a pregnancy, but she also has a right to expect competence and someone who will follow basic rules of medicine and hygeine.

guilty is, as guilty does,lynching still offers greater chance of survival than he gave the babies that were born alive, then killed with scissors!

Racist?  Lynching?Get serious!  I am pro-choice, but this man needs to go to prison for a long, long time.

I didn't even know this guy was African-American before I knew he was a murderer. This fellow is a criminal...I know, innocent till proven guilty...so I'll wait to call him that.

Most of this could have been prevented with consistent adequate birth control practiced by all parties.

Take a real good look at this case..because if the repubs and right to lifers have their way /or if Roe/vs Wade is overthrown ...this is your future!

He must have been flying beneath Obama's radar - else the butcher would be our surgeon general

If he RAN AN ILLEGAL CLINIC AND PERFORMED ILLEGAL ABOTIONS has nothing to do with his race. Why are dark skinned people so ready to throw down the RACE CARD when they break the law or the insanity pleas? Own up to the fact that you are on trial for breaking the law.

It is so very sad that so few are shocked and horrified by this."...Gosnell used outmoded drugs and unorthodox methods, forcing women to endure labor and then deliver live babies that were then killed by staff with scissors, she said..."

Hang the MF from a street light.

"Gosnell used outmoded drugs and unorthodox methods, forcing women to endure labor and then deliver live babies that were then killed by staff with scissors...."My jaw just dropped in horror. Scissors?!Bloody murderer. Lock him up.I'm strongly pro choice, but this #$%$ should hang and his race baiting lawyer should hang right next to him.

Every person should realize when you have a late term abortion that baby is 'usually' born alive.Like it or not that is a scientific fact.It doesn't matter whether the doctor is competent or not.

Abortion clinics...........vacation resorts for irresponsible liberals.

Abortion is painful and ugly even under pristine conditions especially for the aborted.

So, prosecuting a black murderer is not OK????

Good Lord. I had to stop reading this article because it became too overwhelming with how awful this is. Why on earth would they allow this Dr. Mengele to continue administering abortions? This is another example of how women and children are still sub-par in our society.Then, he has an all black jury? How did that become fair? And claiming that he is such a great person and that he is just innocently working in an urban clinic? And playing the race card? What it sounds like he did was so horrifying and the excuses that not only he/his attorney are using but also the people that worked for him are so outrageously ridiculous that I can't even almost believe these people believe what they are saying.Of course he tried and those working for him to cover his tracks. Women and babies died needlessly and there is no undoing that. Imagine what other women who survived are having to deal with the rest of their lives, too. It sounds like not only did he and his staff sadistically enjoy torturing and killing and covering it all up, but also seems to have preyed on women who were pregnant. This is so awful I am having trouble formulating clear thoughts to express.

Some of these women could have just had those babies and dropped them off at a hospital and/or fire station no questions asked;and nobody the wiser.

I guess you can't really call the Doctor a Racist himself. After all,he's KILLED thousands of babies from all Races of the World !!!

"He was still wearing his bloody latex gloves. They had some holes in them. And he ate his dinner. He didn't take them off," FBI agent Jason Huff testified.Well, done, Doctor

How does this stuff happen? We keep looking for the next Hitler rising to power and commiting atrocities in all these other countries and yet the top candidates are already commiting atrocities in our own backyard!!Fry the baby killer...

The 'racist' card has been played so many times it has become meaningless.

send the creep back to his own country and bar him from this country. Hacks give real doctors a bad name. And the 2 interns should be fired from whatever job they have and never get a license. And the crack about mayo clinic standards if he was a caring doctor then he would have strived for such standards and not kill.You are a disgrace to the Medical profession

Differance between this and some planed parnethood is??  N O T H I N G

Just gross!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

No wonder the lawyer had to play his race card so early, with eight co-defendents already pleading guilty and willing to testify. As brought up by others, he is not being tried for being black, he is beign tried for murdering babies, therefore whether is black, white, or green is totally irrelevent to the case.

Stabbing a living baby in the neck isn't an abortion, it is unquestionably murder.

it's the epitome of success to make money doing something you love...

Typical of the black Democrats to play the race card.

A crime is a crime................justice should be blind! Color, race,gender, etc!sick dude

abortionist = for hire killers .

Angie, every child that is aborted is butchered.  Torn apart, decapated and burned to death with chemicals is also unacceptable.  Too bad your mother did not choose to abort you.

This guy is revoltingHope they put him in prison for a very long timeThrow away the key

Last refuge of a liberal scoundrel, play the race card.But liberal scoundrel is a bit redundant.

Racist?But the doctor is white.Unless they're finally admitting that it's possible that Blacks are racist too?

Only a democrat could snip the spine of a baby.

Same people who are against abortions DONT want to pay for the unwanted babies they are "so-called" trying to save. How friggin hypocritical can one group of people be?

The Doctor is guilty because of his criminal actions, not his race.

Lynch the lawyer.Never would have happened if they stayed in their own country !

Defense: Philly abortion doc's case 'a lynching'...well, at least it wasn't a siphoning of his brain and the removal of his limbs.

Gosnell used outmoded drugs and unorthodox methods, forcing women to endure labor and then deliver live babies that were then killed by staff with scissors, she said. Normally, the fetus is killed in utero. And this is what a women's choice really looks like.

Romans 3:10, read it before you pass your judgement.

I just don't feel much sadness for the 41 yr old woman who died having an abortion.....  for all of you so called Pro Choice go take a look at abortion photos.... it's murder.

How about all the human babies that he's lynched, do they get lawyers?

He'll pay for his horrors.

he deserves all he will get, just reaping as he has sown, like Tiller. simple as that.

Substandard abortions. Isn't that what many states are inevitably causing with their vows to eliminate the termination of a pregnancy?

He is not a doctor, they are sworn to protect life.  He is nothing more than a well paid hit man.  Give him money and he snuffs out a life.if guilty this  man that with his staff should be aborted from the planet...

Pro-choicers don't like to read or hear how the late term abortion goes down.  This is one reason they are fighting tooth and nail to prevent pregnant women seeking an abortion to be required to have a sonogram and see the living being within her body.  They cry foul when a dead fetus is posted on billboards and say that all the right-to-lifers are creating a psychological stigma women who get abortions have to live with.  I say, quit suigar coating this tragedy.  Describe it and show it for what it really is.  Les, you are right about this being murder but the details stick.

Abortions made legal was the start of the End for this country.

Always the damned race card

WHAT?

Race ????, black doctor feeding off of mainly poor imagrints and black people, sounds like to me  he was trying to thin his own race

This is going to be a tough case with many complicated issues to be decided. Let us all hope that it is tried by fact and not some religious, or racial agenda.

No race card Please !

I am surprised that Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton are not grandstanding on this one to get more attention to themselves.

High em high!If ANY pro-choice/Pro-Abortion people have issues with what he did then how is it any different than what doctors do every day in abortion clinics?

Why do women have to wait so long in a pregnancy to decide, I don't think I want this kid afterall???  Several babies were born alive and then died.  People rally in the streets when dogs are abused, guess what, this is abuse of the worst kind, voluntary abuse!!!!  We already have legalized murder,  why did these people go to this man????  Third term abortions are hiddious!!!!!!!!!!!  Why are animals more imprtant than human life?????????:??????

more evidence of the democrat war on women

Stick the Doctor in jail and throw the key away. Amen

i think the lynching victims were the babies involved.they are the ones that are dead, not the murderer.

A lawyer defending a Philadelphia abortion provider on murder charges accused officials of "an elitist, racist prosecution," as the death-penalty trial opened Monday.Lawyer Jack McMahon also accused city officials of "a prosecutorial lynching"????? Are you #$%$ kidding me?!?!?This guy was caught with the butchered remains of babies, that had been born alive, in refrigerators in his "clinic"!What he should have gotten when he was caught WAS lynched!!!

Liberals should love this guy. Sounds like he had this killing unborn babies thing tuned like a fine watch.

He is not only a murderer of the innocent but also a reckless killer, and a tax evader! Why do you suppose he got that much cash stashed at home???

I wonder just how many MORE GUYS LIKE THIS we'll see if abortion is declared illegal.

This doctor is working in Philadelphia and probably had mostly black clients so he killed mostly black babies.  And the women who died during the abortions were black too.  At least we see the pic of the black woman above.  The stupid white lawyer thinks he's gonna play the race card?  I don't think the black jury wants this doc on the streets performing abortions as he has been...killing the mother and baby....If they don't get him off the street and into jail where he can't do abortions it's to the detriment of the black community since that's mostly who he's harmed.The only proven way to reduce the rate of abortions and prevent situations like these, is to make a variety of contraceptives available and provide sexual education. And when abortions are chosen, there should be well maintained facilities in which they can be performed.  Making abortion illegal has never prevented abortions. To declare that material life is sacred is not only untrue, but causes evil by declaring something divine that clearly is not.

So sad, I can almost guarantee he will be acquitted or found guilty of a much lesser offense with a mostly black jury. The "race card" is a very powerful tool with them. If those FBI agents were white or anyone on the prosecution team are white he's a free man .

If it sounds like a duck, it's a quack.

if only these rantings were anywhere near to the truth we would have been spared this nightmare of a president.

He throws the race card around. So what were the races of his victims? Seems he has no problem killing and using people of other races but claims racism when he held to account for his actions.

I'm glad I'm not a juror on this one. Both sides appear to be reprehensible in their arguements!

CORRECTION:  Philly Doc's case SHOULD be a lynching!

Ask this doctor if he is against the Death Penalty?

I am unable to understand how even a marginally decent human being can slaughter a helpless baby with a "scissors", as part of their job, and then live with themselves for even a moment afterward. I know that Nazi references are terribly overused on message boards, but the best comparison I can make is a worker at a Nazi death camp during WWII. Ho-hum, just another day at the office (yawn). It is chilling and nauseating.

"Philly abortion doc's case 'a lynching'"...  What a shame, the poor guy.  Must just be missunderstood, who doesn't just love a baby killing to start the morning?Oh well, whose got the rope?  This suckers got an express ticket for his meeting with Jesus.This man is not unique. An abortion clinic near my house delivered delivered a live baby and then killed it. They paid a $100 fine and still operate.

a hero to the pro dead baby lobby

You think this is bad?  Wait til the Right overturns Roe v. Wade, this will be commonplace.  Education is the key, that, and decent paying jobs.

The ever present race card.

This is exactly what you get by prohibition of abortion.It has been shown in the US among the states that restricting abortion does not reduce the incidence of abortion.It has been shown throughout the world that making abortion illegal does nothing to stop the actual incidence of abortion you only make it illegal and dangerous.You want to reduce abortion make contraceptive available, provide an environment that provides financial security and provides a setting for a strong family.As for Dr. Gosnell he need to be punished, not for providing abortions but for providing extremely poor quality of care, endangering and directly contributing to the deaths of desperate individuals and profiteering from it.

Sick. It boogles my mind how sick people are. These are poor little babies he killed. I hope he gets whats coming to him.

"Gosnell, 72, is accused of running a rogue clinic that ignored the state ban on third-term abortions and 24-hour waiting periods. Prosecutors say he also maimed desperate, often poor women and teens by letting his untrained staff perform abortions and give anesthesia. And they say he got rich doing it, by performing a high volume of substandard abortions."Yes - THEY'RE GOING AFTER HIM BECAUSE HE'S BLACK !

Abortions were his business and business was good. How can that monster even sleep at night?

Sick and sad

sounds like a clear cut case of murder to meSome defense lawyers have no souls, like in this case...

America has become harsh concerning things that need love, and love the things we should be harsh towards. We are turned around and facing the wrong way. Minds are darkened and hearts are hardened. What will it take to wake America up and change her ways?

I am pro-choice and if these acusations are true this man should be lynched

This is one sick story.

The lawyer took the case when he found out about the $250,000 they took from his home. Figures there is more hidden somewhere else.

This PoS will have AG Holder step in for him and Planned Parenthood. When all he really needs is a 50 cent slug from a 45. He is a true insult to the medical field.

Lynching? Racist? The whole concept of bringing up racism/lynching is becoming all too common! It's now viewed as borrish and pathetic!

A murderer! He has no conscience! Throw him to the dogs!

Why are there no pictures of the doctor who's on trial here? Instead, there's a picture of the adult victim and two pics of his lawyer, for Pete's sake...

With all of the other sensationalism from the media on so many-most or all- topics, I wonder what the actual truth is here. Could be worse. Could be better. I doubt that we'll ever know because of the dishonesty/greed of attorneys.Defense lawyer McMahon using terms like "racist prosecution" and "prosecutorial lynching" proves that Shakespear was right....."Kill the lawyers first"

Don't go there.  He's a murderer and a hack, plain and simple.  Don't bring race or abortion rights into this quagmire.Just for once, call a thing by its right name.This man was not and is not a doctor.  He is a serial killer and the agencies that should have exercised oversight were little more than accessories to murder.

All abortions are slaying babies at different gestational stages and/or ages.

Judgement day will help him to recall the truth!!!

he should get the death penlity , for killing that many kids.

It may sound racist. But i notice as i was reading this story. It mentioned a "black abortion provider". I don't care if this evil p.o.s was purple all over. I am for abortions. However not like this. The way i am getting this message. That this "black monster" killed these babies when these women where 3 mos. Old or more. Now i am against that. I hope this monster, gets the death penalty. A life for a life.

Shame!  For every  baby he killed, he DENIED the Socialist Democratic Party another voter!

Infant slayer. May he burn in Hell.

Well now...we ain't had us a good lynchin' in quite some time. Now he knows how the babies felt....if only.

This is pure horror. Just pure horror. I can't imagine a baby being born and expecting to be cared for, only to be murdered. I can't imagine what goes on in the mind of someone who can do that? Why didn't they just bring the babies to the firehouse? There was a better choice. Poor babies.....hmmm, no mention of the jars they found filled with babies feet. Lynching? Yeah he should be lynched. But cut HIS feet off 1st!

Playing the race card I see, what an unorthodox move.

If men could get pregnent abortion would be legal forever.

LYNCH THE MURDERER

LYNCH THE MURDERER

" the murder charges are instead based on staff testimony that the babies moved or cried".Come on liberals I want to hear your argument for abortion some more. Tell me being pro life is wrong. Tell those women that being irrisponsible has no consequence . Tell us how those children in waste baskets and jars are the same as a tumor.

Most likely the people who went to this guy for medical treatment we don't want them to breed anyways . He could be doing society a favor .The world is overpopulated. I am not saying it's ok just saying . it is kinda sick in this country anyways other country's just wait till there born and throw them in the river or something.

Slowly lower this guy into a vat of acid.

Innocent until proven guilty...but, the evidence here looks fairly straight forward (and gruesome, I might add).  Doesn't seem like a "lynching" to me, just the wheels of justice.

This wouldn't happen at a Planned Parenthood. There needs to be more PP's.only the American health care system allows such to happen

Remember, all you pro abortion ladies, Bill Clinton signed and approved a partial birth abortion bill, i.e. a live birth where a "doctor" pierces the base of the baby's skull with scissors and sucks out the brains of the living child.  If that isn't murder, I don't know what is.

LYNCH THE MURDERER

This is the truth about abortion. It is killing outside or inside the womb. Killing innocent and defenseless human being is a crime.

He should be tried for breaking state abortion laws, not murder.  People die during surgeries all the time.  Let him be sued for medical malpractice like every other doctor who loses a patient.

Gosnell must be posessed by satan. How horrible!!!

None of my business!

When the b murderer is black and you have nothing else to offer, use the race card.  It worked for OJ and obozo so let's try it here

This was quite common before Roe vs Wade. People have a short memory .

Planned Parenthood is probably paying for his defense. I haven't heard Cecile Richards on this.You call those people Americans?

Nobody gets to tell me what I can do with my body nor apply their morals or beliefs to my life...period.  Anyone that thinks they can...well, I have a number of requirements for them too.

I suspect some of this a witch hunt but at the end of the day, this place had deplorable conditions.  No medical facility in the USA should have such substandard employee's or work conditions.

I am pro choice in my politics but this guy does need to be severly punished. I am also disturbed by that large sum of cash found at his home. To many secrets in this case that need to be exposed in a court room. Abortion is the law of the land but this guy and his business associates sound very fishy.

I hope and pray that this Gosnell trial really get the full medial attention it deserves and is not supressed by Planned Parenthood lobby. McMahon is pathetic with his "ad-hominen" ("against-the-man" arguments) -- that is calling the officials racists which is not the issue. The blattant issue is murder of 7 innocent babies and having a staff that are not licensed who do not know aenesthia so that a 41 year old woman died of a lethal dose. So she and her babt died on the same day. So Sad and Tragic! Gosnell is "serial killer". I do not advocate the death penalty..but that he live with his crime and begin to see what he has done and possibly repent. After performing 15,000 abortions, Dr. Nathanson did convert (was Jewish and is now Catholic) to pro-life when he saw a baby fetus fighting back against his instruments to save him/herself. He then spent the next 20 years lecturing on pro-life and the evil of aborition. He became Roman CAtholic and a most devout one. So miracles do happen. People who want to kill abortion doctors are just as bad as the abortion doctors...We pro-lifers must be merciful and forgiving and let God bring these doctors to repentance  and to becoming pro-life advocates.McMahon, attorney for defending Gosnell, said that Dr. Kermit Gosnell "did nothing but give (back) to the poor of West ..Pennsyvania"   Interesting that the whole Abortion Industry is based on lies..that this pathetic lawyer is basing his defense on pure lies..Dr. Gosnell did not give anthing back to the poor by death. And in the whole attitude and mindset of Dr. Gosnell is this: The fetus babies -- in or out of the womb --are not human nor worthy of any compassionate love. Dr. Kermit is a shameless and merciless murderer! He is without compassion or conscience. He must never be allowed to touch a scapel again much less a patient. God forgive him!If the Life and Conception Act is passed, then a human person will be declared present at conception which all medical science knows without a doubt. Once the human personhood of the fetus is legally reconginized by Law, the 14th Amenment will protect them because the 14th Amendment says: "no person shall be deprived of life, liberty,or property without due process of law." Since all fetuses are "persons' - Roe v Wade was unconsitutional in 1973 as well as today. The Michigan Health Code in its section n abortion says and I quote: "During an abortion, the fetus - #$%$-sapiens - is killed!"   #$%$-sapiens" means human being!  Thus the State of MIchigan recognized a fetus as a human being and therefore make abortion illegal in Michigan but does not enforce the 14th amendment to save these babies. Roe v Wade will be seen in History...as much worse that the Nazi gas chambers which killed 6 million Jews: Roe v Wade has already killed 52 million baby human beings in the womb since 1973.God help us!    Peace and love, Pio Peter Zammit, father of 6 and grandfather of 15.

Typical immoral doctor...  No different than any that I've met...

abortionists should face murder charges.

All abortionists should face murder charges.

how does he figure "giving back to the poor" is killing their babies?

This is what happen when Republicans traumatizes abortion clinic. Whenever the government places prohibitions on something that's a norm in society, mayhem will come shortly there after.So many democrats so many abortions.

A Lynching is what it should be...

Well, GOP, this is what you get when you try to ban abortions. Desperate women go underground or do it themselves. Are you proud of yourselves now?

"This is a targeted, elitist and racist prosecution of a doctor who's done nothing but give (back) to the poor and the people of West Philadelphia." Give back what?? If this information in the article is all accurate, you are a boorish pig getting rich off of the backs of the poor and minorities in your neighborhood. This rhetoric is just plain silly in light of what has happened.

If any of this is true, this man is a monster and should be gut shot and left for hogs. But for those who would criminalize all abortions that are performed by real doctors in safe clean environments prior to viability this is what you can expect to start seeing a lot more of as your laws to restrict and ban abortion start to take hold.

I am very pro-choice but a late term abortion should be reserved for medical emergencies the life and health of the Mother or the baby is very ill or severely deformed  maybe for a child who was raped and did not tell in time it should only be used for medical problems in general abortion DOES NOT  mean killing a live baby so maybe this guy is guilty of egregious conduct not becoming of a medical doctor but the death penalty seems a little extreme

Lets face it the blame will always be on racism or Bush.

We have the beautiful liberal vision of compassionate doctors 'helping' poor women, and then we have Dr. Gosnell.  Dr. Gosnell is the reality.

This coming from a guy who is defending someone who snipped the spinal cords of live children.

Hey, be grateful that you didn't get the "Tiller treatment"!Pathetic..."...we all love babies" Yea right. NOT!!!!.The actions of this lamebrain"doctor"prove he is a lunatic.

The ultimate de4fense in America-"racism".....

It is time to go back to the wire hanger.  No safe procedures for women.  Flock of kids no one wants.  First you complain about birth control, now you complain about abortion.  In a few minutes you will complain about welfare mothers.

A poster on Yahoo recently said, and quite seriously, that a woman should have the right to kill a perfectly healthy baby *after* it has been born as long as the umbilical cord was still attached.The previous century taught us that a human being could be conditioned to believe and do pretty much anything."Gosnell used outmoded drugs and improper methodology, forcing women to deliver live babies that were then killed by staff with scissors, she said."

Happens all the time.  Support life!  Don't murder your children in the womb.

It's a woman's body and we're told her right to control her body.  UNLESS, she is getting an abortion based on the child's gender, then it's okay for government to get involved.  Talk about turning the into knots.

this man is a monster. These poor innocent babies died horrific deaths and I hope he burns in hell for ever. I am pro choice but I have a hard time with that when I hear of these kinds of crimes. No one should be killing a baby that can breath and survive on its own. Obama care should provide free birth control and maybe that would help the desperate mothers avoid this all together.

Sounds like the 1950s to me..

This is disgusting.  The "doctor", the staff, the lawyer, the whole thing.  What the hell?

"The standard practice here was to slay babies" yeah isnt that what abortion is all about? So what if this lady died while "slaying" her own child is her life more important than the child's? Psychologically the law created this monster so deal with it libs! He is a product of your own making. This doctor is the face of Roe v Wade. Time to ban this barbaric practice!!! Jeremiah Wright's words come to mind "America's chickens are coming home to roost".taking a pair of scissors and using them to kill a baby who was born alive.. is not giving back to the community.. nor is it an expression of love like the EVIL LIBERAL LEFT WOULD HAVE YOU BELIEVE.. THIS IS SATAN'S WORK.. and THE EPITOME OF EVIL!!

Hang Him. Its a shame we cant torture terriosts but we can tortureour babys, some it seems after birth. Shame on you Liberals.

Oh sorry our mistake, this murderer is a member of some minority, by all means let him go. The race card is king, even when it involves cruelty of this degree.

Please lynch this fool.

Liberal logic: It's an outrage that these babies were killed in such deplorable unsanitary conditions, but if the lobby had nice magazines, clean floors, and a coffee bar, well then that would be ok.

if he is guilty, then since the women wanted the abortions, all these women are just as guilty.

"Lynching"? The attorney is obviously a slimy race baiting liberal, with not an original thought in his body.

Meanwhile most Bleeding heart Liberals will defend him while condemning law abiding people who want to own a gun.

There are MANY barbarians (abortion providers) who've done the same as this guy, and with the protection OF THE LAW.  Obama supported letting live babies DIE in the trash after a botched abortion.....SO WHO'S THE REAL MONSTER?  Wake up.

Tell me again why the abortion industry should remain relatively unregulated?i wouldnt be surprised if he commits suicide.

Let''s chekc his clinic's funding !!!! Where they receiving funds from another perhaps parent organization ????Bill C.

If you cant make up your mind before 8 weeks you don't have much mind, and pay for this crime yourself. Do not make me an accomplice to your murder. that is my CHOICE.

This pig needs to die.  Hell exists for people like Gosnell.

ok I'm  really getting tired of people using the black card for a reason to try and sway  people one way or another YO! JACK! he stabbed babies to death and is a low life That's why he's in jail and as far as giving back to his community WEEEELLLLLLLL I really think the community can survive without his kind of clinic. LAYWERS ARGGGG ! always the racist thing.

It's where we're headed in the not too distant future. Government funded free unlimited, unrestrained abortions for all. Any means will justify the end - a woman's right to choose.

I am pro-choice, but this what this "doctor" was doing is not acceptable.  We need to ensure that abortion is kept legal and regulated so that butchers like this are caught and punished.

He killed inocent babies--hang him high!

This is the kind of thing that will become commonplace if Republicans get their way and get abortion outlawed. It'll be back to back alleys and coat hangers.

So he's playing the race card, for what, to make people feel sorry for him because he's a black man? Try harder next time baby killer, and I hope you rot.He has not been proven guilty in a court of law all the more reason to have a facilities for women to go we don't need women dying in backroom abortion clinics.  Your not going to stop women from terminating they will find a way better to have a place for them to go.  Your going to see babies abandon again and women dying.

Back alley abortions will become more frequent again with the government forced birth jihadists passing more laws to obstruct women's right to a SAFE legal abortion. More women will die because of the 'pro-life' terrorists.

Why is everyone acting so surprised????  This is exactly what was going on when abortion was illegal.  This is the type of thing you get when you stick your nose into private medical decisions that should be between the doctor and patient and have nothing to do with your religious views and imposing them on others.

I think these "choices" are made too late. One can "choose" to keep their legs closed or one can "choose" to use protection. Once you are generating a human body inside of you, and you dont want it, you've proved your not a very good decision maker and these "choices" should be left to those with more quality decision making capabilities. About 1 perent of abortion cases stem from rape or incest. That means 99 percent, 99, are performed on women who have made the wrong "choices" and now want to hold the "choice" of life and death in their palms.

I am confused. That monster looks Caucasian to me. No matter his race he is a shiny example of what type of so called doctors work in those pits of hell. How any decent sane person could do abortions is beyond me. Are doctors who do abortions not intelligent enough for real Doctoring? Abortions for incest, health of mother, rape. Abortion is being used in this day and age as birth control. Any nation that allows this type of hell to exist deserves to be destroyed.

i don't see a problem with this guy. women have the right to get rid of those unwanted slug things if they want to. blazes, the things aren't even self aware until age 2 or so, so they aren't even really "alive" until then. that nonsense about the slugs writhing in pain in the womb and such is just a bunch of propaganda.

The death penalty is to good for this pos.He needs to rot away in prison the rest of his life.The slow death he deserves is better.

I hate people who hide behind words like "the fetus is killed in utero." Say the truth for once "the BABY is killed in utero." When this all falls apart, and it will, abortionist will know the full extent of what "killed" means.

I just feel so sorry for God's children....they weren't even given a chance....

This is exactly what you get, when you start trying to limit or regulate abortion.  There will always be people who for one reason or another, can not, or will not conform to the regulations. These ladies will go to whom ever will help them with their problem.  If it isn't legal, they will us illegal doctors. These doctors are driven by profit, not morals.  We used to have an underground abortion system, before Roe V Wade.  We are heading for it again, driven by bible thumping moralist, who want everyone to adhere to their standards, or else."... forcing women to endure labor and then deliver live babies that were then killed by staff with scissors"  ... doesn't that make this abortionist the prototypical Progressive?

Maybe he was an odd guy - - so what. Abortion is legal - has been since 1973. It doesn't matter if the baby is one day old or 8.5 months old - abortion is abortion - same end result - a binary state. The gross/shock factor is irrelevant when considered logically/rationally. The women came to him willingly and asked for a legal procedure. The overwhelming majority of these women I am sure were black and poor - and in that segment of the population - abortion is sometimes the "birth control" method they practice - unfortunately. Add in the coercion - intimidation and threats made by prosecutors to the other employees - in exchange for their guilty pleas and  testimony - and throw in the "emotionally charged" Abortion debate in this nation - and the rational conclusion would be that this man is being "railroaded" by an overzealous D.A. ( probably a RepubliCon who wants to move up in Politics by the way ) - for performing a legal procedure the women wanted/needed.I wish I were on the Jury - but alas I am not unemployed and live in Philadelphia.

Well, if you ban safe abortions, these are the kind of unscrupulous businesses that will pop up.

He is BLACK? REALLY?!?!?! SO What?  Non Black Looking Black Murderers are still murderers. He committed murder for hire. His victims were the most defenseless victims of all. Unborn babies.Yes he should get the DEATH PENALTY! Murder for Hire is illegal and he doesn't even think he did anything wrong.  What is wrong with these people???? Read the Bible!

I'm pro-choice but this guy is screwed.

If the charges are true of third term abortions, letting untrained perform procedures, maiming women! he was killing babies! and his ass needs to fry the complexion of his skin has nothing to do with the facts!

If the charges are true of third term abortions, letting untrained perform procedures, maiming women! he was killing babies! and his ass needs to fry the complexion of his skin has nothing to do with the facts!

Hmmm, the same people who want to prohibit due process for unborn children are the same people demanding due process for criminals, terrorists and illegal aliens.It all makes sense to me now.  Their brain is just wired wrong.

Sounds like he broke the law. We can expect more of this as we make safe early legal abortion more difficult to obtain.

We have built a society with no respect for human life &amp; this is what happens. Supposedly legalizing abortion was supposed to stop women from dying but obviously that isnt the case.Statistics show that over half of those who undergo the abortion procedure don't survive.

This giy is  disgusting oh ya lets go kill the baby's when there in third trymester have the mothers who want to abort them deliver them alive then kill the baby's with scissors when they come out wreally? this giy should just be shot. then the defense want's to play the race card so they can get this quack doctor off for killing live babie's wreally somebuddy should use a pair of scissors on hem see how he like"s it and then the doctor claims he did nothing ya ok then.

This "doctor" butchered 16,000 babies -- most of which were legal killings.  This is the ugly truth of abortion in America.

This sounds a lot like the abortions women had before abortions became legal. He might not have used a wire hanger or lye, but this just makes me throw up. Did he get his license at a concentration camp?

Third term abortions, scarring women for life!  untrained staff doing procedures, taking their lives after they are born! insult to injury they are minorty women! I would call that murder!  Iam sure he would have made Hitler proud! His complexion has nothing to do with his horrible deeds, the lawyer is just reaching!

If the charges are true of third term abortions, letting untrained perform procedures, maiming women! he was killing babies! and his ass needs to fry the complexion of his skin has nothing to do with the facts!

These black market abortion places would not exist if we closed Planned Parenthood and made free birth control even harder to obtain.

From the article: Authorities have a photograph of the sixth baby, who allegedly had a gestational age of 30 weeks, and the body of the seventh. But McMahon argued that neither took a breath.He conceded the case will be emotional and upsetting for jurors and everyone else involved "because we all love babies."  Apparently not everyone loves babies.

"BLACK" trumps right or wrong! All you have to claim is RACISM and your home FREE!

he should be lynchedWhen are the black people going to get off their racial crying. My goodness' I think they want everything for nothing and do as they dern well want to. Sheesh! No respondsibility whatsoever.

It is so funny that this woman died from an abortian. That said this guy should hang.

You people seen so mad at the doctor but why no anger towards the women. They could put the child up for adoption but they don't do it. These women chose to murder these children to but you people seem to think it's fine for the women to murder them because they are poor and uneducated. I'm so tired of hearing that excuse. Why don't you charge these women with murder to. They wen't to that doctor knowing that child could survive but still put their legs up to let the doctor do the abortion. They are at fault as well but it is to easy to charge just one person but not the women who condemed that child to death to begin with. These women should be charged with  murder for hire.

It is so sad that women are so desperate to not give birth to a child they most likely know that they can't care for and very likely were forced into the sex act that created the child and now must choose this route. This is exactly why we need birth control available to anyone who wants it and good health care for all. No pregnancy, no need for abortion. If all the money, time, energy spent by anti-abortionists was spent on educating and empowering women; abortion would be a thing of the past. How can one person judge another unless they have walked in their shoes!

Abortion is always gruesome and wrong, not just some of the time.

Also throw in incest, and marrying your own first cousin and whatever garbage you can think up. Let's bring in the KKK for good measure.

Babies born alive, only to be murdered with scissors......a Real Liberal American Hero...

"Gosnell, he said, performed as many as 1,000 abortions a year, and at least 16,000 over his long career" He murdered 16,000 people!!! That's more than 5 times the number of people who were murdered because of osama bin laden on 9/11.

If the charges are true of third term abortions, letting untrained perform procedures, maiming women! he was killing babies! and his ass needs to fry the complexion of his skin has nothing to do with the facts!

If the charges are true of third term abortions, letting untrained perform procedures, maiming women! he was killing babies! and his ass needs to fry the complexion of his skin has nothing to do with the facts!Another run-of-the-mill liberal who thinks Roe v. Wade is the end-all to murdering babies.

So it's horrifying when someone sees the baby getting stabbed in the head with scissors, but when it is done inside the woman, out of sight, then it is fine and legal?

"we all love babies"...really?  Is that why we have allowed millions of them to be murdered since Roe  v. Wade?

Ever since knucklehead Obama got elected anything that happens is now 'racist'. Racist, racist, racist, blah blah blah. They murdered a White abortion doctor. What was that then? I am pro Roe v Wade, as a sidenote.

This will become the norm if abortions are made illegal. It is disgusting.

Monstrous! abhorrent!

stupid attorney, most attorneys are a joke

hang the lawyer too

kill this son of a murdering #$%$. hell is waiting on this prick. so is prison I hope.

Race of racing!Pure Evil!!!  The prosecution is seeking the death penalty for a monster who happens to be black who murdered mostly black babies.  There is no defense when someone murders the defenseless!  This country has been murdering its unborn in mass since Roe vs Wade (1973).  We are all guilty of taking the lives of our unborn!  This Evil being let the love of money become above the lives of the precious. Stop!

I'm very confused ... this article says that the defense is claiming racism because this 'Dr.' is black.  But the man I see in the pictures labeled as the Dr. does not appear to be a black man at all.

"He ate dinner with his bloody gloves on." I guess having blood on his hands is no big deal to him.

These anti abortionists are CREEPY...

Murder is murder.  It doesn't matter whether it is done in a sub-standard facility or a state-of-the-art facility.  It is difficult for me to sympathize greatly with the patients who were there to off their offspring!  In a way, I do, but the unborn were systematically murdered by their desire and consent.I mean, is there an acceptable "method" to murder the unborn?  Why aren't all the docs who do this considered guilty of murder?Viva, America!  Home of the free.  Well, unless you are an unborn at the mercy of your very mother.

It's a hard world for abortion providers.  This is what happens when you make abortion ILLEGAL at certain stages.  Abortion ON DEMAND/Without Apology-Our body/Our Choice!

Slay babies my ass!  Those STATE restrictions on abortion are a clear violation of FEDERAL law.  I'm surprised the ACLU hasn't taken the State to Federal court yet.

One thing I don't understand is that if you kill a woman that is pregnant that counts as 2 murders. What if you kill her while she is on the way to an abortion clinic?

R L there is only one difference between this mass murderer and the others in the news.He got rich doig it.

I think he will be acquitted on most of the charges, this is Philadelphia we are talking about.  Plus the jury is mostly black, the lawyer is already playing the race card.  Of course at 72, a twenty year prison term is probably a death sentence anyway.  Plus after appeals, he may end up dying in prison, if the death penalty is applied hereI think he will be acquitted on most of the charges, this is Philadelphia we are talking about.  Plus the jury is mostly black, the lawyer is already playing the race card.  Of course at 72, a twenty year prison term is probably a death sentence anyway.  Plus after appeals, he may end up dying in prison, if the death penalty is applied here

When you can't use facts to support your claims, just call the other side racists.

Congratulations conservatives, this is what happens to women when you make abortions difficult to obtain. Keep whining about the Democrats 'war on women' attack though.In Pennsylvania, the following restrictions on abortion were in effect as of March 2013:A woman must receive state-directed counseling that includes information designed to discourage her from having an abortion and then wait 24 hours before the procedure is provided.Abortion is covered in insurance policies for public employees only in cases of life endangerment, rape or incest.The parent of a minor must consent before an abortion is provided.Public funding is available for abortion only in cases of life endangerment, rape or incest.

When you can't use facts to support your claims, just call the other side racists.

Congratulations conservatives, this is what happens to women when you make abortions difficult to obtain. Keep whining about the Democrats 'war on women' attack though.In Pennsylvania, the following restrictions on abortion were in effect as of March 2013:A woman must receive state-directed counseling that includes information designed to discourage her from having an abortion and then wait 24 hours before the procedure is provided.Abortion is covered in insurance policies for public employees only in cases of life endangerment, rape or incest.The parent of a minor must consent before an abortion is provided.Public funding is available for abortion only in cases of life endangerment, rape or incest.

Welcome to the 21st Century! Never seen abortion as a solution and this is more infanticide than abortion. Something about throwing away the key comes to mind.

Those babies could have been Obamaduma's sons!!!!

Black???? He looks whiter than Vanilla Ice..... lol .....Probably a j0ou

So creepy to think there are people right under are noses pretending to have a license and the knowledge in performing this type of surgery.

Only death penalty was the baby that was MURDERED!!!!Kill him with a pair of scissors.

Black JURY...INNOCENT!

Why does a woman who is killing her child expect sane, safe or humane medical treatment?

And anti-choice conservatives don't think slaughterhouses like this will pop up all over the place if they outlaw or severely restrict abortions. Desperate women have always resorted to desperate measures; just look at statistics in Africa, the Middle East and Latin America. People who are truly "pro-lifers" need to focus on preventing pregnancies in the first place with sex ed policies that actually work, rather than the completely unrealistic abstinence-only programs currently in place in so many high schools. Again, look at the stats: states, especially those in the Bible Belt, that have a policy of abstinence-only sex ed in high schools are the ones with the highest rate of teen motherhood - and guess which demographic also has the highest rate of unsafe abortions?

I'm curious why the mom's aren't being charged.  If they knew they delivered a live baby (which I'm sure they did), and they allowed this "Dr." to kill the live human being with scissors...aren't they an accessory to the murder?

Let's abort your #$%$.HEAD 1st

These poor creatures. They can't even say NO.

it's simple, ABORT him

All abortions are murder.

If you want an abortion other than life threatening.. you should be made to have the baby and then look into the eyes and kill it with your own hands....i bet you will change your mind then...EFF-IN murdererThis is what happens when the government sticks it's nose into medical care and women's rights to say what they can do with their bodies. Poor women are even more at risk because they can not get to any medical care.  So, if we really want to get rid of these animals lets improve the system of health care and tell Congress to stick their nose in their own wife's #$%$ instead of trying to tell every woman what to do with their's. This butcher should be skinned alive.

I am pro-choice, but how this doctor proceeded was wrong.  The decision to have an abortion is a personal one, not to be made by society or religious zealots.  Both the women and "potential" baby have protections under Roe vs. Wade.  This doctor needs to be outed from the system becasue Pro-choice women need clean centers, trained medical professionals, and a society that keeps its hands off her body.

Third term abortions, scarring women for life!  untrained staff doing procedures, taking their lives after they are born! insult to injury they are minorty women! I would call that murder!  Iam sure he would have made Hitler proud! His complexion has nothing to do with his horrible deeds, the lawyer is just reaching!

Frankly, these charges sound unbelievable.  "Witch hunt" may be the right description of this prosecution.

What some are missing to see is that the question pro choice people haven't been able to answer sufficiently.  At what point does the fetus/unborn child have rights.  There are those that say 8 weeks, 16 weeks, 24 weeks or when the child can sustain life on thier own or experience self awareness.  Who determines this?  Who has the right to say that at XX weeks gestation the unborn child has earned the right to life and prior to this it is nothing.A second question is what if the unborn child were killed prior to delivery during an attack on the mother, is it murder?  After all, it could be legally aborted as it is just a fetus with no rights.  You can't have it both ways.What the doctor has done should be completely acceptable to a true pro choice person.  The mother carrying the child made her pro choice decision and the doctor carried out her wishes.  The next logical step in this evolution is to terminate an unwanted child within XX minutes/hours/days/weeks of delivery.The fact that the doctor practiced 2nd or even third world medicine is really the only crime if you are pro choice.  If you are pro life, the act of all those that have abortions, conduct abortions as well as the person that kills the unborn child in an attack on the mother is clear.I am not judging those that have made thier choice.  What I am observing is the path that pro choice has taken and where it could lead.

Interesting, a doctor who killed slightly over half of his patients.

When a teen girl gives birth to a live baby and dumps it in a trash can people call it murder but when a doctor dose the same thing it is ok? black or not I  don't understand how people think anymore. I hope who ever his jury will be will not be fool and he dose time.

18.000 abortions a year are performed in the third trimester each year exactly like the ones Dr. Gosnell performed. That adds up to over 700,000 have been performed since roe v wade became the law of the land. These were done on mostly healthy viable babys. The hands of the U.S.A. are dripping with blood. This country is a butchers paradise for abortion Doctors and their pro choice supporters. The U.S.A. is the worst country in the free world for abortion as it's laws allow murder at any stage of life for these poor defenseless children before birth.

Please, just kill this piece of dog #$%$!

This is what tha Catholic Church is voicing out about aborting babies. Disgusting!What has Liberalism wrought? Shame &amp; sin which will result in eternal damnation in the eternal fires.

I don't understand the problem.  He's already guilty of murder.  That's what abortion is.  So give the satanic quack a post birth abortion and be done with it.  He could have his choice of either having is limbs sucked off by a strong vacuum, or perhaps he would prefer a strong saline solution injected into his brain.  Either form of abortion would be applicable for his post birth abortion.  And since it's only an abortion there would be no need for lengthy time spent on death row.

There are bad people in every profession.

nothing wrong with a lynching if the subject deserves it, and this man deserves to be swung by the neck until dead

Saw this monster's posts (below) from about six hours ago, and thought it good to shine another light on it.  Wow.  I see the abortion fans' tired old argument about rape and incest repeated over and over.  Sure, it happens, and to me should be just about the only reason the practice should be legal.  What struck me was this laundry list of other reasons why a woman, in Angie's opinion, should have the right to contract-kill a child.  I've argued all along that this approach hid the real motive, which boils down to an inconvenience.  Well, you ain't seen nothing yet until you see all her "valid reasons."Female poster Hearad Hearld destroyed her argument.  But it is so sick, I'd like to expose it again.  Clearly Angie, and probably millions of other women and men, consider these objects with their body in the same class as they do their terds.So, here is an encore presentation of evil incarnate:"@Herald- I assumed you were male due to the name "Herald", If you're a woman, then I really don't understand why you would be anti-choice. Nobody should ever be forced to carry a pregnancy against their will. The arrogance of assuming you have the right to tell a woman what to do with her body is astounding.You make a good point that if we reduced poverty, abortion would be reduced as well because many abortions are sought for financial reasons. However, that is not the only reason women seek abortion. There is the rape/incest issue we so often hear about. There are also times when a woman is pregnant by a man she does not want to be bound to for 18 years. There are school and career conflicts that may cause a woman to want to postpone pregnancy and parenthood. Married couples may choose abortion if they feel they don't want to add to their family. Abortion has been occuring throughout recorded history. The only sure thing is that as long as there is unwanted pregnancy, there will be abortion- whether it is legal or not."Stunning.  Glad this beech is not taking care of my healthcare:"There are many medical professionals (myself included) that do not consider a 12-week fetus to be a 'life'. There are plenty of physiological reasons that I could give you for this. However, my main argument supporting my belief is the fact that even if we delivered a 12-week fetus by c-section and applied all of the medical interventions that we could, that fetus would not survive. It is not developed enough to be compatible with life outside the womb. You can't kill it if it wasn't alive to start with. For this reason, I do not believe in late-term abortion unless it is to save the life of the mother or if the fetus has complications that would severely limit its quality of life."Why are you arguing "what ifs" on delivering a 12-week fetus?  Here's a clue "doc":  Try leaving the little booger alone beyond your 12 weeks, save your medical interventions for someone needing them, and see what happens at full term.  Inconvenience over, you then can make another adopting couple happy.  Take a week off to recover your strength, and then you can go back to school or work.

Infants are "MURERED" every day. This IS abortion!

This is a no brainer. Just have the doc's mother come in and abort him. He should be ok with that.

Sounds like we need this guy to participate in a good ol' fashion public hanging in the town square. Desperate poor women and teens shouldn't be treated as if they are lower than what has been set as medical standards

Mainly black jury? The best defense is then the race card. BTW I am black.

If he's black then am White the guy look nothing like black.  The white lawyer is playing a race card he's not black plus whats race got to do with case.Gun freaks - killers in waiting.

He probably was an affirmative action MD! The worst of the worst kind!

a greater crime would be to live w/o love, understanding and sympaty etc.

Guy saved taxpayers tons in welfare payments to "entitled" minorities. He should get a medal.

Sorry, but it's really hard to have a lot of sympathy for a woman who dies trying to have her unborn baby murdered in her womb.

My heroes are the proud White Christians who kill abortion doctors. The more of them they kill the less abortions performed on stupid, useless women. Praise Jesus, Fox News and ME!