What gives Israel the right to interfere in another state's internal affairs?

The spiritual leader of Shas, Ovadia Yosef called Palestinians snakes and called on God to "annihilate Arabs." No one in the Israeli government complained.

anti-hungary is the same as ANTI-GENTILISM.  SPEAK OUT AGAINT ANTI-GENTILISM!  NOW!

ferenc szaniszlo must have hit a sore note here . people who terrorizeand subjugate millions of native palestinians for ever ,should not critisize others

Jews would take award from that guy and give to some jew, maybe psycho Bibi or even that punk Lieberman. What a sick nation !

LOL

My Gosh, Israel has now taken on the role of censoring another nation's options of whom to award?  Talk about chutzpah??/?  Why doesn't Israel just shut up and mind its own business?

Leave it to the zionazis to silence free speech.

Everybody seems surprised to discover the guts of Israel... I have been watching this closely for over 20 years... I cannot believe it took so much time for the USA to open their eyes &amp; hopefully discover that we are in the position the Germans were in 80 years ago.

Today, Israel telling Hungry what how to run things in their country.  Amazing...Israel should mind its own business.

And when an israeli soldier tortures a Palestinian, he gets promoted. I would call this a hypocritical double standard.

Balog is a liar. The panel advised him against.

Hungary asks Israel to stop building on top of the Palestinians.

The Secret of the Wonder Weapon That Israel Will Show Off to Obama ISRAEL IS JUST LIKE HITLERS GERMANY TO IMPRESS EL DUCHE MOSULINI HITLER SHOWED HIM HIS """" WONDER WEAPONS!!! """" YOU SEE THE SIMILARITYS ISRAEL SHOWING OBAMA THEY """" WONDER WEAPONS!!! """" THE NATZIS SHOWED THEY FRIENDS THEIRS THE ZION NATZIS ARE SHOWING THEY FRIENDS THEIRS SO MUCH SIMILARITY AND MODUS OPERANDUS OF THE NATZIS AND ZION NATZIS ONE THE MASTER RACE THE OTHER THE CHOSEN RACE COMICAL THEY WILL BOTH END THE SAME IN SELF DESTRUCTION SOME PARADOX AINT IT ????!!!

Israel don't have the right to take back the reward from the Hungarian TV journalist. It was not directed to the Jews by any means! Hungary always be kind and has empathy to those who is need help. But when Hungary desperately needed help in 1956 october No ONE came to help the Hungarian people left all alone with the Hitler- Gestapo and the Russian Dictators!The BLOOD in Budapest streets was like a RIVER! More Hungarian people died in 1956 as in the War-War two! So please live it alone the people who is HUMANITARIANS and really care! The Roma's are different issue. They are the WORST people on this Mother Earth and Eastern Europe has a big head-ace because of it! Nobody wants the Gypsies!

Free and demoncratic Israel wants to bar the expereesion of free ideas in another country.Again.

It is NOT anti-Semitism if it is the truth.

Who is fighting against Anti-Gentilism?  And besides, semite referes to ALL middle eastern people, languages and culture. To cultivate hate against Syria is Anti-Semitism. fu

Will Israel withdraw from Golan, Gaza, and west bank if Hungary ask them to do so??Sure Israel we'll withdraw the journalism award as soon as you withdraw from Palestine.

Another demand and ultimatum from the Nut-n'Yahoo regime.   Israel is in no position to tell anyone else what to do when they ignore everything and anything anybody else says . They don't even listen

But no apology from Israel for killing thousands of Palestinian women and children, nor any apology for using US tax dollars to create wars with its neighbors...not to mention the hundreds of US sailors that were killed by Israeli war planes on the USS Liberty..Never an apology received from them.

I don't know about the Roma being monkeys, but the man was right about the Jews.

Just more of the Israeli aka jewish tolerance they love to preach so much.

it´s a Hungarian award...it´s none of Israels business &amp; the whole world is starting to get very tired of Israel sticking their noses into other countries affairs..especially since any criticism of them is instantly denounced as anti- semitic...wise up &amp; mind your own business

Hungary suggested israel F off and mind it's own business.

They fear the truth. You better fear the Lubavitch.

Hungary told Israel to stick with porn and banking and leave the award giving to them.

I never thought I'd say this, but I'm starting to see why through-out history people start hating the Jews!  FFS you annoying self-righteous people, go away and be quiet already, the world is getting tired of your #$%$!The pot calling the kettle black.

Whining, coercion and blackmail, Israel's top activities.

#$%$ you Israel.

Tell Israel to shut the F*** up.

what he says is true....bernie madoff is a jew

An unending stream of racial hatred towards A-rabs comes from Israel daily.

The thing with this one is, Europe doesn't give two s.hi,ts about Isreal or what they think.

Hungary asks Israel to pull out of Gaza, Lebanon, the US Senate, the International Financial Organizations, the media, Hollywood, and from among the ranks of undeserving attention-seekers...

" Several former recipients of the award offered to give it back " ... Oh yeah ?  Well , who are they ?  Specifically ?A general statement like that , without specifying exactly who is involved , is alwaysa lie !  I don't believe there were ANY former recipients who offered to return their awardand neither does ANYBODY else ! In any case ; where does Israel come off telling Hungarywho they should or should not , give their awards to ?

The way Israel treats Palestinians also leaves a lot to be desired. They should take a good hard look in the mirror before they criticize other nations.what about free speech, isreal? thats how we do it in the west.

So, once again the Zionists are pressuring people/governments to toe their political line or face being labeled (oh, no!) "anti-semitic"!

I have to correct the previous statement about Roma vs Gypsies.

the jews are not tryingto tell everyone what to thinkI think those jews need to get a grip and grow up

We have Gypsies here, we just call them bums. An award in Hungary is like getting a degree at a Community College... who cares

How about some Mogen David wine with that whine.  It never ends.

Israel should stop warmongering and killing children and women.

"His ideas do not belong in a free and democratic society like the one in Hungary," Mor said. .........Actually, in a "free and democratic society," they do. Freedom means the right to say anything, no matter how stupid or offensive, without censorship or persecution. Jews, of all people, should understand that!

Hungary should give the Heebs the middle finger because that's what the Heebs do to to others that make comments about what the Heebs are doing inside Israel to the Palestinians.

Israel should be very thankful... America give them help more-than anyone else on this Earth! Just be very thankful Israel...Not too many nations care about Israel except for USA bullying them.

Israel has no business meddling in the affairs of other countries, especially Hungary.

Hungary has been j)e)w aware for a long time. In 1956  armed Hungarian civilians drove the Commie Jew Soviet Army out of Hungary. On top of that the j)e)w)s have devastated the economies in Europe especially Greece and Hungary.On the 10th of October, 2007, at Hotel Hilton in Tel-Aviv, Israeli President Shimon Peres stated the following: "We are buying up Manhattan, Hungary, Romania and Poland."

Now  israel is trying to tell other  countries  who can have  awards there?!!I  Maybe in  the US and Hollywood (oscars  and  assorted  junk) but not elsewhere!

ROTFLMAO!!!!!!  An Israeli lecturing on 'free and democratic society"???  perhaps the Ambassador should ask what part Israel plays in growing global antisemitism???  Israel is a literal market-tool for antisemitism...

So I guess it is OK to say racist remarks and get award? Good, because all the Israelie haters here can go back to their tents and trailer homes and beat your scank wives!

Titus 1:14They must stop listening to Jewish myths and the commands of people who have turned away from the truth.

Haha the n@21s are out in force again. Must be a slow day in their mothers' basements.

screw Israel...they have no right to object considering what they're doing

NO FOOD TO hungary.................................................................................................."Szaniszlo ... implied that Jews and Roma have carried out anti-Hungarian activities"    Wow. Now the zionists feel it is within their purview to tell another country to whom they can and cannot award prizes, simply because they were critical if Israel?? What chutzpah...

Jews have been hated for thousands of years.  Nothing has changed; the hatred lives on disguised as hatred of Israel. Yet somehow the Jews have survived without any true friends anywhere in the world (except for American evangelicals) while many of those who sought to destroy them were themselves destroyed.  Something very mysterious is at work.

Tell us about undeserved awards. Like the Nobel for Hussein. Totally undeserved. Only political. But&lt; believe the Huingarian deserves his award. His is truthful. So the Israelies can go to hell.

How is possible Irael to cntrol and order over and against guvernmental decisions in other  country than Haifa? It is an insult and no respect for the Austro-Hungarian-Habsburgic Empire.

An apartheid state called Israel  commiting war crimes against poor Palestinians have the gut to tell Hungary what to do or don't. Shame on the world for letting the only apartheid system to continue existing.

The easiest way to destroy Israel is to destroy the United States.  The way to destroy the United States is to vote for Republicans!

They are simply requesting the award to be reconsidered! You fools are acting like they are declaring war! We always talk about how bad it is that some Muslims burn our flags and call us infidels, so why is it any different that Israel requests someone of an allied nation to cease making anti-semitic remarks? Oh thats right, the biased media has swayed you to hate Israel without reason.

That nasty entity...that uncivilized and racist colonialist creation has the nerve to complain about racism,any one visiting israel cannot help but witness the racisim of state instituitions and its people....Be prepared to hear from the zionists and their puppets about the horrors of the Natzi era

Jews want to control the world,holocaust is a myth.

while terrorists must be fully defeated the hypocrisy of the Jew is just as disgusting.Israel has a damn nerve trying to censor free speech.

Mor is offended by the truth.

Israel is the problem and has been since the begginning of time.  The are just as racist as any other people if not more.  I'm sick and tired of our politicians pandering to these people.  They should stop all Foreign Aide to the country until they can sit down and finish-up the 2 state country.  We need to grow some balls in this country.

Hungary should stand and ask the Ashkenazim Russians to show that they are the true representative of Jews and Gypsies. Even Romania has not demanded such absurdities from Hungary.

here we go again.someone said theydidnt love all jews

Isreal's Ambassdor, Ilan Mor, has asked if an award could be taken back due to it being offensive to all people's moral standards of civility, (or should be ). It was also seen as dark spot on other's in the same profession, some who have already Publicly stated that they are returning their Prizes becuase they did not want to be associated with "Ferene Szaniszlo" soit would be nice to here he was Fired for his remarks, that is what we do here, so we shouldask that he be fired.@xyz, hey dude you need to read some history book's, there were about 100 mllion + killedduring WW2, the Hungarian spring of 1956 was smashed under the boots of Stalin, and there was fewer than 40 thousand killed but several hundred thousand sentto the Gulag's in Siberiaand the work camps in the Soviet Union and Hungary where they were to rebuild all that wasdestroyed, lot's died in these camps due to inhumane conditions, lack of food medical care heating during winter, where those in the camps and gulag's about 100 thuosand over winter.

Israel should also boycot Cher, who once sang of "gyp-sies, tramps and thieves".

Hungary should be ashamed at awarding an antisemtic biggot.

#$%$ israel . ZYKLON B THEIR #$%$ ALL THE WAY

only from a jew.. he was not pitying us enough..he-bros are funny.. only a jew will head shot a child calling it a child warrior.. but will be the first to pipe up and say how horrible it is someone called them a name...lolAnd folks wonder why Yahoo is a shitzone. Can't help it if Jew bashing turds can't read. Stay KKKlassy, Yahoo.

I think some of you need to grow up and analyze something from a non-biased viewI wonder why people dont realize what goes comes around

I think some of you need to grow up and analyze something from a non-biased view

I do not care for Israel's role as self-appointed international censor and critic.  It is because of Israel that Hungarians will not be permitted into their own stadium on March 22 to watch the Hungarian soccer team play Romania.  Search for Hungary Romania soccer match, March 22, 2013.   Why doesn't Yahoo report this story?

De nem emiatt írok, hanem a felháborító közleménye miatt, amelyet ma megengedett magának. Szaniszló Ferencet támadja, azt az újságírót, aki a magyar külpolitikai újságírásban azon nagyon-nagyon kevés ember közé tartozik, aki hozzá mer nyúlni tabutémákhoz is. Az egy más kérdés, hogy ez önnek vagy másnak tetszik vagy nem, hogy igaznak tartja-e vagy sem. Mindenkinek lehet véleménye mindenről. Szaniszló Ferencnek is. Ha valami jogsértőt, törvénybe ütközőt tett, mondott, akkor menjen és tegyen feljelentést, senki nem gátolja önt ebben. De azzal túllépett egy határt, hogy ide delegált diplomataként a magyar kormányt, ezáltal Magyarországot utasítgatja. Véleménye önnek is lehet, aki akarja, meghallgatja, de hogyan mer ön itt bármely magyar intézményt utasítani? Mi köze van ahhoz, hogy Magyarországon ki és milyen díjat kap?

The Israelis should clean up their own house before telling other countries what to do.Get rid Netty!

That guy is not even anti-Semites.Liars. He is for semites, describing their real enemy: Bibi.

Hungary didn't forget their nazi past - being the closest and loyal ally with Hitler they followed his orders to exterminate jews and gypsys.

Nagykövet Úr!Pár hónapja írtam már önnek egy levelet. Abban arra kértem, segítsen már nekünk, magyaroknak, hogy lássuk, hogyan kell kezelni az Országgyűlésben a kettős állampolgárság problémáját. Lássuk végre, mit tesz ilyen esetben a "demokratizmus bástyája", Izrael! Nekünk ugyanis nem sikerült kezelni a problémát, még beszélni sem lehet róla. Persze, hogy nem válaszolt, tudtam én, hogy nem fog. Hiszen akkor lelepleződött volna, hogy ami ellen nálunk ön is tüntetett, az az önök országában mindennapi gyakorlat. Nemrég több izraeli képviselő veszítette el a mandátumát, csak mert más állampolgárságuk is volt. Ennyit a kettős mércéről.

Imagine if a journalist in America was given an award by the president after he had called African Americans monkeys and all Moslem Americans traitors attempting to overthrow the country? Of course some might support such behavior, but would the president's own party? And wouldn't ambassadors from Africa and Islamic countries protest to the president?Tudom, hogy ön ezt most egy vállrándítással elintézi. Hiszen ön a legerősebb világlobbival rendelkező állam diplomatája, fegyverek, pénz, média, hatalom és minden az ön oldalán áll. Én meg csak egy magyar vagyok. Ráadásul ön szerint még antiszemita is, így egyáltalán nem kell foglalkoznia velem. De jelzem, hogy nagyon téved. Nem vagyok antiszemita. Minden egyes népet, nemzetet tisztelek, és minden egyes nép vagy nemzet büszkeségét tisztelem. A zsidóságét is. Volt szerencsém Moshe Ber Beck rabbival személyesen is találkozni. Nagy hatást gyakorolt rám jámbor vallásossága és bátor igazságkeresése

i thought israel too busy killing out the palestanians with free F15/F16  $$$$$ from usa and international gifts and free diamonds from africa. actually how do they have time while they r pig breeding their populations!!!

Ellenben visszataszítónak tartom bármely nép vagy nemzet világuralmi törekvéseit. A zsidóságét is. És az ön viselkedésében ezt az arroganciát látom. Mivel rajtam kívül egyetlen egy pártelnök sem mondana önnek ilyet, jó, ha én elmondom. Jó, ha hall más véleményt is a sok talpnyalás mellett. Ugyanis amit írok, az nagyon sok magyar ember véleménye egyben. Elegünk van abból, hogy bármilyen ország bennünket kioktasson és utasítson! Különösen nem vagyunk hajlandóak egy olyan országtól elfogadni ezt, amely polgárai alapvető jogait és nemzetközi szervezetek határozatait veszi semmibe, amely a választások előtt most már rendre népirtást rendez, mert ezzel ott szavazókat lehet szerezni!

ISRAEL will still be a proud nation when all the so-called palestinen arabs  are dust ...

They were able to block the Poet's Corner nomination for the greatest literary giant of the 20th century Ezra Pound

Every country must follow what the Chosen People say.

I`m sure there are also conservafascist in America that would like to give Rush the Nobel Peace Prize. LOL

jewish as in the religon or the race, both are different

Shut and go home Jew.

What's an "Israeli"?  Is that like a Klingon or something?  I heard they made up a language also.  People are funny.Well it's probably harmless, at least they don't have nukes or anything.  What's that?  ...uh-oh.Insulting someone with a reference "Jews" is obvious anti-semitism.I wonder why people dont realize what goes comes around

Nice that the fascists among us expose themselves; Hungary should stick to ice cream and water polo!!

To some commentsinsulting someone with a reference "Jews" is obvious anti-semitism.I wonder  what you would do if they said this about you

to Lanplex and othersIt's easy to hit or insult someone else, especially if they are Jews. very obvious anti-semitism.I wonder  what YOU would do if they said these remarks about you! I would also suggest to  "grow up".

All antisemites, Jew- hatters, Jew-baiters, Israel-phobes, Israel- detractors. You'll be in cattle train cars soon, going somewhere east to a nice camp. When you disembark you will form two lines, one right, one left-- now I tell you up front that your numbers will be thined out to the tune of many, many millions.Some of you will be slave labor to remove the accumulated dead. Then there will be those of you that--well lets just say your ashes will float ever so gently down the Vistula river, and out to sea. There is an old adage: What goes around comes around--this time it's your turn in the "camps" not ours!

És azt is szeretném önnek elmondani, hogy nem mindenki fél önöktől az én hazámban sem. Én sem félek. Lehet, hogy egy napon majd engem is kilőnek rakétával, mint egy kutyát, de akkor sem fogok félni a saját hazámban. Ezt jól jegyezze meg! Én soha nem leszek Izrael kutyája, mint itt az összes parlamenti párt. Érti? Soha! Sem megvásárolható, sem megfélemlíthető nem vagyok. És ezzel még sokan így vagyunk. És egyre többen és többen. És abban a pillanatban, hogy kormányra kerülünk, Gyöngyösi Márton lesz a külügyminiszter, Szaniszló Ferenc pedig a Médiahatóság élére kerül. Önt pedig udvariasan hazaküldjük. És minél előbb, annál jobb!Vona Gábora Jobbik elnöke2013. március 18.