Isn't it wonderful?  The Government cannot get its act together and its the people who have money saved in banks that are going to get "screwed."

I used to wonder why my grandmother who was in her late 20's during the Great Depression avoided banks and kept her money stashed around her house.Now I know.

Hey Cyprus, our politicians are big enough crooks, don't give them any ideas

I fail to see the legality of this move, it appears more like theft.

Socialist are their best. Total thieves.

HEYhad enough yet?In this country they simply create oceans of money to steal the buying power and savings of the worker. You can take your money out of the bank to get their attention but they are still stealing it.REJECT D&amp;Ror your money and wages will be worthless.

I want want everyone to remember when Hillary wanted to do the exact same thing with our 401k plans.

It's called illegal search and seizure, and it is unconstitutional in the US. It's called a dangerous precedent, a totalitarian implementation of eminent domain, and it leads the Cypriots and their government (indeed, all of us) to very dangerous places.

So the government is going to steal money from the hard worker that saved his money to pay  for loans to bail out banks.  No one would ever want to save or trust a bank again.

I sure hope Obama doesn't hear about this.Take a good hard look at this America this is where we are headed. The government has overreached and can't pay their bills so they take it from the citizens that have money and give it to the lazy and incompetent.

Hope and Change, coming to a bank near you.....

So they spent all their money and NOW TAKING EVERYONE ELSESI might be wrong but sure sounds like the US is dayumed near this JUNCTION and our elected offiscals/lawyers-cripoes/dollartian$$$ have given carte-blanche to do just that any ol time they want-------------------ty gr8 sheeples who live on the gov't teat

I think if they want the Russian mafia money they should just take it. Maybe they are worried about the reactions of THAT group???? Do Cypriot people have guns????

The US already has a scam so the government can steal a little from us each day.  Dear Leader calls it quantitative easing and it robs all of us with savings, retirement, or just plain case each day.  It does it by devaluing what we have by bloating the money supply.  The slick part?  Not too many people notice.

Theft is theft, even if the thief leaves roses.

coming to a neighborhood near you soon...

This is Obamas ultimate wet dream......

If they get this much money from the levy, why do they need a loan? And, why not just put the levy on large foreign deposits and leave the smaller deposit citizens alone.

Get ready america we are next but its not going too be 10% its going to be all of our money !   the riots in the street over there is going to look like a walk in the park when china shuts down the communist bank of america and the foodstamp train stops!What is happening in Cypress, is exactly what Obama and his left wing Democrats like to do, and that is just take the money out of your savings account.

We'll have another crisis. Then they will take your 401Ks and part of your assets on top of standard taxation. It will all be done under the premise that it is necessary to avoid calamity.

This is the template for the rest of the west to follow. Its coming here too.

Don't think for a minute that here in the U.S. the President won't do the same thing.  There will be a time when people start hiding mney again... YOU can't trust the government anymore with YOUR money.  They have shown us they aren't to be trusted.

YAHOO HEADLINE: "Cyprus seeks to LESSON  pain"?? Christ, do they have to hire 15 year old illiterate idiots to write their headlines, or was that a clever pun on "learning a lesson"?

When BO confiscates your RETIREMENT SAVINGS, he will just tell you "Hey, it could have been WORSE".

I think this is the point where I'm pulling most of my money out of the bank.  It's not like I'm actually earning anything on my savings account.  Better to keep it safe someplace else, and out of reach of banks and politicians that want to feast on our hard earned savings.

So banks make bad investment decisions, and as a result, the ordinary citizens who did not benefit now will have their savings raided and seized?  This is some seriously crazy politics.  Coming to banks in America sooner than you think.

Typical EU-leadership bumbling.

Apparently it isn't considered yours anyway. That's like saying you work/labor, and we'll pay you with the stipulation that the government can seize all of it. Your independent mobility has been removed, and that's a form of slavery to me. What do you think? Currency has been exposed as "make believe" again.Buy a dam safe and remove all of your savings from the banks.This is Obama's flexible plan with the Russians to make a run on the banks and further ruin the U.S. economy...just watch!

Seems like they should at least use a mask and a gun - this is robbery pure &amp; simple.Steal from the folks who have been responsible &amp; give it to the lazy bums who refuse to work.  I thought that was what taxes were for?

This is not much different than the transaction tax some people in the government have been proposing.   The transaction tax would place a 1% tax on every transaction you make whether it be a deposit, withdrawal, a sale or when you buy a product. In fact it probably ends up being cheaper in the long run as many people easily make ten transactions a month.

Sorry guys, too late. You're already some of the dumbest sons of britches in history.

Again some pay for the rest, sounds like liberal socialist to me. Maybe oscumba can finish us off like he wants to soon.

now the bigger picture come to light, bet not a single politician that crafted this law has money left in a bank

If you haven't taken your money out of the Banks you just aren't paying attention.My wife and I made a "run" on our Chase Bank accounts about a year ago.  PREPARE!

This is outright thievery!

Somebody should die for this in Cyprus....or anywhere else it is attempted.

"Lesson" the pain???   The only lesson to be learned here is this is where the US is headed if we don't get our deficit spending problem under control.This is just a test to work the kinks out before the scam is used in #$%$ countries.We live in post democratic times and the banksters don't even try to pretend otherwise. Hence, their puppets (aka the governments) will continue squeezing us more while the banks and the biggest corporations rake in record profits.

Watch now how this is gonna affect banks around the world when people run downtown and drain their own funds and take it home in a paper bag. Maybe that sounds a little far fetched I agree. BUT, I dare say that if it happened in even one more country then the rush to the banks worldwide would certainly be a reality. That would turn the banking industry on it's ear and cause a total economic shutdown. So just keep your eyes open for the second country to fall in line behind Cyprus then grab your a$$cheeks and hold on tight.

Only a politician could dream of doing this. That is another reason we should be pushing for term limits.

Pelosi and Reid  and Jessie Jackson among other democrats have suggested seizing 401Ks here It is on record for you uninformed

This is nothing compared to the confiscation that will take place next year when OBAMATAXCARE kicks in. I hope every liberal is bankrupted by it!

Socialism at its best! OBAMA wishes he could do the same thing!

Forget taxing, just grab the money right out of the bank.  Please don't let Obama know this is possible...

"lesson"?  AP editors out today?

Since it's just a tax on DEPOSITS, the best solution is to stop depositing and watch the country's banking industry disappear.

This is TOTAL b___s___, any government having the power to seize individuals' bank deposits.  What a bunch of #$%$.  The entire World (even our own country) seems to be headed toward Totalitarian government.Don't steal from people with less than e100,000 so we don't lose credibility and trust, I can't even believe they could say this with a straight face

This country is on track for a severe Depression.  Remember during the Stock Market Crash of '29?  People pulled ALL of their money out of the bank at ONCE...and THAT will happen AGAIN here.  Just a matter of when they open the banks back up.

If you think Obama and his 'advisors' aren't contemplating a similar cash grab, you are a fool.  This sort of idea was first floated early in the Clinton presidency (see: Alicia Munnell, who was appointed to be an Assistant Treasury Secretary for Economic Development), but the Republicans won the house in 1994 before the one-time 15% levee on all outstanding IRA and 401k balances could be executed.

Bernake has devalued our dollar. We all know it takes double the money to buy groceries and gas now.What makes you think Obama won't try this next?

To call this a "tax" is sick, wrong and a lie in every way.

I think they misspelled California....

Just remember, the leftists in the US want to model America after Europe.  If our current spending continues, it won't take long to catch up.  TEOTWAWKI isn't far away.

Hang on USA, Obama has us on the path to doing this sort of thing here.

The liberals plan to do the same thing here in America.  They will call it 'redistribution of the wealth'.   The liberals dream of using the Robert Mugabe model of seize from the whites and give to the blacks.

Coming Soon to a bank near you...Anyone who thinks this will not happen in America is living a fantasy.  Confiscation of 401k, IRA and other associated assests is already in plan.  A "tax" on bank deposits is just the next step.  When the government gets desperate enough, it will just take your money.  The parasites will applaud, the clueless will just blink and say "what happened?"  What will YOU do?

This is the problem with socialism, eventually you run out of other people's money and when you do you need to come up with other ways of stealing it from them.Sooner or later we are going to have that problem here with our current covert socialist leaders.WAKE UP AMERICA!!

watch out america the left has been looking at confiscating 401 etc and it will not only be the rich who are screwed.

Ouch....after Cyprus paid $$ billions to bail out the other bankrupt EU countries the EU steals even more $$....this is the end of the horrible social experiment called the EU!!!

Not too long ago, I had asked my investment advisor if it were possible that the Government could seize our 401k's.  I had to ask him twice, and he never answered the question.  Think it can't happen here?  Think again.Start arming yourselves, America.  Just like millions of us have already done.

"Lesson" pain?

ATTENTION AMERICA! do not be surprised if this current administration would do something similar. Therefore, we are stripping our bank accounts and will bleed them dry by the end of the year and the dawning of Obamacare.Some of Obamacare will be based on how much you make and how much cash and savings of any kind that you have. Now, you will be penalized for being successful. The way of the liberal Democrats.

To YAHOO:  Lessen.

This is not a case of raising taxes, but rather, is one of outright theft. Any lawmakers supporting this type of blatant and shameless theft of others savings should be run out of town on a rail. This type of abuse of power should never be tolerated by free thinking people, and real spending solutions should be pursued instead.

Please don't think this can't happen here. As promises of government cheese keep being made faster than borrowing to pay for it can take place, somethings got to give. Here's where the middle class deservedly gets nailed for their economic and political ignorance -- but mostly for their envy of the rich. It's a sin, you know. (see 10th commandment)the future is now

Now you know why the liberals want to disarm this country, because this is what is next.

This is theft, plain and simple, and its just like the #$%$ did to the Jewish in WWII. I am sure the Obama administration is watching this very closely to see just how much they themselves could get away with here if this is successful in Cyprus. I personally think its just a matter of time, and they will attempt the same here under the guise of the move is for "the greater good of the people". But, make no mistake, this is stealing ladies and gentlemen, theft. This is why the framers of the Constitution gave us the 2nd Amendment for, in the event of a tyrannical government that would steal and loot from its citizenry "legally".

So this gave Obama and the Democrats a new idea?

The only reason that is very unlikely here is the boys in DC know how many guns private individuals have.

they are stealing your money in the bank here its called inflation

How did banks and governments get so enmeshed? A bank going down should not threaten a government, or for that matter other banks. And there should be no "too big to fail". Maybe having the government act as guarantor for banks - which is to say governments providing insurance for banks' risk taking - is simply not a good a idea.What government CAN do is set standards for responsible risk management and maintenance of adequate reserves. These don't even need to be mandatory. They could simply be available as a standard rating, or even a range of ratings (A, B and C), that banks could honor in exchange for being certified for being in compliance. So when we put our money into a bank or buy a CD, we could know what level of risk or guarantee we are taking on. Than, the public would make informed decisions, and enjoy the consequences thereof without the government either rescuing or victimizing them.

This is what happens when a country that has overspent for a long time gets desperate. This theft "tax" generates less than half what is needed; so what is next? This could stop the Russian investment in Cypress and their money heads to the Caymans.

With a gun you can rob a bank, with a bank you can rob the world.

Obama will put this plan in his playbook next.Is there anyone who doesn't believe that this would fit nicely with Obama's goal of wealth redistribution?  I'm sure that Obama, along his supporters, are watching closely as this would be a perfect way to confiscate the wealth of evil rich people and to redistribute it to government programs that make the masses reliant on government largesse.I believe it's now time to buy physical gold, silver, etc. and to bury it in your back yard.   And, as for further advice, don't give up your guns, because you'll need them to defend your stash when the government comes with their shovels ready to dig it up.

This is BAD medicine!

NO worries, when they take the first money out of anyones account, they will never ever see another deposit. Go ahead and take your shot. It will be your last.

This is such a horror scenario -- your own government seizes your hard-earned assets, and that's legal.  This is cause for a revolution.

'Banks have been shut until Thursday to prevent a bank run. Demetriades said he expects at least 10 percent of deposits to be withdrawn when the banks re-open.'I'm going to bet it will be a lot worse than 10%. In fact the banking sytem in Cyprus will probably never recover. The only ones that will keep any amount of money in the bank in Cyprus are the locals. Any large investors will move their money elsewhere.No one with any significant amount of money in a Cyprus bank expected the government would actually confiscate it or they wouldn't have put it there in the first place. Now that they have, as soon as they are able to get what's left out they will.

just wait intill the rich pull out . where they going to get that $ ?

bo can't wait to do that here.

I can't believe these people wasted time rioting.  I would have run the banks, better my money in my matress than in the hands of the government.

What a great way to discourage investment - GO CYPRUS!!

Agreed, bankers are the biggest fraudsThis is Obama's redistribution of wealth plan, only it is in Cypress.

The Elite/illuminati/New World Order/ Bilderberg group planned long ago to crash the money system right around the world in order to bring in their trap of a One World Currency. And it is a trap. You will be fitted with a microchip under your skin and that is the method you buy and sell everything. All other ways are made illegal and jail time if you try. The microchip is a far advanced deadly weapon against whoever is wearing that microchip under their skin. It is a weapon of total mind control. And a tracking system so from gradle to grave they know every road you went down and how many minutes in every building and shop you ever spent. Annoy the Elite in any way and they turn off the microchip and you are now unable to buy food/ water. shelter anywhere on the planet. See you8tube Katherine Albrecht. The problem with this is, it is the Elite in charge of it all who are evil, corrupt, dangerous and rotten to the the core.

Listen, they did this sort of thing to us not that long ago, when they F'd us on our 401k.  Where did all that money go?  Just disappeared?  Someone got it.

"alleviate the pain" it's called Vaseline. Government rapist!

":Lesson pain"?  Another idiot with a degree who can't master the native tongue!  Reporters are a bunch of boobs if they are part of the MSM!

You will please note, these are the same genepool of people who are supposed to protect us and our goods. They are not so much concerned with the act of stealing as they are with the DEGREE to which the definition of REALLLLY stealing applies to them. It depends on what the meaning of IS...IS. This could get very nasty very quickly. They are ALL liars and the crime is about lieing.

socialism only works as long as it can steal the citizen's money. when that is gone it collapses. The United States under the obama-nation in a couple of years will be in the same morass of greed.

Time to hide your money America.

This is liberalism at its best.

Can't you see slaves ... its easy.  They raid your money and everyone else's, they drive you to ruins, to poverty level, you get desperate and voila my lemming friends ... you come to accept the Luciferian New World Order.  Daddy Satan is happy and you misery is only starting.  Take ... your ... money ... out ... of ... banks ... NOW.  BofA, Chase, Citi ... take, it, out, now.state sponsored piracy. That is why i buy 1, 2.5, 5, and 10 gram gold bars and 1/4 and 1/2 ounce silver bars. They are untraceable, and easy to hide.

Thus proving that .... a government big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take everything you have.

AP, welcome to the ingenuous world the Rothchild bankers' IMF nightmare! Not only are they dictating the terms of how the governments should raise the VAT, up to 27%, but also how to cut pensions and paychecks to further burden the countries that were idiots enough to rely on these vermin for loans!  Greece got hit and now its state of Cyprus is getting a double whammy hit by these bankers and of course the poor and defenseless will pay the brunt of the costs! The rich and affluent have long moved their monies to Germany and Luxemburg and other tax havens like Grand Cayman and Switzerland! And to think that Owebysmal-nation thinks this is the way he wants to 'radically change' America to, LMAO!

If anyone needs help in withdrawing his/her money on deposit in Cyprus, contact me with the information of your bank in Cyprus and the bank where you'd like the funds deposited.I will be at the Palm Beach Hotel in Famagusta, Friday. Code name "Peaches". My fee is 3% of the funds transferred plus shared travel and hotel expenses.

Hope the Bank is full of American foreign investors money !

Coming to America soon?

I must admit, I am ignorant to the banking laws of the U.S. and I wonder if my accounts are protected in the event the the U.S. ever finds itself in a similar situation.

Fellow Americans- Buy gold &amp; silver NOW, and take personal possesion of it. Guns and ammunition are probably a very sound investment also.

Privatize gains, socialize losses...this adds up to big issues with the average citizens.

The only difference between their system and ours is that our thieves disguise it as a tax."Cyprus seeks to alleviate pain from deposit raid"Dr. Killand Cantcure: Take three aspirin and don't call me in the morning.

I'm sure the people there feel SO much better after hearing this...what a joke. Those people should literally rip all those crooks right out of their offices.

Any confidence there ever was in any banking system has been eliminated by even broaching the subject. Worldwide. Live with it, you ninnies. You've really handicapped the golden goose, shot your own foot off, you name it. You blew it.

There's a new bank in Cyprus,it's called UTM.Under The Mattress.

More blatant  robbery than printing more money therefore devaluing the currency's purchasing power Germany did this before the great depression!

all taxation is theft but takes the inevitable bank deposit theft to wake people up? there is no moderate leftism, its all socialism.  liberal, socialist, communist.. all the same, they all want the state to control your life.

we are two steps behind cyprus stand by and watch

"Once trust is restored, deposits will return?"  Did I hear that right?  Just when I thought I'd heard it all after learning of the deposit clipping to pay for the mega bucks that obviously got siphoned off, they make this statement!Uneasily, I can't help but wonder if we could be next.

Good way to reduce consumer savings to zero!  side benefit:  Banks go out of business, and loan sharking is the new mortgage company!

This whole plan is nothing but theft. Governments love to take money through taxes, waste that money then have the nerve to say that people either should pay more taxes or we will just take it away from you. Governments need to get their houses in order like families have to do and keep their grubby, greedy paws off our money.Its times like this that I am glad that I dont have any money..

Better keep your powder dry folks......

Crooks.

This is unbelievably wrong!! They are stealing peoples money, and this is NOT ok.  It may have been a little different if they had said, folks we are sorry, but we need to borrow some of your money, BUT we will be paying you back!  This is legalized STEALING!  Kind of like what  Obumshitz is doing taxing us a to death so the 47% lazy #$%$ sucking leaches can get free cell phones and food stamps and then illegally sell them so they can keep up their drug habits. Reality bites sometimes...

if you have a BANK account In IRELAND  they do the same but they call it TAX  at 30% when you put away your hard earn saving  in a BANK they take it off you

Ditto fellow Nam Vet

"and a possible from the euro,"  Please check your editing. Hire me, if you want. There are too many editorial errors on Yahoo these days.

Mattress sales have gone up 300% in the last year ... Just Saying !!!Wake Up America ... It's time to put some adults back in the White House.

Hey, some of you people are tripping too much.  Think about it:  why do RUSSIANS have money in a CYPRUS bank account?   Figure it out.   Cyprus probably deserves more than 10% for "holding" that kind of money!

I dont think the Russians are going to take to kindly to this. Cyprus, have you thought this through?Remember that debt always needs to be re-paid.

Divide up the $85 billion/month QE amongst your bankers and what you get is the same as grabbing X out of your bank accounts.  People do not get that though.You still have the same amount of money, but they have an extra few billion each.  Some people refer to this as CAPITALISM, to this I say Bullchit, and these suckers deserve to go down no different then the rest of the international banking cartel.

Coming soon to a country near you.

It's still nuts what they're doing over there, even with these recent changes.

This was done during the GREAT DEPRESSION- Check your facts!!!!!!!History shows actual removal of funds and valuables, not just a levy~

The Government and the People both are living off of social benefits that just can't be sustained.  And since the government can only manage what it has, when the price of those benefits becomes more then it brings in the only choices are to cut off the benefits, chop them way back or raise more taxes to pay for them. No one wants to cut off the benefits, and no one wants to chop them way back and no one wants to pay more taxes to keep them going.  It's ridiculous that everyone thinks what the Cyprus government is doing is stealing.  Since no one wants to give, the government needs more money to keep them going.  Either cut the spending and give up what you can't afford or shut up and pay the tax increase.  It's called the entitlement prinicple.

this looks like an act for war......russia  should say that if you take our people's money.....we we invade you and take your country...because you are not fit to rule and it is a criminal act to take someone's money for your own mismanagment policy's....you will suffer the consequences....good luck and sleep well if you can......e.o.s.

"Oh let me come to Cyprus, / island of Aphrodite, / homes of the loves that cast / their spells on the hearts of men!" - Euripedes, "The Bacchae" - Chorus.

This is a great idea.  The govt here should take all of the money Americans here have in savings, checking, whatever, and then give it to the rich and to people who are allergic to work.

Everyone is neglecting to notice that after the EU "saves" the Cypriot banks, the exchange rate on the euro will probably rise by 11%, which offsets the levy (to people exchanging into King Dollar).Would you rather have euros in a bank worth 9/10ths of what they have been on-average? After this all goes through, those who can afford to sit get their money back anyway.  The levy is just taking the "fear" premium (penalty may be more like it) out of the market, restoring the euro's worth back to what it had been just before this banking crisis hit the news.The losers are those taking their euros out now and buying goods with them when they are at a nadir of their value.For those afraid of this happening in the US, go figure that if the government were to do this to pay-down the National Debt, the buying power of your dollars would grow--making your imported electronics, food, gas, clothing (hey, it's not like we produce any of this in the US anymore, except the gas) purchases cost 10%, 20% LESS!  In the end, you would not have lost wealth / buying power (but trolls would enjoy fanning the flames, anyway.)Seizure is SeizureThis Cyprus Confiscation Conspiracy is a game changerin the way banks are seeking recapitalization from the common citizen.

In case anyone wants to know...We already have this confiscation (tax) in effect in the USA. It's called inflation of the money supply. Not counted in the CORE INFLATION RATE #1 FOOD # 2 HOUSING or RENT.# GAS etc. Yet every single item of NEED is going up in price! The game here is to push interest rates cheaper by printing more FIAT green paper. More money chasing less goods= HIGHER PRICES.In 1974 oz. GOLD $34.50 2013 $1650.00...What is changed? 1974 GAS .46 cents per gallon. Today near $4.00. What has changed? 1974 AVE. RENT on a 1 bedroom apt in the Midwest $135.00, Today $750.00. FOOD 1974 20 oz loaf of bread .33 cents. Today $3.69. Same products? Right? The gov't wants us to think the rate is under 3%. HA HA! Try 10-14%!  Good Luck everyone...it's about to get rough!

Wont be long before Obama does that here in America !!!!!!!!!!!!

So, let's get this straight.  If you have 20,000, you lose nothing.  If you have 20,001, you lose 6.75% or about 1350 and end up with 18,651.  If you have 100,000, you lose 6.75% or 6,750 and end up with 93,250.  And if you have 100,001, you lose 9.9% or 9900 and end up with 90,101.Really makes sense.

Enacting a tax on economic activity, be it a consumption tax, excise tax, income tax or other, is one form of taking by government.  Simply confiscating existing assets is another.  In this respect, the actions contemplated by the government of Cyprus are different than Mugabe's takings in Zimbabwe or Chavez' in Venezuela, for that matter.  If you want to send a message to investors that says "stay away; you can't trust us", this is one of the fastest ways to get that across.

"Lesson the pain". Me no speaka English. Why you make me right this articel? Outsource India, they right beter.

Since they are charging for deposits and not withdrawals. Looks like it’s time to make your final withdrawals.

"Lesson"....really?  Who proofs your headlines, Dianne Feinstein?

That's "lessen", not "lesson".  A "lesson" is something taught in a school.

Remember, friends, only the second amendment is stopping the IMF from robbing Americans like this. (Also remember: the IMF is an American institution based in washington. This plan for theft came directly from our government.)Death To Bankers!

Тоо muсh аdо аbоut а mеrе 9.9 реrсеnt. Mу соmpаtriоts lоst thеir lifе sаvings in 1992-1994 whеn inflаtiоn lеvеls brеасhеd 1,000 реrсеnt уеаrly.

She will do what your wife won't at"""____bubida____""""search it out.