"10% result in arrests?" Boy, they'd be busy! Arresting 5.7 people per hour, 24 hours a day.

maybe bloominturd should be stopped and frisked, he might enjoy a little hands on treatment by his gestapo.

When you give up your freedoms for the sake of safety. You have neither.

"Furtive movements" seem to be cause to ignore the Fourth and Fifth Amendments. Handcuffed when an officer believes safety is an issue. Detained in a squad car with-out probable cause.  The convenience of using the power of the State now out weighs the protections thousands have fought and died for.

Face it folks , we live in a police state and the word " freedom " in merely a word with no real meaning except to those that have plenty of money to purchase it .

I was stopped and frisked once in NYC. After she was done, I asked her to double check one more time.

Where is Emperor Bloomberg on this issue?

It is easy to say hateful things. Remember 911 yes a lot of people died. But it brought the country together. What happen to thatI fought in Iraq for the police of my country and the understanding that all men are created equally. I am a hero when I would a flag on my shoulder any other time I'm a criminal. so is it justifiable that the police have the ability to kill me because of my color. I couldn't kill Iraqis because of color. we often treat our enemy with more respect than we treat our own people. land of the free home of the races.

All this talk about race is off the mark.The problem with the tactic is that it is being run by QUOTAS!Police officers are stopping ppl,. not based on the standard of "reasonable suspicion,", but on goal to reach certain quota numbers.The fact that by the NYPD own stats, 90% of the stops result in NO arrests, NO summons, and less than 1% of the stops recover a gun, shows that these stops are not an effective use of police resources as they are being conducted.Also the number of shootings has remained constant, while the number of stops have skyrocketed. year 2002, 90K stops, approx 1350 shootings, year 2011, 658K stops, approx 1320 shootingsThe only arrest that has gone up is misdemeanor marijuana possession. And MANY of those cases are thrown out, or dismissed because it is illegal to stop someone, tell them empty your pockets, and then charge them for marijuana possession in plain sight. It was so bad, that Police Commissioner Kelly had to write a directive telling his officers to stop doing it, because it is breaking the law.Get rid of the quota system, and you will see the practice used less, and produce more.

Floyd is studying medicine in Cuba? Sounds like somebody is being watched by more than the NYPD. Wonder if that is because he is black, lol!how is this law legal? i am all for getting the bad guys, but not if it goes against the constitution.

He just hit the shakedown lottery.

Seems like a violation of your Fourth Amendment rights. Thats ok just put it in with the Second and First Amendment rights takeaway all you anti gun nuts.

Stopping someone and frisking them if they are not under suspicion for having commited a crime is unconstitutional. If they are suspected, such as seen jimmying a door, then they are under suspicion.

More of your rights taken away. Its a matter of control over the people. Ny it figures.

Helped a Neighbor locked out of his home? Probably looked liked two people were trying to break into someones house. Police were correct,don't take a chance ,get to the truth as fast as possible. If it had been two criminals trying to break into his house would he be so Racist about it?

The clue why David Floyd was stopped was he was helping gain entry into a  neighbors home locked out of his house,in the other incident Devin Almonor probably met the discription of someone that commited a crime in the area.This  most likely  prompted the stop and search by the officers in these incidents.There is definitely two sides to this story and the title is misleading. The police put themselves at risk everytime they make a stop attempting to make neighborhoods safer.AP, how about  writing a more balanced article for a change,I for one am tired of this police bashing,they have a tough job they deserve our respect.

Im sure that the very honest media have made sure this story checked out otherwise they wouldn't have printed it Right ?In a perfect world they would, but they aren't there yet.

In the meantime the NYPD authored a cookbook on how to prepare your female victims.

Race has nothing to do with this. The same happens all over the country to young men period. My middle son had 4 big cops jump on him and take him to the ground while he was on the phone talking to me. He only weighs about 100 lbs cops asked for his ID and all he asked was "why...I haven't done anything". They tackled him tearing his clothes, handcuffed him and charged him with resisting arrest. He had done nothing. Charges were dropped, his bruises and torn clothes are what he got for asking why.That bulge is from the stripper that was rubbing up on me officer

Again, the media plays the race card to keep things stirred up!

Boys on the hood

Stop and frisk sound like rape to me.

And this is news? Need to just cut off NYC and let it rot.

The problem is attitude.

We could probably solve a lot of crimes by having unannounced random police inspections of homes for illegal drugs and weapons. After reading some of the comments I'll bet a lot of you people would support that because you think if you aren't doing anything wrong you don't have anything to fear.

crime is highest in the inner citys were blacks live. and thats a fact. cry on some else shoulder and blame yourselves for the problems in the inner citys. look at chicago and oakland same trash pit different rats.

"Helping a neighbpr locked out of his home" is the key phrase. The officer probably thought that he was witnessing a B&amp;E in progress and until the investigation is complete the officer is trained to handcuff the "Potential" suspect for his and the person handcuff's safety.

T.S." Only about 10 percent of all stops result in arrest" - ONLY!?!?! One out of every ten people is a criminal? Or, maybe the police really are targeting the most likely persons.

I am WHITE! I want to file a Discrimination Lawsuit. Why am I NOT afforded Affirmitive Action to apply for jobs or go to college? Why am I NOT afforded special Civil Rights as defined by the US Supreme Courts? I,ve worked hard all my life &amp; paid my own way but if I ever get down where in the SAMHELL are my Special Rights &amp; Privledges? A Man once said:This give give give has got to STOP-Ronald W. Reagans Acceptance speech!

Don't just get mad at NYPD....TSA does this EVERYDAY....24/7.

"Medical student David Floyd was frisked by officers outside of his apartment as he helped a neighbor locked out of his home."If I saw two guys of any color trying to break into a home I'd be suspicious too. Out of 600,000 stops annually the media and the lawyers could only find 2 "abuses"? Believe me, if the cops were running wild the lawyers would be documenting thousands of these incidents.

The percentages of crimes committed by minorities are in excess of 85% in New York City.  Go ahead and google it......So who do you stop and frisk??? - the white tourist or the minority dude with a gun in his pants waist......the minorities are mad, rightly so, but their brothers are the ones carrying and using the guns - local community action is a start. You've got to begin within the minority communities to change the mind set. As usual it always gets to this point when the "good" reverend starts marching and screaming everyone is a racist......

And all this time I thought you couldn't do illegal search and seizurers. I thought you had to have probable cause and/or a warrant. But, now I know, in NY if you look funny, walk funny, live in the wrong neighborhood, or keep strange hours,youI can be frisked, seached, and detained on the whim of a cop. Me thinks it is still ILLEGAL!

It's easy to "humiliate" a black person. Just tell them to do something . . . like follow the rules. Then it's all about "feel me" and "get all up in there."

When Al Sharpton is involved, you know Green is the only color he is after.

It's more than just race, the NYC are anti-2nd Amendment (and anti-pocket knife) and hope to nail folks on trumped up, unconstitutional weapons charges.  More of Bloomberg's paranoid Orwellian nightmare.  And NYC keeps voting him into office when they need to commit him to a mental institution.

If they don't like pro-active police work then don't gripe about the crime in minority neighborhoods.All this angst over 13% of the population.unbelievable

This is not just done to the minority. I do not live in New York, I am a fourtyish mother of three and grandma and have been checked out by police twice this year. Once in a grocery parking lot in my car on my laptop checking my accounts. They blocked me in. I was so upset, I did not even go shopping. Another time picking up my nineteen year old son who just had a argument with his older brother and got kicked out of the car on the freeway. My husband and myself were checked out, even though all license had our last name and we explained the teen petty argument. Obviously, we were not adult napping our own child from the get go.This incident took thirty minutes at least, while they ran our licenses, their computers were mysteriously down. It took two undercovers with lights blaring..There are homeless who walk this highway everyday with their carts, never see them stopped.  We are middle class people. My older son got reemed later for not dropping him at a gas station, trust me. New Yorkers, get over it! It is not just the minorities being checked out. I do not believe it! I live in the South, so I know now...

He is lucky he wasn't holding a big gulp - they'd have shot him.

Just wondering how  the Press would have reported this story if the Mayor was a member of the GOP ?

The crime rate among the Hispanics &amp; Blacks is over the top out of control. Almonor should understand this. The rest of society should not have to put up with the high crime rates of Hispanics &amp; Blacks, they must be gotten under control.

IF 80% of homicides in this country were not committed by young black males, I guess there would not be a need to stop and search for no reason. Maybe try and change those statistics and then your problem will be solved. In the meantime, spread em.....

Sounds like Obama Drama 12 .These guys never travel abroad . Carry a Bible in Islam Countries ,or eat in public with your left hand . When whites get beat up by Muslims in Michigan ,not a Damn thing is Said .

Who's committing most of the crimes................

In the last 5 minutes another story about guns and gun control. I've been hopping around yahoo's stories and so far we're on number six on guns. This is fun! Follow the bouncing gun.

I think we should stop and frisk all elderly albino Nowegians. They're the ones who are comitting all of the crimes not blacks and Hispanics. Let's throw in the Buddhist Danes and the Taoist Swedes. Those are the minorities to watch.At airports leave Arabs carrying luggage alone. Stop all Canadian grandmothers and make then take their support stockings off. Lets use ratial profiling the way it was meant to be used. Against all of the people who never commit crimes.Here's a stat for you folks to digest: That while blacks represent 13.1% of the USA population, blacks are arrested for 48.7% of the murders and non negligent; manslaughter; 31.8% of the rapes and 55% of the robberies. Source: FBI dot gov, Table 43A.

How much money does it take to get the warm and fuzzy feeling again? That's really the question ain't it? Money seems to do that to people. Everything can be terrible but give them some money, poof, you don't hear from them again until they're in the paper again busted for beating his wife or with a pocket full of ''rocks''.

Iam white, 60 years old and never have been charged with a crime. I have been throwed up aginst walls and frisk and even taken down to the station for questioning with out being arrested. Now I have talked to several black people that have never had this done. Are they going to moan and whine until no one will even be aloud to look at them??????? This is #$%$ and you all know it is. Their skin color isn't a reason but it sure is a good place to start if the cops are looking for a suspect because statistics don't lie and most people of color are more likely to commit a crime. Don't blame whitey and the cops ,blame your sisters and brothers!

Where else but bloombergville???  LOL  Time to re-elect him for all good he does!

And how many illegal gun owners have been removed from the landscape because they were caught with them?  How many drug dealers were jailed because of the stop?  They don't tell you that because the story may not look so bad.

The good always suffer with  the bad. My heart goes out but the fact andd the truth is that crime is way down in the Big Apple, Lowest its been in 50 years now. Its not because because people like Mayor Bloomberg, and its not because the NRA is trying to arm everyone in the states. Its because the cops have the right to "Stop and Frisk" Who the hell cares what it violates, no 6 month old babies are being shot while having their diapers changed are they? To the 2nd rights people, no one is taking any gins away from legal authorized people, but the gang bangers all know, that they may be targeted, and will get a harsh penalty if caught with a weapon. Is this wrong or make you feel like a chump being stopped? I'd rather have the cops stop me and send me on my way than a group of fools with  guns stop me who we know will not send me on my way.

Gee... a handful of innocent people underwent the "stop &amp; frisk" procedure, so let's eliminate it. What about all the law-breakers who were caught because of it?

Cops are but another street-gang with badges to hide behind.  Power corrupts and they have way too much of it.

"5 million stops in a decade". That figures out to 57.07 stops per hour, 24 hours a day, 365 a year for 10 years...I call B/S!

They ARE being stereotyped, why, because of the RAMPAGE in most, if not all, cities. Don't blame anyone other than yourselves, instead of, MAKING EVERYTHING/EVERYBODY the cause look inside yourself,Who gives a schitt. I don't live in PoS NYC.

If 10% of the stops result in arrest that sums it up. There is a crime problem among Black &amp; Hispanics. This is about the only thing Bloomberg has come up with that may help innocent citizens from having a "humiliating and frightening" experience at the hands of Black &amp; Hispanic petty criminals.

Well it seems then the Police and Bloomberg are racists

Here's an idea. Cordon off the area and let them have it.  Put these two on patrol in the area they were stopped in.  It might give them some perspective.

If this dude'd friend, who he was helping enter his locked house, was actually being burglarized he might be singing the praises of this officer instead of condemning him.

Brucy asked the nice officer to do the crotch pat down again.... pleeeeeseeeeee.

The police officer was only doing his duty!He's not a mind reader, if it looked to him that they were trying to break in, then the only thing that was left to him/them was to frisk him while his partner stood by, making sure that he wouldn't be a target of his friend!As for Al Sharpton, get back to D.C.,to the position that you were elected for , and stop this CIVIL RIGHTS, M.L.K.MARCHING and  acting of yours as another of their ''SLAVERY SAVIORS''!

Your dectator mayor its looking for your guns

Because he was black ? IS HE SURE IT WASN'T BECAUSE IT MAY HAVE LOOKED LIKE HE WAS TRYING TO BREAK INTO A HOME ? /Vigros suck !

federral judges need to step in this is an assault against our freedom our constitution and in allappaerence a step into testing an in implication of marshall law,entire country should outraged! and had better step up to the plate or kiss the future of the united states good bye we are allready technicaly a prisoned nation and fastly becomeing a closed society.Yet another reason I will never step foot in New York.

so why doesn't Chicago have a 'stop and frisk' law?  Oh,that's right, they're afraid of their voting base and don't want to 'dis them.......and look at their murder stats

they don't want injustice to happen to others...........how much money personally will they pocket with this lawsuit that is meant to help others..........

Only a black would make national news. He is making something out of nothing. They do it to everyone. Lawsuit hahaha.Cry baby

of course it is racist, that is why it works

Though it may be true that most crimes are committed in places that are heavily black and Latino. However has anyone asked the question of how they all got concentrated in specific places? They call the projects the "Projects" because it was a project. An experiment that has been tried over and over again. Housing discrimination in the 50's and 60's combined with manufacturers leaving the large cities have all contributed to this. This same story plays out historically all over the world for as long as humans have existed. The Israelites were not always slaves in Egypt....there population swelled and the Egyptians got nervous. Like with any issue i believe its important to understand how it came to be and from their try to find a solution. Rather than just write off a whole segment of society as being just one way.

There are a lot of police officers in this country who think they have absolute power, they think that you should do what ever they say even if it is against your rights.

This has Bloomberg written all over it. He is a control freak!

this country is becoming a polices state. two sets of law one for the public one for the police.

I had that happen to me as a 20 year old.  AND they pulled their guns on me.  Who do I complain to?  Oh yea, I'm white so I have to get over it.  I suggest you do the same."Son of a former police office" - "medical student" - Is that supposed to mean they are as innocent as newborn children? Being at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong people. Sorry, you just act like a criminal.

ny the state that only gives you the rights they think you should have.

i get pulled over and stopped all the time. i'm white. i'm female. i'm heavily tattooed. i've never been in trouble in my life. and yet i still get treated this way. it doesn't just happen to minorities...it happens to everyone.

How did this policy get passed, It is clearly a violation of the Constitution,,Political Correctness at it's best...PC should be outlawed...

Do these two think they are the only ones who were ever questioned and frisked under suspicious circumstances???  I locked my keys in my car and was done so by police seeing me trying to break into the car with a cloths hanger. They were just doing their job.  Oh, and I'm white.

The story states that 10% of all stops result in arrests. Are they counting the arrests that are overturned? I do not see the stats for flase arrests or overturned arrests. The City is giving lots of numbers that support their position so why not the bad arrests also?

Yeah because teenage son's of police officers and Medical students can never be criminals, especially in NYC!

These bias articles just are just antagonizing the race argument, dividing the people. Why haven't we had a article/conversation about the whites and blacks fighting next to each other to free the slaves in the civil war? What a great historical event and it makes me a proud to be a American.

For every one that complains, thousands have no complaints at all.  Get over it people.

They should change the law to shop and shoot the perp.If you have nothing to hide then there is no problem, except wasting time with frivolous and costly lawsuits!  What was the policy under Mayor Dikins and the correlating crime rate?  The city is much safer for all races with this policy!

Chicago could use the program fr the war zone they have there. Seems if most of the crime is caused by black and hispanic then most of the stops will be black and hispanic. Go figure.

Lousy story, stupid kid.

What was said? How were they dressed? 1 gun is enough to justify searches! The police are not out there to put up with your smart, vulgar mouth, they are there for protection. I would be willing to bet there was a justifiable reason for the largest percentage of stops or searches.

Profiling is done every time you buy any kind of insurance, so why is it not applicable to policing?

Yeah and when crime goes back up the media will complain about that too!  So tell us Mrs Long... what are the police to do?  They are driving down the street &amp; see two men jimmying the lock on a door.... do the police stop and check it out OR just keep on driving!?  If the police stop, then they are going to handcuff you for their safety!  That is just the way it is!!Everyone wants a low crime rate but too many won't do what inecessaryry to achieve that rate!  Criminals are let out of prison to re-affend...&amp; NOTHING is being done about the gang problem.  Its hard to have an honest debate with writers like this.... Where is law enforcements take on this issue, eh Colleen?

Logic says if you do the most crime, you will be regarded with suspicion by ALL of society. Doesn't matter what law enforcement does. You will still have to deal with the rest of society distrusting you. Hint: jobs, etc.If statistics prove that you represent only 3% of the population (males of a particular race), yet, commit 50% of the crimes, then logic says if you stop committing 50% of the crimes, and commit, say, 7%, you will become less suspicious to ALL.The nonsensical argument that "others" commit as much crime, but aren't caught, because they aren't "profiled" is mathematically improbable. The odds cannot be disputed. At some point the nonsense must be replaced with logical reasoning. 3% committing 50%? No, no, no! The argument is credulous at best, and fails every time it's presented. The solution is simple: Stop committing the crimes, and you will set yourself free. There is no other way. There never will be. The majority can do simple math. They live here. They see. You can't force them into blindness.If I were a citizen of one of these communities, I would be focused on reducing crime, as that would be in my best interests, and the interests of my descendants. That means encouraging law enforcement to do whatever it takes to reduce the crime rates associated with my race. We all want to be treated as individuals, and WE SHOULD BE. But, you cannot ignore facts and the impact those facts have on society. You must correct the problems.

Sorry be the real world statics show that blacks and latinos commit most of the crime.  In this case we have two adults breaking into an apartment.  Yes the apartment was owned by one of the two people but on the face of things you just have two people breaking in and the police responded accordingly.  It is much better for the police to act with caution in situations like this.

"I am not a criminal. I did not commit any criminal acts,"That what the gang bangers say too!!!!!

I, a middle-aged white dude, have had several bogus traffic convictions over the years.What do I protest about?All you are going to do is start open season on cops.you can only whip a dog for so long before it bites you.Especially with all those succesful gun laws you have .

One of the young men was 13 at the time, this is WRONG people.  Soon they will be searching us all, lets wake up America and take our country back.

4th Amendment - "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized

OK Spike Lee.

Better for you to feel scared for a few minutes, than for some innocent citizen to be harmed.Face it, that's the price we pay for living in a crime/terrorist infested society

10% of all stops result in arrest. Sounds like this is working quite well. 1 person in every 10 is arrested seems like a rather high percentage even in the ghetto.

They are still racist , the blacks never learn

"Racial Profiling" a black on the street after dark with a hoodey, pants below his butt crack is either selling drugs or a wh o re.

He is lucky that Doomberg's Storm Troopers didn't find a cigarette or a sugar drink on him.The cops must have been black since I see no Race Cards thrown out.  Black on Black???

They may not wear Nazi brown shirts, but the effect is the same.... putting a goon squad on the street to shake down citizens and scare them.  Hey the feds are already busy scaring us.This has reached the point of being ridiculous.  Once blacks stop committing the majority of violent crimes they will no longer be singled out by the police.

This guy even LOOKS like a mouthy jack.a.s. I can see why the cops might lose patience.

Welcome to the police state.  To the people applauding this, no worries... your number will come up and scream like a banshee when it happens.

Current TV had a segment on this and this Homie  that was being interview said it was so bad he had to leave his gun at home because the police were shaking down all the brothers. Gotta luv the homies. lol

The reason the police are not finding many guns and dope is because it's working.

It's too bad that Black Americans are all painted with the African American brush. If they want it to change then they have to police their own. When the say no more to those who pollute their neighborhood with drugs, violence, out of wedlock birth, etc. then perhaps things will get better. When they stop condoning every political shuckster that comes along, when they reject living on someone else's dime and participate as Americans who happen to be black and embrace the opportunity in this country, instead of fixating on the past, then real progress is possible.

Consider stop-and-frisk as a necessary evil, and you'll feel and sleep better.

If anything Rev Al Sharpton should hold a rally against the Mafia, the Gang Bangers and the porno lovers who down load children porn every day. Telling the mom of a six month girl that thee cops can't stop a gang banger because of laws is wrong. When that same Gang banger will abuse every law in the book to enforce his trade of terror. Dear Al, going after easy targets like the cops is nice for TV, now try going after the men who bring the dope and guns inyto the same community you march around in.

I'll bet the tune will change for some of our fellow commentators when their local LEO walks into their house, unannounced and sans warrant, and starts ripping the house apart during dinner with the family. Or better yet, bed time.

Strange, the more Dem the city the less rights we have and the more draconian the police are.Maybe you should seek counseling instead of trying to chage the true meaning of marriage.

I'm sorry to say, that these problems were caused by the people of their own race. More crimes are commited by a specific race, then all of the other races put together.

If you look like a criminal and are involved in suspicious activities the police should stop and #$%$. It is for everyone's safety. I hope you would want this kind of protection for yourself.

It would seem to me that the honest law abiding black community in New York would be protesting the large gang communities who force over worked cops to do this, instead of protesting the cops. Do you think they do this because they are bored? It might have something to do with the HUGE crime rate among the black and hispanic community in NY. How about put your anger where it belongs.

What do you want to guess these guys resisted and made out like juveniles with something to hide when asked a few questions? No one is condoning just randomly handcuffing people on the streets and checking them out. Im guessing that is not how it went down.

The biggest crimes occur on Wall St, stop and frisk there.

Millions get to stay safe while others complain. How about real proof as to what happened.

They yell and scream that crime is out of control and when the cops see a poss crime being commited the cops get labeled racists. It dosnt matter what color you are if it looks like your breaking into a home your gonna be detained. And if the cops looked the other way and it was a break-in then someone would still claim racism! Oh the cops dont care about us becuse we are black!    Cops are stuck in a catch22!

Only about 10 percent of all stops result in arrest, and a weapon is recovered a small fraction of the timeThat's ten percent less than what they were getting before.  And one less weapon on the street every time they find one.If I were a cop, I probably would have stopped and frisked someone who appeared to be breaking into a home as well.

Let em halt stop and frisk, and when they have their gang bangers shooting it out in the street, let em clean up their own mess!You just can`t help some people....let them all shoot each other.

I dint see a problem with frisking, if they are not acting with bad intent or trying to hide something there should not be a problem

He was "helping a neighbor who was locked out of his apartment"... so that would lead me to believe that they were trying to find a way to break into his buddy's house...and without knowing that it was his apartment, why wouldn't it look suspicious to see two guys trying to find a way into a locked apartment that they had no key to? If I'm ever locked out of my house or car and a cop see's me trying to find a way into it, I would hope that the cop would stop and question me about it!

''For both, the experience was humiliating and frightening — and they say — illegal because they believe they were stopped because of their race. Both are black.'' --- Two blacks trying to unlcok a door to get into a home. SUSPICIOUS? Oh no, why would that be suspicious?

Thank god I'm a white male, who looks like harry potter.  I walk by with all my drugs and they never give me a second look.  I just look frightened all the time and they leave me alone lol.  But seriously though, I could have WWIII in my pants, and they'll never stop me, just because I look like someone they used to pick on in high school.  White privilege is awesome, and if you had it you'd use it too.  "Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry, I didn't know I couldn't do that sir."  But what he doesn't know is that I did know I couldn't do that.  (thank you dave chapelle)

Black, white, brown, or purple if you look like you could even possibly be breaking into a home and the police se you then the situation demands the police investigate as that is their Job. We do not know if this kid acted beligerent or what, but most likely he was not polite and respectful, regardless he was let go and no real harm done. Get off the racist regimn and thank God we have decent police out there trying to do a job we need. This kid is the racist.

It sucks to live in a crime ridden city where police have to do their job! And the demographics involving crime ARE  Black and Hispanic....I suggest you move...or help get a handle on the thugs in your neighborhood.......

this is what happens when you have a billionaire mayor capable of buying a third term.....

well, like he said, crime isnt evenly distributed.. sorry that your cousins, brothers and friends are taking down your neighborhoods and making you look bad but it is what it is.. if all that chit was goin on in white neighborhoods the whites would be getting searched more but you gotta put the resources where they are needed..suck it up and teach your kids not to be thugs..

I don't like blacks but I don't like gestapo cops either.Who saw the latest video of that 70 yr old white lady who just happened to catch a big #$%$ black beech who came out of an abortion clinic to pummel this little old lady all caught on video and NOT ONE PEEP FROM THE LIBBY PRESS NOR  ANY POLICE ACTION?!! #$%$?! If the tables were turned thered be a FIRESTORM of press and arrests and RIOTS so blackies could beat and kill all the whites they wanted. The country is a cluster fok of angry violant libs helping blacks get away with violence, fraud, and murder. Now the HNIC is aggressively trying to disarm whitey so they cant protect themselves from all these black racists and gansters. Wake TF up America. Race card fraud MUST BE STOPPED, NOW.

I'm sure they were just skipping down the street whistling a tune

Police state America.

I can't make out if thats a lepord or a tiger standing behind Mr Devin Almonor. I sure hope hes alright.

All of you who think stop and frisk is a good idea, need to go back and read the 4th Amendment. If I'm out on a public street, the cops have no right to stop and search me just because I'm there, without any other evidence of illegal activity. Yet this happens on a routine basis, and a lot of people think this is a good thing. The founders put this amendment into the Constitution to protect citizens against exactly this kind of abuse. What is especially ironic, is that most of the people who are in favor of this, in the next breath, will say that they think government is too intrusive, and should only do what the Constitution allows. Well, this is something it does not allow, so, where is their outrage over this obvious overreach of governmental authority??

When we as Americans can't stand as one against infringements on our basic constitutional rights, then we have a major problem.

are we going to completely disable our police by not allowing them to do their job, it is just not true that they only suspect peole who are nt white. About a year ago my white grandson was stopped coming out of my house and questioned because there had been a report of a teenager jumping fences and going through back yards that had on a white hoody and jeans. My grandson had on a white tee shirt and jeans, so you see it really isn,t a racial thing. The police came to my door and verified that he was really my grandson, it was a little disconcerting and I see why these people do like it but I think it has to be done if we are going to try to protect the general public.

Today they are searching us here in NYC without a warrant..........tomorrow it may be in your town. When you give average Joe cops with 3 girlfriends aside their wife who smoke more pot than you the power to execute a search of your person without a warrant or because they "Believe or feel" a crime is about to happen, you have given all power to the government and live in a police state. Everyone here pulling the minority card better hope this law is fenced around NYC as are the gun laws. You wouldn't like those either, and they're trying to bring them to your neighborhood courtesy of Obama and friends.

So he was helping a neighbor break into his locked house &amp; he claimed the police were suspicious because he's black? ::rolls eyes:: Cops would be suspicious of anyone that looks like theyre breaking into a house reguardless of skin color. Im white &amp; work in real estate &amp; ive been harassed by police while entering forclosed homes...

"Only about 10 % of the stops end in arrest" &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I would say those are pretty good numbers! That sounds like the NYPD is correct in doing this, gets bad guys and weapons off the street. &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; maybe Chicago and Detroit should take some lessons!Do all of you New York People think that you are god ? No one is above the law! illegal searches violate the Constitution. Oh... You threw that away when you made Bloomhitler mayor.

How this is legal and practiced is a clear a demonstration of the thug like, dictator culture that Michael Bloomberg believes in.  Having someone touch you, without your consent ,when you have done nothing wrong, is the ultimate form of violation of individual human rights.  To those who think 'the ends justify the means' because it's 'those people', wait until it comes to you.

You can thank your bruthahs and systahs - profiling exists for a reason.

For the case at hand, the Med student was helping a neighbor who had locked himself out of his home.  Code for trying to break in, yes it is not a crime to break in to your own home, but would you want police to just drive by when they see someone attempting to enter a structure without the key.  Look at it through your own mind set, would you not see someone trying to break in, would questioning be out of line, if questioning was not responded too with simple polite answers would you want to stand there without knowing you are safe.  I think that sometimes people get to hung up on themselves and fail to see the big picture.  If you want to not get questioned for attempted Breaking and Entering, be it legal or not, then move to where crime is almost nonexistent if you can.  Bet a small town sheriff would have at least stopped to ask what was going on?  Even if they knew the people in question.If on the other hand these gentlemen responded to officers with respect and dignity, then perhaps there is something more to the story.  Doubt it has anything to do with race, I really think, from talking with people I come across that most Americans continue to walk around with the black vs white mentality, I know for myself that I view the world in the light of Gods creation which makes us all one race, the human race.  If more people would come to understand this we would see fewer racially motivated means of espousing hate.

Strange he waited all this time to report it.It's not surprising you get stopped it should make you feel a little safer in that crime part of  N.Y. city.LOL

In the eyes of the law, people of this country are now Guilty and need to prove their innocence.  I understand that there will be a higher crime rate in the city compared to the suburbs, but its still not ok to stop and frisk someone for no good reason.

Medical student David Floyd was frisked by officers outside of his apartment as he helped a neighbor locked out of his home. Can't believe that that president did'nt have him and the cop over for a beer! If I seen anyone trying to get in a door without a key and to would be suspicious. Look at the guy and you can't say honestly that he dosn't look like a thugg? Whats wrong with these people, statistics prove over 85% of crime in NYC is commited by people of color. F*#% NYC its nothing but a cesspool of liberals and I hope it rots off the face of the earth.

I guess Obama and Congress should suspend the Fourth Amendment in order to make us all equal. If it's legal to violate a poor man's rights, then it's legal to violate the rights of all.

nothing new here folks THEY always did search US AND always will search us no matter how  "" BUSHIE  U ARE or who your GRANDPARENTS ARE   ""

But you NEVER hear Blacks say anything about them shooting,killing,robbing &amp; car-jacking though do you? NOTTA! Everytime its a White man involved! Now go figure why the US Prison population is mostly Blacks...........So they could only find two people with a legitimate complaint.  Sounds like the program is a success.

If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck and sounds like a duck. Then it must be a friend of the wonder triplets Al, Barry and Jesse.

Medical student studying in Cuba? Maybe he should stay there.

I don't care if your black, white or rainbow colored, this policy sure sounds like a warrentless search to me.

wah wah wah why is it always the blacks whinnnnning

Did the med student need affirmative action to get in?

Common Sense - It is not the law Abiding man and woman who has defaced our constitution, it is the criminal element who has used the same rights you have, to do his evil and satanic life of qrongs. Many gang bangers holler about heir rights every day, Right after they've just done a drug deal or robbed someone. People if you don't see how important it is to let the thug the gangster the organized crime family know, they are not above the laws, or can skirt around them, then maybe they'd curtail the flagrant abuse they've shoved in or faces for years. Maybe we can stop the next 6 month old baby from getting shot 6 times while she has her diaper changed.........

Maybe if BLACKS and other MINORITIES didn't commit a MAJORITY of the crimes in this country and our prisons weren't 85 to 88% full of them in all states then maybe things would be different.   They set the standard... now live with it or leave.

It's the bad Blacks that make life difficult for the good Blacks.

People wanna live free, ....The answer in New York is not to arm everyone, but doing exactly what the cops are doing. If you now know that they'll do random stops in areas that are plagued by drugs, theft and prostitution, the answer is either be prepared to get stopped or don't go to those areas. If you live on the areas, then you should welcome any stop made to anyone, as long as it insures the safety of my 6 month old child who won't live to see the seventh month of her life (Chicago - "Johniya")  STOP every gotdamn gang banger you see, til they leave or cease the #$%$ life style they enjoyed under the cloak of freedom we all pay for and they have abused.It is what it is in New York City with  mayer Doomberg  treating the citizens like childrenno wonder the Police treat brown skin people like criminals, it use to be driving while blacknow it also walking while black.  next thing flying cameras will be peeking into you windowto see if you are doing somthing mayer Doomberg said is forbiden.

more than likley the officers were also black and they know who commits the crimes in their neighborhoods

street crime/inner city problem.corporate white collar crime/white suburbs

I wish they would please quit with the RACIST excuse! Day in and day out, everything is racist to blacks. Why do the blacks always think the whites OWE them everything. You never hear of the black professionals complaining about racism. Only the idiots that hate the white man. Move on already, quit blaming everyone and everything. Unreal the fools in society today! Be a man and quit your whining.

welcome to Berlin circa 1935

Maybe Bloomberg would be better off addressing blatant civil rights violation instead of wasting time legislating what NY'ers can eat and drink.

Blacks in America have murdered 200,000 innocent whites since the mid-1960s, and Yahoo is concerned only with occasional minority subjects of stop-and-frisk, who are alive and able to tell about it...

crime-stopping tool that has helped drive crime down to''record lows"?, only  "about" 10% result in arrestwithin the boundaries of the law?, it's called a "warrant"600,000 stops annually are not unreasonable, see above

I bit 99.9% of the pat downs were in high crime area.

Why is it that every place that gets infested with liberals, liberties get thrown out the window.Isn't this the police state New Yorkers wanted?  Might as well be carrying papers but I bet they feel safe...wait nevermind.

police cheif as bad as blooomberg would really like to see the real number on crime in nyc

Why can't they catch any of the Wall Sreet bankers, who lead us into the worse cycle of home foreclosures and lost trillions in pension funds. Maybe you should stop and frisk the real criminals. Already our freedoms have been taken away by the so called Patroit Act .So please America is about to become a police state for everyone. So they     first took the blacks rights  then they took the Moslems freedom and then the hispanics. finally the poor white people

The devil is in the details and we don't have very many details here.  Fine to judge both sides.  But for the record, I'd HATE to be a policeman in NYC and I'd doubly hate to confront two blacks trying to break into an apartment, which, regardless of how you look at it, that's what these two brothers were doing.

It's not legal, no matter what the pigs and their porkers called politicians say about it. I am embarrassed for New Yorkers, you have allowed yourselves to become slaves or more specifically New York citizens are treated today very much like the Germans handled the Jews in leading up to WWII. The only answer is to prosecute those that wrote the illegal laws and the ones using it against the citizenry. I am appalled at even the thought of such Nazi- Fascist actions.

stop, frisk, shoot.  keep the 47%er population from exploding

Let's be honest here Devin, most young black men are not med students out trying to helpsomeone unlock their doors. Look at all the crime we do commit. I seriously am ashamed toeven try to defend my people anymore. We have to change ourselves.

The governor and mayor should be outraged by this. The U.S. really is becoming a Nazi-like state.

Stop this unconstitutional search.  If it was only blacks it more so unconstitutional. Violation of the civil right and equal rights.    Who ever doing this should be thrown in jail no question asked.

Ofn waa WOULD You RATHER be shot at by one of your unfrisked brothers ?A big part of it has to do with quotas- but I hate to be honest, it doesn't help that alot of young minority guys dress alike, at least in my neighborhood. I know guys I went to college with who have great jobs and never commited a crime, but when they are off or work or walking aorund the nieghborhood are wearing the SAME thing as the thugs who stand on the corner all day long.... baggy jeans, baggy tee shirt and oversized jackets...Some friends of mine make fun of my little bowties, cardigans and fitted pants with the rolled up pants legs and how I can never walk out the house without super clean cut appearance, but it is VERY unlikely to mistake me for most of the guys in my neighborhood by my way of dress ( that are NOT the white hipsters moving in). This has never happened to me (knock on wood) and I live in N.Y.C in BROOKLYN. I have seen guys being frisked walking to the subway however..

and a med student means what

I lived in New Orleans for 18 months.  I lived on the East Bank.   I was CONSTANTLY discriminated against.  From vulgar "white" obscenities to CONSTANT vehicular damage.  My apt building was managed by Black Americans and they could have cared less what happened to myself/property because I was white!  Eventually my insurance company refused to pay out after the constant claim issues.  So, when you say "you white ppl dont know what its like" you are dead wrong.  ANY white person in New Orleans for anything other than a vacay WILL be discriminated against! Its only a matter of time.

I think the cops are put in a tough spot. They can either be "aggressive" and people complain or they can sit back and let criminals do whatever they want and people complain. I think everyone that is concerned with either of those scenarios should volunteer to spend an overnight shift with a pair of NYC cops to see if it influences their opinion in one direction or another.

The NYPD's practice is to kidnap people off the streets and run false charges against them in lock-up.

Highest percentage of crime by black and hispanic = highest percentage of suspicion of black and hispanic. You people know how you can stop this???

This is a direct violation of civil rights what is the judge thinking if she dosn't not put a stop to it, you might know bloomy is behind it.

What I have read is that Stop-And-Frisk has lower crime rate and is working .Now a few don't like it ,my advise relocate and your problem solved.NYPD keep up the good work ,one sugestion target the muslims twice as hard terrorist must be irradiated from our shores.

You couldn't pay me enough to even visit NYC.

Good God People, We Need To Frisk Every One.   You Never Know Whose Gonna Be Trying To Kill You..       Frisk Every One!         Freaks and Guns, every where!!!!   Go USA!  And if we can carry knifes on planes,why can't we carry guns?       duh!How many of these stops result in arrests? That will help determine if the cops are being reasonable in their actions.

The anonymous nature of the internet really brings out the racist in people. Nothing but cowards who would never say these things in public.

Police checkpoints are effective in ferreting out drunk drivers, and should be expanded to include illegals, illegal possession of guns, deadly weapons, and stolen goods. A little inconvenience to pay for a greater good.

the police love this kind of ...free-range-abuse-of-american-rights.....makes them feel less like the d-bags they are..

first off i'm white,not that it matters.apparently it is a crime to be of color or latino in nyc.i've heard absolutely nothing good about nypd and would never go there.they're thugs with badges and guns from what i've heard and they like to use people of color or latino for target practice.they're thugs where i live too,in cowtown,mid america,not as bad as this.they not only need to be fired but make it so they cann't go somewhere else and do the same thing.not to mention some may even need to go to prison.we have 2.2mil.locked up in this country so a bunch of thug cops won't make that much of a differance on the price of warehousing them.

as a man of color, I say that anyone who s pants are sagging should not only be frisk but have a mental evaluation mandatory!

I don't seem to get hassled a lot in our golf course community in Ohio. In fact, when we visit our beach house in FL, we don't get frisked. I guess - and please correct me if I've misinterpreted the article - crime is not prevelant in those areas. So, if you're tired of being frisked, and you live in a high-crime location - AND you resemble the general profile of most perpetrators of these crimes - then maybe you shouldn't complain to the police. Follow the stats... If you're walking through a Jewish nieghborhood, and you live there, then you're probably not going to be frisked like you would in an area that is lit up in red on a crime map. Maybe the problem isn't the frisking, but what makes Police feel the need to frisk...

U.S. District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin..is this a relative of Judge Judy???

so what

We already do this at airports and major sporting events,we already expect this treatment on the road because of drunk drivers.And if you are white and living in Detroit, you should be stopped and frisked on a daily basis to see if you have lost your mind.im sorry but doesnt the law say u need a search warrent? without that a police officer can say anything and search you? And lets not forget that most officers are law abbiding but a lot are #$%$ who think they are above the law. How can we give them the right to judge if someone looks suspiouse to the point they can be handcuffed for no reason and searched with the only reason "Cause they looked suspiousious" thats not a reason...thats like killing someone and then saying "well i knew he was going to kill someone so i beat him to it" didnt hitler and the SS do the same thing only they killed the people.

...ALSO, don't worry all YOU TRUE FREEDOM LOVIN fair-minded AMERICANS.....This LAW WILL soon B APPLIED 2 WHITES...well, the POOR and MIDDLE CLASS ones.

The country would be in better shape if the police went after real criminals working at the United States Congress; Robbing from the Poor to give to the Rich is the worst crime in the Nation.

You can thank your fellow #$%$ for your problems.

I hope you get your justice. This is not Constitutional at all. People, the higher ups, need to lose their jobs because of this.

NYPD would love to emulate their hero former Birmingham police chief bull Connor who would let attack dogs out on civil rights protestors in "meet the beast greeting sessions"

So now you are going by " Devon Almonor "  ..... you aren't fooling anyone, Steve Urkel

"5 million stops in a decade". That figures out to 57.07 stops per hour, 24 hours a day, 365 a year for 10 years...I call B/S!"With 35,000 officers, some 9500 additional school and reserve officers, plus traffic units and detectives, that's a lot of officers on the street on any given day and shift.  Some 8000 OFFICERS per shift, per day.  57 stops per hour is not an unreasonable number.  If each officer made only 1 stop per day, there would be 24,000 stops per day, or 1000 stops per hour.

Wow, as if I needed another reason NEVER TO GO TO NEW YORK CITY...

Outlawing NY’s 2nd Amendment rights was not based on 'race' - banning super-sized soft drinks was not based on 'race' - this is not a 'race' issue… this a 'power' problem that exists in our government at every level and is getting worse.Vote these ‘Statists’ OUT of power and take our Rights Back...and STOP with the 'race' garbage.   We are ALL Americans - and this is just PLAIN WRONG."The mayor and police commissioner say stop-and-frisk is a life-saving, crime-stopping tool that has helped drive crime down to record lows."  Throwing everyone in jail at birth would be even better.  "Fascist States of America," anyone?

Afterall, Walking while Black is illegal in New York...

OK....put an end to the "stop and frisk" and watch the murder rate go up again....can't have it both ways people....I can't believe the black community would not want this considering all the killings especially black on black murders.

Floyd was frisked as he was helping a neighbor outside a locked home.  So what if the police didn't frisk him and it turned out he was a burglar or someone forcing the homeowner to open his home?  Ten the cops would be criticized for not doing their job.  I'm white and I would be expected to be searched in that situation.

This issue confuses me. This kind of thing happens in every community, regardless of racial demography. As stated in the article, cops go where the crime is. Does any confusion on that matter exist?  Do I support stop and frisk without cause? No. I have been subjected to this as well, and chalk it up to cops trying to get lucky. I suspect that NYPD is pushing the limits of reasonable suspicion on this, however, the results are such as that which the practice is designed to deliver. I submit that the black community has to decide upon which is the more egregious circumstance, rampant violent crime or the questionable detention of those who fit the profile of the largest segment of the criminal population.

If you think you can be a better police officer, then do so. You will earn my utmost respect. I have little respect for those that complain, #$%$, moan and say how they "would do it better" but make no effort to do so. So you think all police are corrupt?  Then make the change yourself.  I became a police officer at 44 years of age on the West Coast. It is very demanding in all regards. But I am trying to make a positive difference. I work with the most dedicated and self sacrificing men and women imaginable. They truly are the most rewarding part of the job. Having stated such, where I work this is called a "Terry Stop."  you must have "reasonable suspicion" that you can articulate that a crime is about to be committed, being committed, or has been committed. To pat someone down or "frisk" them, you must articulate why you did so. I have handcuffed suspects who I did not end up arresting. Depends on my experience with the suspect, if I am alone, if I believe they will assault me, or run from me, or dozens of other variables that I need to be able to articulate the reasons for my actions.  As I read the article, I am struck by the fact that it is not well written with respect to details. For example, the "I was helping a neighbor locked out of his apartment."  If you were a police officer, and saw someone trying to enter an apartment and they did not have a key, would you reasonable suspect that the crime of burglary might be occurring?  If not, then you would not make a very good police officer. Burglary is a felony, and felons historically don't want to get arrested. Some felons are willing to injure or kill to avoid arrest. Police don't read the minds of people, so they try to take necessary precautions to  stop suspects and investigate the particulars as safely as possible.

Dumbing Down:&lt;&lt;If they go where the crime is and if the law is working then why are people still being robbed and minipulated in New York. if you want crime to decrease and people to feel safe, Stop and Frisk Wall Street.&gt;&gt;Wall street/banking industry etc. - yes, lot of crime.  But it's under federal, not city, jurisdiction.

if you were stopped just for walking to work every day, you would make a mountain out of a molehill too, how many white men get stopped every week?

This is called terrorism , this is discrimination .Crime is reduced by hiring more colored cops, social welfare, spiritual and religious teaching. Another reason to avoid NYC.

This never seems to be a problem until it happens to you or someone you know and love, if New York is willing to do this it should be everybody and not just those of certain ethnic backrounds. TO LOOK GUILTY OF SOMETHING DOESN'T MAKE YOU GUILTY OF ANYTHING!!!I'm glad to see Black men standing up to injustice, but at the same time also stand up for your community.If your area is a crime infested community, community members need to take control of their community before the police; this is your home. Where are the neighborhood watchmen? Where are the brothers working with police to implement a plan better than stop and frisk? Where are the parents saying let’s build up OUR community before someone else shuts it down? People protect your home!

Stop and Frisk is a very scary practice. It needs to end now! This seems like way too much policing. In our country aren't we innocent until proven guilty? Why does the city of NY think its okay to basically say all citizens are guilty of something until they can be frisked to prove otherwise.

One town I'll never set foot in. Arrogant and flat out stupid people abound in NYC. Trying to ban 32 oz drinks sez it all. Stop and frisk....sounds so Russian to me.

These Blacks dont want the police protection,they see it as discrimination,(they see everything that way)Its either they are crying RACIST or PAY ME,,Its no wonder they Kill each other at an ALARMING rate,Sorry,if it walks like a duck ect.

PLEASE DONT TOUCH ME,IM black.

the media should let this be and sho the tape of the 3 OHIO kids having SEX and the after WAKE from that HO !

Al go back to MSNBC and whack away at the Republicans, but on this one, go after the source of the crime and problems,  NYPD is not your whipping boy today.

It's unfortunate that a black youth has to be warned about how to look or act in public, this doesn't happen because their doing anything wrong. IT'S BECAUSE OF RACE AND STEREOTYPES!!!

"as he helped a neighbor locked out of his home."  I've been locked out of my car and home before and I'm sure I looked suspicious as hell, I'd have been #$%$ if a cop drove by and DIDN'T check me out.

The race card again?The deck is getting really thin.How about saving an ace for when its really needed!Black, red, brown, yellow. white, I don't care what color you are. Read the 4th Amendment, then, with a straight face, say the whole program is not an abuse of your Constitutional rights.

&lt;&lt;&lt;"Furtive movements" seem to be cause to ignore the Fourth and Fifth Amendments. Handcuffed when an officer believes safety is an issue. Detained in a squad car with-out probable cause.&gt;&gt;&gt;"Stop and Frisk" has been around for about  40 years.  It's nothing new and has everything to do with officer safety and the safety of the public..  There is no constitutional right to kill or maim cops or other people.    Read the Constitution.  It addresses unreasonable search &amp; seizure and arrest/prosecution. It doesn't have anything to do checking a bulge in a waistline to make sure a person isn't going to shoot you as you are talking to him.Funny how the same people who #$%$ and moan about this kind of stuff are the first to scream and yell about cops not doing their jobs when some bad-as* hurts somebody else.

Sure we have large phalluses, can run and jump, clap to the beat and set trends, but we are crime prone, come on. Take the good you gotta take the bad too. But things are a changing though. Used to be black hoods you had to worry about, but these suburban white kids is out the box!

How in the heck did this policy ever come into being in the first place?  Who thought it was a good idea to trample on people's Constitutional protection from unreasonable search and seizure?  I doubt it was approved by anyone that would ever have to experience it.

I had a dream of being attacked by four young blacks and passed four young blacks yesterday and they were really good kids just walking home from school.  I would think police with guns would be more secure as we are unarmed and have to deal with all people of all races and creeds everyday without a gun, and other weapons.

dont break laws and you would not have this problem and al sharpton is a joker a devil to cause as much trouble as the thugs how much money was al paid to march the devil dont work for free?

Did he mouth off to the officers....because thats what they usually do....and provoke the situation....or maybe we should just protect innocent people who would like protection....instead of blacks....who just whine and raise the race card all the time....can't believe anything they say......I mean look at that sixed faced liar obama.....you reap what you sow....

What has happened to this country?? We are a REPUBLIC, not a Democracy!! With Liberty and Justice for all!! They are overstepping their authority by huge margins, Our government has forgotten they work for us, we the people! We need to go back to what this country was founded on and make our government follow the rules we have laid out for them! Our Constitution and the Bill Of Rights!

Do you really think the police profile black men as criminals just because they are black?

The illegal searches conducted by NYPD will soon becoming to city near you .I went to new york with my buddy from the navy,  stayed at his pops house in brooklyn.  were out walking one day and the police run up on us,  cuff us,  frisk us,  question us,  and then let us go.  the line they gave us was i matched the description of someone who had just committed a crime in the area.  it was crazy because that whole weekend the only white faces i had seen besides myself was the police that jammed us up.  fit the description.  yeah right.

like i said before let black police officers partol black neighborhoods

they need to leave the "people" alone, and spend some quality time on the firing range,,,,target practice, we already know they can't aim for s(h)i(t),,,,

Stop and question - OK.Stop and frisk - show me the warrant!Where are the lawsuits????

Pow, Pow, Pow, Pow..........FREEZE MOTHER......!!!!!!!!

Simple, order the police to stand down and analyze whether the tool is effective. If the citizens wish to pay for  a less proactive police force then so beit. To the cops in NY and everywhere else in this devolving country, good work!

Suddenly all these Liberals are coming out of the woodwork to defend the Constitution.You didn't CARE too much about the Constitution when Obama decided to take guns away from WHITE people.

So walking home from school in a bad neighborhood is enough of a reason for the cops tostop,frisk and put a 13 year old in the back of a police car? What a country America is,freedom is so valued as long as you have the right address.

Sadly its so easy for some of the commentors to justify this practice; perhaps because you are not part of the target group.  I was stopped; I'm a 51 year technical executive with no record and have worked the same fortune 500 company for 29 years.  But no matter how accomplished one is, in the eyes of the police, you are always a suspect subject to rights violations with impunity.

He looks like he would like to be frrisked again an again.Show me your papers. Police state. The police can justify anything.

Pendejo Mayor Gloomberg is making NYC into a pure control freak hellhole. Voters have to figure out the Left/Right phony paradigm.  In other areas of the country the 'authorities' set up highly illegal 'check points' that harass white people. Overall ain't racism; &gt;Totalitarianism.

Time for me to become a cop. I'll stop all those pedophiles. After all, most of pedos are white males. Mwahahahahaha.

Q: Why won't blacks use aspirin?A:They refuse to pick the cotton out of the bottle.

And people say the south is racist???

"Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods, they said, and officers do not targeting people solely because of their race." Sadly, the minorities do not understand the statistics and would rather focus on the emotional aspect of the situation. Not sure what that says about them, but you know the science behind it will fall behind amidst the cries of racism---something they'll easily follow rather than think about the truth.

Way to cherry pick a Med student and son of former cop out. C'mon you can do better than that.

well see you are black and that counts for being a bad guy in NYC where they frisk and shoot first THEN ask questions...welcome to America land of the free home of the depraved!

Why is this so hard?Police are allowed to pat a person down if they have reasonable suspicion that the person has committed or is about to commit a crime.  The Supreme Court has already looked at the issue and set clear guidelines.  Why are we asking the patee two years after the fact? We should be asking the police officer to articulate what crime he believed had taken place or was about to take place?

If they go where the crime is and if the law is working then why are people still being robbed and minipulated in New York. if you want crime to decrease and people to feel safe, Stop and Frisk Wall Street...Don't carry what area your walking through. If you didn't or not a suspect in a crime  you should not be searched. Last I knew mere suspicion wasn't enough to warrant a search or pat down. But hey, you guys voted these Boot jack thugs in as Mayor and president......so suck it up cup cake and put down that 16OZer of soda and welcome to the NDAA

Stop and frisk everyone.  They may be hiding a big gulp.

Lol when they called Floyd a med. school student. Well I guess that's technically true but from what i hear from people who go to real med. schools those med. schools in the Caribbean Sea area are as much med. schools as the University of Phoenix is a college.

I am so sick of this race #$%$. I live in Maine and we have to deal with the Border Patrol " U.S. Police force" They pull us over and ask questions why we are here all the time. Ummm my family has been here for over 100 years. Why you here. But you know what I am white and I dont complain about it to the damn newspapers.

The med student, doctor wannabe probably mouthed off at the Racist Cop.Hope the Bigoted cop walloped the "doctor" to be.Do I care about either ?NO.                          I DON'T

So what if you are a med student that means you are in no way a possible suspect?

Try dressing and acting like a model citizen instead of a gangsta.

anybody remember Nazi Germany?!  But on the flip side of this, both the police and the public could handle themselves alittle better in this situation...

Anders Bering,Timothy McVeigh, The Green River Killer, BTK, Oswald, Michael Swango, Ted Bundy, Gacy, Cary Stayner, The Genesee River Killer, The Craiglist Killer Phillip Markoff, Colonel David Russel Williams, Ted Kaczynski, VanderSloot...These people will not be stopped because they're white.

We need to continue to stop and frisk these types of characters, you never know whats on their mind with them...please keep the city safe....If black people didn't commit 70% of the crime then they wouldn't be targeted.

I love it when the pull the race card.  If the police were actually being predigest shame on them, but too many times the race card is played as a get at of jail card.

Ahhh yes, the race card, anyone else tired of this

What do you expect they are NY finest. #$%$ at their best.

So what do they want ? To go back to the time before this policy was in effect where all the thugs had illegal weapons and were shooting people? Their gun crime has decreased dramatically because of this policy. I would rather be frisked by a cop than shot by a gang banger.

This is the nearly the same tactic of searching people before they board a plane.If everyone felt safe about boarding a plane without any security measures,they wouldn't have them ie,private jets. Instead of a plane,they concentrate their search for criminals ,who happen to be predominantly minorities, in bad neighborhoods, which happens to be predominantly black and minority neighborhoods.What is the problem???

According to FBI statistics 77 percent of child molesters are white, I suggest we ban all white people from public pools, playgrounds, amusement parks and other places children congregate.  If we're going to violate the bill of rights based on skin color, lets do it all the way!

poor baby, do you want cheese with that whine

Racism sucks.

ALL blacks are criminals.Just search 63 yr old grandma (white btw) attacked outside a planned parenthood while she was praying for a botched abortion. luckily she was filming on her cell phone cam, probably suspected she would get attacked when she saw the congregation of blacks just inside the entrance(oh but thats profiling, cant do that and get away with it from the lib media and NAACP). This little old "white" lady was PRAYING for the the poor black girl whos abortion went horribly wrong and an ambulance had to show up (third time tht week?) and transport the baby killer to a proper hospital. When out came the typical angry, violent racist black barbarian nubian warrior raised to hate whitey by her angry, violent racist parents who are all supported by the lib media and NAACP etc., just as is the black panthers who connote anger, hatred, and attacks on any and all whites, period. Oh, but DO NOT profile them, youre not allowed to use proactive fact gathering data to protect yourself if youre "white". This country has become a joke with the true racists in charge. Now the GOP desparately seek a black man to run for President next election, because the ignorant majority thinks they HAVE to see black people in positipns of power to feel like they are accepted in the new looney liberal society cleverly created by the media and true racists.They use this tactic as a powerful TOOL to control the population and keep us at eachothers throats, as not to notice all the atrocities they inflict on us on a daily basis. If were busy fighting amounst ourselves, how can we join together to fight the true enemy? Clever tyrants arent these politicians and profiteers. look to the past and know who REALLY owned and operated all the slave ships, and who sold their own ppl into slavery, and who created and controls the banks and all the money world wide. Heres a hint, Its NOT Americans per say, they may have bought citizenship, but in their eyes we are merely seen as their pawns and useful tools in their greedy hidden agendas disguised as "movements" and progress. Yeah, their progressions alright, towards their personal cause. so many think their intelligent, then open your eyes and ears and use your braine and Wake TFUp and see the writing on the walls and in our books and schools and in all media.

Maybe if blacks stopped acting like monkeys....

So out of the 4,000,000 people harassed, they summoned 400,000. How many of them are actually convicted of a crime in the court of law? And this makes it is okay to violate the rights of 3,600,000 people? That is a pretty large number...

Wonder how many times Bloomberg has been stopped and frisked.....oh......he's not black.....just his heart.

The dress code of this and the last two generations tells one how far we have fallen as a society. Seeing grown men wearing short pants in the styles for children is disgusting. The older they get the more disfunctional they look. The number of guys wearing low sung baggy pants is the worst testament of a weak mind.

I don't care what race they are, police shouldn't be stopping anyone without probable cause.  There are too many gun toting police with ego problems.  How would you like it if they frisked your daughter and used the reasonable suspicion excuse?  Our constitution protects against unreasonable search, period.

We should stop it. Let them kill each other in larger numbers. Only frisk them when they are outside of their own neighborhoods, as that might endanger useful, functioning whites and asians.

was he carrying a 32oz soda or was he smoking in public or was he wearing a hoodie?

Damned if you do....no wonder cops are apathetic. I am a 56 yr old white guy who was stopped and frisked here in Ft. Lauderdale - and I was ok with it as the cops were checking the neighborhood.  Just as in traffic stops, if these searches include everyone they should be legal. The fact is, blacks commit much more crime relative to the rest of the population, especially whites. Who would you concentrate on?

You've got to sort through a few princes to find the frogs.Don't hang out in the wrong places or the wrong people and you may not get harrassed as much!That goes for anyone,not just blacks.G-man. Not every white person is an enemy, unless you want to make them one.

get use to it you have no rights and everyone is a terrorist except the elites and their companies that don't pay taxes.  if we only had a police force that would arrest the elites and their companies (Apple) that don't  pay taxes, and stock brokers that sell junk bonds,  the world would be a peaceful loving place

You will run this story but you won't report on Kimani Gray?

No 4th amendment in New York.  A person's right to choose - a big gulp may become infringed. Send New York to Moscow where it belongs.

if all police were required to have their stops videotaped, that would keep everyone honest &amp; more responsible, and would even help the police if they had to prove guilt for something like resisting arrest. Can't we demand it, we pay their salaries?

Wonder how many middle easterns they stop and frisk?!!

I really do not think I care to visit NYC!  Stop and frisk, hide to cigs, ban large sodas?  What is in the water going to the mayor and POs?

I thought the stop and frisk program was put in place for terrorism safety.  The mayor implies  it is being used to drive crime down.  Seems like a bait and switch to me.

Well..he was drinking a big gulp!!what did he expect!!!

The content of comments posted here are exactly why the government is confident that it will eventually disarm all Americans. We do not stick together. Many believe that it is okay for the government to illegally search people as long as they are black, Hispanic, or otherwise non-white. You are the same people who cry, cry, and cry about the government coming for your rights. Hypocrites. Blame the victim when an unconstitutional government policy is designed and applied only upon non-whites? But you want the same government to respect YOUR Second Amendment? Give me a F**cking break!And based on the nature of many of these post it is quite obvious that most who appear pro-stop-and-frisk are those who: (1) have never been illegally stopped and frisked in public; (2) live in "happy-go-lucky" areas where they are sheltered from reality and have no clue about the corruption of urban police departments; (3) have extreme racial bias for non-white people; and (4) have jobs in law enforcement or corrections, in which case ignorance and lack of concern for other citizens are expected on this topic.Everyone is entitled to their opinions but remember this: the government experimented on gun control and other civil rights with the blacks and Indians as test-dummies to perfect and further its agenda for total control. But soon enough, the government will attempt to apply the same illegal practices on everyone else. When the government is tired of experiment on the blacks, rest assured one day some Republican or Democrat politician is going to announce that Stop-and-frisk is going to be applied aggressively (i.e., without reasonable suspicion or probable cause) in YOUR community A divided house is guaranteed to fall.Oink, oink!  oinkoinkoink!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

WAKE UP PEOPLE This is not a Communist Country! Why are the people allowing our government to stand behind New York taking peoples constitutional rights away? they are slowly chipping away at the constitution. The SS did this in Russia to the Jews and Gentiles. It would be great if everyone reviews the history before they allow their local officials to make laws like this. I thought New Yorkers were tough. Well Buck up People don't allow your city officials to chip away at the Constitution.or your rights as a US Citizen.

If me and a friend are trying to get in his house because he locked himself out and a cop stops us and questions us--NO PROBLEM-- But if I am walking down the street and a cop stops me for no reason and searches me---BIG PROBLEM

Why is the NRA not up in arms over this? Seems the government is trying to take black peoples guns. So its OK to take some peoples guns but not the other peoples? Since we cant be fair about it lets just ban ALL guns, or put a clause in the 2nd Amendment that says "...unless you're a minority".

These two would be the first to complain that police are ignoring their neighborhood - can't have it both ways, fellas. I was stopped and frisked, a middle-aged white guy, within blocks of my house, and I was fine with it as I had nothing to worry about, and was glad the police were doing their job. Don't think you are civil-rights champions, you are just grandstanding fools.

This is not a civil-rights issue; it is a Fourth Amendment issue.  Welcome to the USSA.

Q.) Why IS THIS HAPPENING to BLACK PEOPLE / HISPANICS under a BLACK PRESIDENT ??A.) JUST GETTING all the BUGS worked OUT 4 WHEN it's EXPANDED to INCLUDE POOR / MIDDLE CLASS WHITES,

Wait till they do it to YOUR son or daughter. You may not like it so much then. It is just a matter of time.

Police have made about 5 million stops during the past decade, mostly of black and Hispanic men..WHY?  because most street crime is commited by them, I know, It's sad, but true.

America... Home of the #$%$Every American who isn't blinded by political correctness knows that a very large percentage of the black community is uneducated, violent, feral, and de-evolving before our very eyes.Even Mr. Bill Cosby acknowledged this when he stated: "Black on black crime, drug and alcohol abuse, and a stubborn proclivity towards embracing the most ignorant and juvenile, criminal and self defeating culture and mentality, has done more to to hurt black people than anything ole Whitey ever did."These facts are not "racist" ..... they are "reality":► Fifty percent of all of the homicides in America are committed by young black males, who make up just four percent of the total population.► Almost seventy-five percent of black babies are born out of wedlock. That means the taxpayers are stuck paying for all of the associated health care costs.► Millions of young Mexican men travel thousands of miles from their homes in Mexico to get jobs in America, yet young black men can't seem to find jobs....why?Honorable black men and women struggled for decades to obtain their civil rights, so why do today's blacks ignore their civil responsibilities that are associated with those right?Sadly, I've come to the realization that most blacks don't want equality, even though they say they do. Equality carries great responsibilities and requires that actions have consequences.  I think that what blacks really want is special treatment, as a protected class, who can't be blamed for any of their bad decisions or behavior.More and more whites, like myself, no longer feel any guilt or sympathy towards blacks.We're tired of excuses.....

I don't understand the issue of adults being frisked. If you're not doing anything wrong, what's the big deal. Let them check you, quit complaining! The cops put their lives on the line daily.

Always complaining and wanting something for nothing. I wish they would all just go back to where they came from. Things would be so much more peacful.

Good. Long overdue. The NYPD is guilty of violence against innocent people all the time, and they continue to get away with it. Let's hope some good comes out of this trial!

Safety First and Foremost ... The Police were doing exactly the right thing  ! If a crime was prevented and the suspects were black then it would have just been another arrest , but because the individuals were black , questioned then released they want to make it the end of the world  !  The two should be thankful the police are doing there job , and handcuffing them was to protect themselves  !  Hats off to the hard working  NYPD  !

Q.) Why do WHITE MEN revere EXTREME, ABUSIVE AUTHORITY so MUCH ??A.) Because it REMINDS them of DADDY, and YOU NEVER FORGET your FIRST TIME.(its special)

Wow, thrown against a car. Was it overhand or underhand? He probably had a concealed big gulp.

Where is the neighbor he was helping who was locked out of their house/apt and were they frisked? If they were why didn't they come forward and if they were not .......why?

illegal search = unconstitutional.  I am white and have been harassed by the police more than once, i don't think its a race thing, i think its a cop thing,  boy they love that power.

Floyd and Almonor are the same people who would protest that police are not doing enough to make their streets safe like in other neighborhoods. Do you want to walk past drug dealers and thugs, fellas? Do you want your sister or mother to be harassed or robbed in the street? Please, you are not civil rights champions. You are grandstanding losers."Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods, they said, and officers do not targeting people solely because of their race"Isn't that contradictory?  Minority neighborhood, but not because of race.  Has anyone seen a story about a caucasian being stopped in a hispanic neighborhood and filing a lawsuit?

These Gestapo tactics work to keep industrial prisons churning billions in profits for all concerned right down to the janitor. At the top of the ladder have the politicians and the Ceo's getting richer. The police officers get lots of overtime with every bust so there is the incentive. Follow the money.

If I'm a cop and I see you trying to "help a neighbor get into his locked apartment", I'm going to stop you and find out whats going on regardless of your race. These guys were up to activity that would have been burglary if the place wasn't rented by one of them.I'm sorry the kid felt profiled by this, but you can't jimmy open a door, or climb through a window in NYC without being suspicions...

This policy is wrong....Why dont they stop and frisk people around Wall ST where the real crimes that affect society are committed?

The casual and continuing racism of American police is appalling. A colleague and friend of mine who was a clean-cut, professional, law-abiding citizen, would occassionally get pulled over for a "DWB"-driving while black.

I've never felt safer in NYC thanks to stop and frisk. Chicago's mayor should take note.

I'm white and I had that done to me, the only difference is that I don't have the convience of crying racism. So stop your whining.

watch crime double if stop and frisk is stopped.

Just looking at you, you now know the reputation that black people have, and why is that???  It is simply because of past history and others have found out that black is truly no beautiful.  It is a sign of warning that danger most be close and do not turn your back on them because you will likely be stabbed, shot or robbed and that is the facts.  Why do you think that police have this policy and where did it come from?  It came from black history and should be continued until they can be trusted, probably never.

His is the only side of the story. Don't pick on me or I'll drop the race card.Q.) What is the BEST WAY to CASTRATE a WHITE MAN ??A.) Kick his MOTHER in the JAW.

people are full of #$%$.they think stop n frisk is ok as long as they aren't the ones being humiliated or embarrassed. when it happens to them on a regular basis i bet their tune will change quick.

One would think that they would support the success in reducing crime that this practice has had.

Give a monkey a badge and a gun and what do you have?  A monkey with a badge and a gun.

I find it amazing that Mr.Bloomberg, whose name suggests Hebrew heritage, is advocating the tactics of the Gestapo of Nazi Germany in 1939 should be allowed in an American city in 2013. He would profit from a conversation with a survivor of the Holocaust, and might even learn something.One major problem is the ease with which police can invent "probable cause to search" when "suspicious demeanor" is an allowable cause.

If you want a safe city,thats the way it has to be, new york was a crime ridden cesspool thirty years ago,thank,s the police it is one of the safest cities in the U.S,I have been stopped and searched by the police,no big deal,there is no other way to keep the punks off the streets.

Q.) What do YOU CALL a BUNCH of WHITE RACISTS FALLING ???A.) The FINANCIAL COLLAPSE of 2008.

Black and Hispanic cops need to start stopping and handcuffing whites, problem will be solved. I haven't been to NYC since the early 1980s, but all the drug dealers were white around 42nd St. The cops cleaned that area up?

A novel approach would be to put an end to political crimes (drug use) and apply the same punishment to real criminals.  If rapists and murderers spent as much time in prison as political prisoners, the streets of NYC would be super safe, but then too, the neo-nazi administration would have little reason to stop and frisk.  No nazi wants safe streets!

Please, can we just call it "stop-and-grope"?  What happened to truth in advertising?maybe this is something that idiot mayor should do something about.

Lol soooo mistreated. Did he miss his dinner time?

And the yankees and monkeys talk #$%$ about the south, Hahahahahahaha.

Maybe he should move to a better neighborhood then...

If you want to get guns off the street this is how you do it. In the 80's the LAPD used the same tactics and got the crack epidemic under control, and of course 'the community' hated the cops for doing it.

Shame on you NYC

Frisking of Blacks and Latinos=White Supremacy at its Finest

One of these days in the very near future, a group of civilians will turn on these officers and hell is going to break lose in the streets of NYC. We have no rights anymore, except the right to put our head down and ignore the corruption in everyday government..

If 10% of stops result in an arrest, it sounds like a very efficient use of police time. The article doesn't say what percentage result in confiscating illegal guns, but even if it's only 1% it's worth it for the lives saved.

Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly on Wall St.!Self defense is good against criminals and cops.

Law enforcement officers crossing the line, no matter where that line is, should be disciplined or removed from the force.  The notion of stopping crime -- is not an excuse for breaking the law in order to enforce the law.

White Power!!!!..White Power!!!!..White Power!!!!..White Power!!!!..Heil Hitler!!!!!

Of couse if you not the one being violated, or harassed y

Floyd is seeking to fund his studies in Cuba for medical school.  Humm sounds fishy!

Wah wah!  Son of former police officer, then I'm sure his father told him how to deal with cops when stopped.  I know I did!  Why is everything that happens to anybody always about race?  What were they doing to draw attention to themselves from the police and PLEASE don't use the "cuz we black".  That dog don't hunt!

n33gers needs to be stopped and frisked all the time! it will save thosands of lives!

...AND FINALLY, when IS the CHRIS DORNER'S LAST STAND SURVIVAL GAMEcoming 2 PS3 ??Or maybe they're WAITING 4 that NEW PS4 ???

CAN'T WAIT 4 the NY VERSION of CHRIS DORNER.R.I.P. Chris Dorner .... May CHOCOLATE RAMBO show us ALL the WAY.

Please, give me a break, all this whining and sniveling, how on earth do you expect the corporate OWNED Military POLICE State to get off the ground.Remember their motto to "Serve and Protect" and they are SERVING and Protecting the BEST interest of their corporate Anti American contributors.Remember this is American where it it can be Proven by listening to the Anti American PUKE corporate OWNED republican Right Wing agenda, if you are NOT WHITE, if you are NOT their FLAVOR of christian you are NOT a AMERICAN, no matter what you say or do.I direct you to the proof (sic), brave( even more sic) PUKE Anti American White RACIST, INBRED CPAC, you know those WHITES that claim america is a WHITE ONLY COUNTRY, look at the corporate OWNED supreme court, knowing full well that rescinding the VOTERS Right ACT puts the INBRED, WHITE TRAILER TRASH of the south back to were they were 150 years ago.Then you print this ridiculous story expecting sympathy, when one of the Major contributors and door openers is the very PUKE you call Mayor. One FINAL comment how many MINORITIES have been MURDERED by the Key Stone Cops of NY, now how many are in JAIL and how many have used the defense "I was Afraid", " I felt threatened". zip, zero, none, this is a Military corporate OWNED project that is using Military tactics against its citizens with the FULL behind the Doors APPROVAL of its New World Order Mayor.So I'm guessing nobody learned anything from the debacle after Charles Stuart accused a black man of shooting to death his wife in 1989 Boston.

Q.) What will be SOME FUN FUTURE DEFINITIONS of WHITE PEOPLE FALLING ??A.) When the GOV'T comes to PRE-EMPITIVELY SEIZE all FIREARMS, using STOP and FRISK as a PRECEDENT.

This is the type of actions the democrats want to see for gun owners.

'Furtive movements'? really?

well I live in San Francisco and the police here are a joke .I live in the tenderloin where there are drugs and dope fiends every where and the cops don't do poo poo about it .there could be someone selling crack right in front of them and they would be more apt to wake up the homeless sleeping on the sidewalk than mess with the crack dealer .I think it's a fricking joke so I am a huge smart #$%$ to all cops when I see them ignoring the drug dealers .

i guess if he had a drinking/snorting problem and was a hollywood actress he could get away burglary 15 dui's/dwi's having 12 at fault accidents still have drivers license never go to jail and get rehab every time he cries and says he has a problem

When you are  committing most of the crimes, and are a certain skin color. Guess what? You are going to be checked more often. Common sense.

This for sure infiringes on your constitutional right, of illegal surch and seizure and detainment. This is to broad as descriobed, suspecious buldge,Police are required to fill out a form where they check off the justification for stopping someone, which includes, "furtive movements," suspicious bulge and if someone fits the description of a crime suspect....it could be my cell phone and backpacks, y is it illegal to carry a back pack, and I am sure they are not keeping data on just what races are being stopped and frisked, anmd just how honest are they in keeping this data.NYPD has over stepped there boundary, and it goes back to the case just heard in the u.S. Supreme court in regards to illegal immigrants, stopping them and them having papers on them, what is the difference, the U.S. Supreme Court foundmany parts of it unconstitutional as this is to.

The number one problem that victims of racial profiling have to deal with is called being black in a racist America. The Supreme Court Justice's need to feel the agony and pain that black people have to deal with on a ongoing basis. It's time for the Justice system to develop equal justice and apply the measures equally across the board and stop making excuses not protect the best interest of all American's. In order to bring about real change in America this racist justice system needs to hold police officer's accountable anytime they violate constitutional rights of any American...

use to when you were stopped, and frisked you had a feeling that the system was working, and maybe you did something wrong to cause suspician. Now its wah wah I am black, althogh blacks commit most the crimes. Grow up and accept your resonsibility.Some times we deal with Hitler youth, paid by our own tax money. They come in the form of rouge cops who get a false sense of ego by wearing a uniform and carying a weapon. These are "wanna be's", who could not achieve much in life.

Q.) What will be ONE RESULT when teh HISPANICS / MEXICANS take AMERICA from teh WHITE MAN ??A.) They will begin ILLEGALLY IMMIGRATING 2 CANADA to escape POVERTY.

I guess 70% of the world population needs to stay away from new york.

every one forgot after 911 that new york is full of aholes,

How does the NYPD get away with doing this????????

I grew up in the projects and I wasn't a thug or a criminal. Stereo types can be dangerous!!! There are thugs and criminals in almost every neighborhood in America. Not everyone who lives in the suburbs, that wear suits are upstanding citizens. I understand you may have to stop and question someone, but when the percentage of people you stop have done nothing wrong, maybe you need to rethink your strategy.

...and FUNNY, WHERE'S the "FREEDOM-LOVIN" TEA PARTY hollerin bout GOV'T OVERSTEPPING its bounds ????....anybody ??? Tea BAGGIN "PATRIOTS" ??? R U there ???

If only a small fraction of 600,000 stop and frisks result in a weapons find, this policy clearly doesn't work.

Who said that the PO-PO where White???

Well GOOD!! It IS long over-due....all over. I hope that this will begin a significant change because this is taking too long!Police are where the crime is regardless of race.  They don't sepcifically target neighborhoods based on race... tt's done based on the crime rate.  If you are doing something suspicious in a neighborhood with a high crime rate (like appearing to be breaking into a house, which I assume is what it looked like to the police for this dude helping out his neighbor), then you can't expect the police to not stop and question you.  Duh!  The police should be praised for doing their job.  Imagine what a hell it would be like if they ignored everything... the same people would be crying about how the police aren't doing anything.

About time! This nonsense needs to stop!TO LOOK GUILTY OF SOMETHING DOESN'T MAKE YOU GUILTY OF ANYTHING!!!

Q.) What HAPPENS when teh WHITE COPS OVERSTEP their BOUNDS and START DOING the STOP N FRISK 2POOR / MIDDLE CLASS WHITES ???A.) NOTHING, cause BY THEN, their BOSSES will be HISPANIC / MEXICAN -- and they WON'T CARE.

Racial profiling is a part of life and as a young man of color you learn at an early age that you are a target.  It is sad cuz I know there are a lot of good cops out there but I have been conditioned to fear police

What decent person lets a dirty #$%$ cop put their hands on them?????

its just a trial phase, don't worry it will end soon. Once the full law is adopted by all states, then this will be the norm. Get ready people, you've been scared enough to warrant this and its no more than what was done to our forefathers. They have figured a new way to enact the same things Martin, Malcolm, John and Robert died for. Its a real shame. Police have better tactics to understand and learn than to use this as a tool for violating anyone privacy... i will repeat you are not F R E E ! ! !

PHILOSO -- RAPTOR'S EASY English 2 WHITE DICTIONARY(ENGLISH) Drunken ORGY full of Carnality  --   (WHITE MAN) FAMILY REUNION

PHILOSO -- RAPTOR'S EASY ENGLISH 2 WHITE DICTIONARY :(ENGLISH) sister -- (WHITE MAN) BOOTY CALL

Q.) What do HOT WHITE WOMEN and ADS in the back of MAGAZINES have in COMMON ???A.) Both can ONLY B TAKEN by your AVERAGE WHITE MAN out of MAXIM and other PUBLICATIONS.

THEY JUST WANT TO PROTECT THE CRIMINALS.It's called being proactive.  They are doing their job.  When they see something suspicious ie. someone breaking into a home, they stop to investigate.  They don't know that its someone locked out of their home.  The cuffs and search are standard procedure for their own safety.  Would it be a first time an otherwise innocent person has pulled a gun on the police?  If they hadn't stopped and the place had gotten robbed, you'd have people whining that the police need to do their jobs.  You can't have it both ways.Oh, and for once, stop playing the race card.  I can  bet if they had seen two white guys doing the same thing, they would have had the same treatment.  And by constantly playing the race card, you are being no better than those you accuse.  Racism goes both ways.

Q.) What do you CALL a BUNCH of WHITE PEOPLE FALLING ??A.) The FINANCIAL COLLAPSE of 2008   (which got Obama elected)

#$%$ NYC

He's in med school and he's too stupid to see how trying to get in to a locked house looks suspicious?

damn steve urkle is aging well

it only works when the Cop isn't a racist to begin with... like the racist guy at Cpac who doesnt want to be called racist but he likes slavery... duhhhh... I have met many decent LE officers but I have met the others also...

Police man leave me alone. you guys are always harassing  the wrong people. whileyou are detaining me because I LOOK suspicious someone across town is really forealsuspicious and killing or robbing someone.

I am for it only if they apply this law equally to whites. Cops don't arrest whites who are into drugs etc., they should take them to jail equally.

In a The Police State of America, the art of freedom is the same as The Rules of Engagement. The are as much a target and fair game as the next, Police or not, especially in LA, NY and DC simply put. The old school attitude with modern tactical equipment....

Bloom"hilter"Burg's&gt; city&gt;What more can you say&gt;&gt;socialist&gt;&gt;left wing at work&gt;&gt;Listen up NY, when you pick a nanny mayor you lose your right to choose.  Now the rest of America needs to see that the Democratic Party is no longer stuck in 1968, more like 1984 Orwellian.

When the police doesn't do its job is bad, when the police does its job its bad.  What the heck do you people want?  If you look like a duck and walk like a duck, you must be a duck.

Q.) What do HOT WHITE WOMEN and TAMPONS have in COMMON ??A.) It is a SAFE BET that the AVERAGE WHITE MAN will NEVER HAVE ONE.

Now he Knows how Us white folks feel

What a load of malarkey! Quit your whining! The community would have been all upset and yelled police abuse if the jackass was truly a robber and the police helped him in! Get over it you whining brats!

You stop, stop and frisk because this is a nation ruled under Laws. And the supreme law of the land, the US Constitution, 4th amendment, guarantees citizens the right to be free from unlawful searches.  You can not come up with a gimmick to deny people their Constitutional Rights.

Welcome to the new world where civil rights are a fond memory.

NYC is run by ignorant yid slobs. Of course Jews hate blacks. But blacks are far better and smarter than Jews are. Just sue them.

Well when you have so many of these dark people with so much anger and getting into so much meanness it's going to effect the innocents. So buck up bucko it's just they way it is. This race is always complaining and wanting so much more peacful.

Yahoo is trying to start race riots again.They all look alike.

This is simply a legal unjust 'racist' oppressive system that targets mainly people of color. Their legalized slave system...

"I am not a criminal. I did not commit any criminal acts," Where are the Blacks leaders to teach these young Black kids truth? Let me guess they are all paid by the US government. For over 500 years now the white race have been raging all kind of warfare including their Psychology warfare on the minds of the Black youths. Of course fool that was the racist white objective was to make him believe he is a criminal. But we all know that was futile because whites have done every sort of criminal activities including the rapping of the land minds and souls of hundreds of millions of Blacks and Indians. What crime the white race haven't done yet?

"Hip Hop  a terrible form of noise that has infected our nation and the world. it has spawned a fashion industry that can’t keep their pants on or wear the proper sized shirt. on top of that it has changed our language for the worse. It’s sad but, true. Ignorance is here to stay."I firmly believe that a bunch of white kids dressed as members of the sex pistols would have been frisked as well. Perception is everything. A black guy in a tweed jacket wearing jeans that fit and walking like a human being would have walked right past those cops without any trouble. Perhaps if young black men emulated our president instead of some s-bag entertainer the cops would do less profiling. The entertainment industry is to blame. They are the Pied pipers of the modern world.

LOVE all teh RACIST COMMENTS HERE !! I've got 1 !!!Q.) What do YOU call a bunch of WHITE GUYS sitting on a BENCH ???A.) The NBA.

Q.) What HAPPENS when the WHITE COPS OVERSTEP their BOUNDS and START DOING what their doing 2 MINORITIES 2POOR / MIDDLE CLASS WHITE PEOPLE ???A.) NOTHING, all WHITE MEN secretly LIKE the TOUCH of a STRONG WHITE MAN.

Q.) What do you CALL 300 WHITE MEN DESPERATELY FOLLOWING a BLACK MAN ??A.) The PGA TOUR.

Funny how there are procedure put in place for small crimes, or those ( minorities ) that are suppose to be the ones commiting a majority of them. But when we look at crimes such as that commited by Madoff for example, his reached more deeply into the lives of so many more people. in other words this guy stole billions, and he is not the only one, nor the only one of his kind. If justice was equal across the board let me tell you white america, you all would be charge increasingly more. But because of the lofty statuses you have held through out the years you get away with things far more sinister, doubt it, let us never forget 911. What I don't hear you...............

and they never realize they got what they voted for ...

So what does "Desis rising up" mean?I don't care what Bloomberg's political affiliation - he is the typical elite / statist that is pushing his power-hungry agenda past the limits.  NY, if you vote this senile mayor back into office again - you deserve what you get.

@seeta your logic is incroguent with a broader view of crime in america. white americans ( nonlatinos) make up 72% of the u.s. population approxiametely 224 million individuals. in america there is consistent data that points to a 10% usage of illegal narcotics by every racial group ( yes including white americans). that would put white americans at the very top of the racial population that consumes, produce and sale illegal narcotic. 22 million white americans are actively engage in criminal activities everyday in the drug trade. im not counting racketering, money laundering, illegal stock trade, homicide, rape or the tens of thousands of white americans who commit tax evasion every year. your rational should be more consistant with a birds-eye-view of facts and not your myopic personal prejudices.

If the whole area is Hispanic or Black, then you are not entitled to use the race card as for the reason for being handcuffed.You hispanics and blacks need to stop using the race card.  There needs to be a law against using that as any form of defense.

Stop and frisk is a crime and should be treated as such. Illegal search and detainment without cause is kidnapping. It is time to start charging the police with the crimes they are commiting or is it going to take vigilante justice to make a change

If they are going to have caucasian cops do this in urban areas to blacks and spanish, they should have black and spanish cops do it in suburban areas to caucasians also... do you think that will change everyones views on this illegal behavior?

"Devin Almonor, the teenage son of a former police officer, said he was thrown against an unmarked car and temporarily handcuffed walking home from a bus stop"OK, I will give this one to Devin provided he was in fact just "walking home from a bus stop"."Medical student David Floyd was frisked by officers outside of his apartment as he helped a neighbor locked out of his home"While David was helping his neighbor did their actions in any way, shape or form resemble two people attempting to break into and apartment/building?Every story has two sides!

Q.) Why won't POOR / MIDDLE CLASS WHITE RACISTS MIND when teh COPS start DOING this 2 THEM ??A.) Cause the TOUCH of a STRONG WHITE MAN FRISKING THEM reminds most WHITE RACISTS of DADDY.

What in New Mexico we play don't play that #$%$,,frisk searches?sounds like the nypd just likes to sniff boxer shorts and play with young men's Gentiles.if a cop stops me with out cause,I'm flipping him the bird,and going about my bussiness.

all you idiots in the comments make me sick.. you support this stop and frisk.. when it completely violates our 4 amendment rights!..cops shouldnt stop people just cause they black or latino..IF we let the police and government get away with this, Sooner or later they will have us by the balls, because you idiots support that..

I hate what happened  BUT I would also hate to walk in the shoes of the police, who I'm sure see things you and I will (hopefully) never have to see or incounterwhy would anyone go to NY...

Imagine walking down a street minding your own business and having two guys with guns jump out at you from an unmarked car and attempting to search and detain you. I must admit this would be a scary situation for me even though I know that I have nothing to worry about.

I was stopped for having a "suspicious bulge" under my waist..They didn't wanna pat me down after I told them what it was.

;police state is on its way

If you are a minority you will get harassed by the cops doesn't matter how successful you are. Minorities are guilty until proven innocent. Whites are innocent until proven guilty. They apply very harsh form of the law to minorities while they let white criminals go scot free.

I know if they feel that they are being singled out in their own neighborhoods the maybe the police should just stay out and let them just kill each other off, but wait you say what about the innocent people there, well it seems that they are the ones doing the crying so I feel they brought it on themselves.  You can't have it both ways, OH I know tart making the criminals carry around a sign saying they are the only ones who need to be stopped. HA HA HA!  I would rather put up with that humiliation and know that some of the criminals were being caught than know that no one cared enough to take care of the problem.

I was getting a ticket for peeing in public and one of the cops called me stupid so I started talking #$%$ to them and in stead of getting a ticket for #$%$ I got one for disorderly conduct the cops would not let me hold the ticket book to sign the ticket he kept pulling every time I tryed to put the pen to the paper then when I gave him back his pen he threw it on the ground like it was contaminated or some thing . tell me that is proper police procedure I think it's more like littering and acting like a #$%$ baby on their part

There are no more guns in the hood then there are psychos with licenses to carry them. The only reason you get any affect at all from stop and frisk, is because minorities are more localized and the violence is usually within the perameters of the area. However how does that compare to "The Majorities" who are more unpredictable? They get fired from work, or they dont make the football team, then anyone is a target. Bosses, wives, children, schools, themselves and their whole families gotta go cuz they dont know how to survive on a $300 budget for five people, or find friends that accept them for who they are! Violence is not a minority issue..it is a human issue. If we dont stop playing all these subliminal race antics, we could foucus on putting the past behind us, and getting it together for OUR Children! Soon, it will be THEM making the decisions. Lets raise them to not be the animals we're slowing evolving back into.

Q.) What do HOT WHITE WOMEN and HURRICANE KATRINA BOTH have in COMMON ??A.) Both have TOTALLY EFFFED more BLACK MEN than WHITE MEN.

Funny how most of you talk about freedom and less government but you don't see how this is against our constitution. Instead you all say they should be frisked because they look a certain way. HypocritsQ.) Why are there so MANY RACISTS posting MESSAGES on YAHOO ??A.) Cause MOM says her V@G1N@ HURTS and their SISTERS are HIDING.

New York is the ultimate progressive city. It's a white minority city, the government has the power to regulate what you eat and drink "for your own good". So why the need for all this state fascism?Nevermind.

Ah, gotta love the compassion flowing in these comments. Is seems like bigots are the only ones who take time to post these days. For a nation were 80% are religious, it doesn't seem to reflect that in populous attitude, as most religions promote love towards thy fellow man. Embarrassing to say the least.

Seriously, grow up whiny New Yorkers! So what your stopped and you happen to be black or hispanic, if you guys wouldnt committ 90% of the crime it wouldnt happen..... blacks and any other minority have the same opportunity as any one else, they choose to take the wrong path, and thats my problem why????? Its all about safety.... GROW UP, GET A JOB, AN EDUCATION AND STOP YOUR WHINING!  What you want is to walk around with a pocketful of drugs, a couple of 9's in your pants, smokin a blunt and you want the cops to what??? Wave...... Please..... Rev Sharpton needs to get a life and realize hes a reacist and he ralleys only to  benefit himself..... Its not black race, white race, hispanic race its HUMAN RACE!!!with people like Rev Shaprton he keeps stirring the pot..... focusing only on negative issues .....get a life really!!!

Fu(ck the police, and their ignorant supporters!

One thing was forgot to add on the constitution, "It is valid for white only".

Duane - you should know better -  when 911 happened you are correct the country did come together, but  soon  after they forget who the real enemy is!!. This country is divided by RACE and the only time we will every come together is when something bad happens, other than that “YOU GO TO YOUR CORNER AND I GO TO MINE”. That’s the American way of thinking, and people wonder why 90% of the people on this planet hate us.  We are hypocrite’s here in America we try and make other countries do right when in fact we can’t even get ourselves together here at home so am I right or wrong for saying this?US Navy Vet 22 years

Q.) What are some OTHER FUN DEFINITIONS of WHITE PEOPLE FALLING ??A.) The RISE of the THIRD REICH; see also the FALL of the IRON CURTAIN.

Q.) Why will MOST WHITE RACISTS WILLINGLY give up their GUNS when teh GOV'T COMES 2 take them ???A.) B/C They SECRETLY WANT 2 B HELPLESS, and then FRISKED HARD by a STRONG WHITE MAN, all this NRA GARBAGE is just "FOREPLAY"....

Q.) What do the WHITE MAN'S AMERICA and a SOMBRERO both have in COMMON ??A.) They will BOTH EVENTUALLY B OWNED by MEXICANS.I am a veteran that for to this country. I'm also a black male. It is easy to say disrespectful it races things about people when you disguise who you are and don't have to say those words face to face. that is why the KKK wear white mask. because they don't have the heart or the balls to say what they believed. I believe all people deserve to be treated with common decency in respect. just because you were a bad she doesn't give you the right to disrespect somebody. I couldn't walk around Iraq killing people randomly just because they were Arabic and and it's not right that my people should be slaughtered because they're black. what I'm saying is we always see the enemy more respect than we give our own people. when I fall for this country I am a hero when I walk the streets I'm a criminal. that's okay because I will treat you respect even though you don't have the decency to do that for me. couple of America land of the free home of the races

black or white cops always do as they please with no actions ever taken on them....i hate the cops

#$%$... KGB... NYPD...

oh come on he's mad cause the fashion police got him!!

Q.) What DO WHITE MAN'S AMERICA and a TACO have in COMMON ??A.) Both will EVENTUALLY B SWALLOWED by HISPANICS.

Q.) Why are so MANY RACISTS posting RACIST MESSAGES on YAHOO ??A.) Well, BETTER than HAVING SEX with their WIVES / GIRLFRIENDS or takin that "TOPANGA" issue of MAXIM for a SPIN for the 100,000,000,000 th time.

Q.) What do teh BEAUTIFUL WHITE WOMEN and criminal RECORDS both have in COMMON ??A.) Chances are a BLACK MAN will HAVE ONE B4 a WHITE MAN does.

Hey all you (UN)HAPPY RACISTS !!!Q.) Where do MOST WHITE MEN go to get HOT WHITE CHICKS ??A.) The NEWS STAND or SEX SHOP.(see also, MAXIM, FHM, LINGERIE BOWL PPV)

maybe if they did this only to people who flaunt looking like gangstas (a poster boy here for who the cops -shouldn't- be doing this $#!t to). Or just arrest every known miscreant, run them thru court and meet them at the door with handcuffs and the next charge until one sticks and they get the message, imprisoned screaming "racial profiling".

Q.) What's the DEFINITION of a WHITE VIRGIN ???A.) ANY WHITE WOMAN who can OUTRUN her FATHER and BROTHERS ???As an extreme limit, the police officers should not treat any 'suspect' with less dignity or respect than what is returned by the suspect.  Making a 13 year-old cry and then insulting him does not sound like protecting and serving the public, especially if that child is truly innocent in an area with higher crime rates.  If you or I are handcuffed and treated with disrespect, we may demand our rights and respect, and expect a police apology for disrespect or thanks for helping them clear suspects of crime for the community.  The apology and thanks should be given by the police at the time of clearing a suspect and the return thanks should be given by the suspect for trying to make the community safer.

When teh COPS start DOING THIS 2 POOR / MIDDLE CLASS WHITES, teh TEA BAGGERS will start CRYING and SCREAMING.And EVERYONE will IGNORE them THEN, just like NOW...and RE-ELECT another OBAMA.

If you look like him you deseve to be stopped and frisked...DUH

Devin Almonor is seeking a movie part, and is using this as a spring-board to his new career.

And the funny part in all of this is that America, as usual is inconsistent in its nonsense. You stop and frisk blacks and hispanics because we commit all of the crime. Fine. Then the next time I go to the airport, I am walking to the front of the line and skipping security because the only people who blow up planes/innocents are from the middle east and deranged white people (Timothy Mcveigh). In fact, I think white men of all ages should be frisked before entering schools, malls, and generally any place people congregate because the media tells me you are all the mass murdering type. If you want to profile, profile EVERYONE for EVERYTHING not this cherry picking BS.

this is bloomberg and how does he still get elected?? white people are not the majority in nyc anymore so i think its a computer attack with the votes being faked.

Any police officer knows that whenever you stop someone, you HAVE to have cause, since it will comeup later when you file your report.. After Rodney King all stops are treated as if you were being videotaped and all stops are reported.  If anything, officers don’t stop people when they should because they fear accusations of racism like this one.

The Southern Sheriff comes to NYC. All that is lacking is the insulting "whatcha doin, boy"?

stop n frisk is doing nothing more than picking leaves from a poisonous bush. if your'e not uprooting the whole bush, you are doing absolutely nothing NYPD! if its so successful they need to stop and frisk white boys.  petty street crime will never end, the stop n frisks will never prevent anything serious from happening.  but something needs to be done to stop suburban kids from massacring people at work, church, movies, schools, etc..these crimes are far worse than a drug dealer in the hood with a pistol, most likely that would be used on another drug dealer.

For a bitterly satirical look at Stop and Frisk, google The Reasoned Retort, NYPD Defends 'Stop-N-Drop' in Federal Lawsuit..That's why I don't go to NY, those are not police, I rather deal or ask for help from drug addicts, gang members or even murders, they are much nicer people and sometimes more human.

As a black man this is an outrage! I for one will loot and pillage if these cops are not fired!

So I guess the next time someone robs a bank, the police will have to get a signed court order, just to stop someone, and question them.

I am a veteran who have fought for this country. I've seen the best of humanity I've also seen the worst. is clear to me that you people I have no idea what is like to be in asking American male in this great nation of hours. it is clear that none of you have ever been hunted are prosecuted based on the color of your skin or castrated in front of your family. how about being dragged out in front of your family a stomach on a tree and have people pose under your body like it some kind of picnic or something. so you racist people out there to talk all the #$%$ you want if they can do to black people what makes you think they won't do with your people. And this is what the American dream

This is a violation of the 4th amendment.  Today they strip the 4th, tomorrow they take away your guns.

You white people would not last if you had to endure what minorities go through.  Walk in their shoes a mile.  I know of a white person who conducted an experiment by pretending to be a light skin person and quickly turned back to his original color because he couldn't handle it.  He asked"how in the world you do it?"  So you try it.  Thingss are changing now.  The whites will be in the minority one fine day.

hmm, and was this before or after the typical mouthing off rant rave angry constant victim mentality?

Its not the color of your skin its about attitude. These to punks are looking for a fight and to get their 10 Minutes of 'Ive been oppressed by whitey fame'.  Idiots.Call in big Al and Jessie Jackson theirs been some racism going on, oh sorry forget Jessie hes visiting little Jessie in the pokey for be wrongfully convicted of fraud due to his skin color.

Minorities commit more crimes; they are disrespectful to law enforcement. They love to intimidate people and take things that don't belong to them.  It's only when they are questioned by law enforcement when they call foul play. Also, women are as just responsible; they feel emotionally attached to criminals, baby killers, etc. In which case, they pass laws and regulations that allow these atrocities to continue.

WWWAAAHHHHH! they frisked me because i'm black.Most of the stops made by police were of black and Hispanic men.  Well DUH!  Perhaps that's because most of the crime is committed by black and Hispanic men.  HELLO!  These stops aren't about stereotypes.  These stops are about reality.

What the lawyers say makes sense about crimes happening in minority neighborhoods.  But.....everyone knows that some officers are racist and will use the stop and frish to exert their power and authority over minority races because they don't like them.  If they must search them, fine.  But does that give them a right to throw him up against a car and handcuff him?  There's boundaries, police officers, and some actions committed during a stop and frisk veer off into unconstitutional territory.

these lying buttheads are going to continue to make #$%$ up about how they have been victimized &amp; sooner or later the south will rise again.

funny, the same racists on here saying that people shouldnt have 4th amendment rights against unreasonable searches are the same ones crying that the government is trying to take away their 2nd amendment rights with background checks.

Any cop that stops and frisks an innocent citizen should be tasered in the balls...

What can u expext when the entire NY is ran by italians and jews if u ever lived in ny u know thats true in bensonhurst if you are not italian you better not let 6 pm catch u over there!!!!!look on eastern pkwy where some of the jews live u will always find a few cops !!!! in other parts of crown heights try calling for a cop late at night and see how long it takes and how long they stay!!!!!if u call on someone breaking into a car at night they will come put on there lights sound they sirens and leave without even getting out of they car !!! the cops in ny are a big joke

by God...at least bloomyburg is working hard to stop the terrible large soda crisis

May God bless ALL of you sane people, that KNOW that this is absolutely wrong. Again, being from NY, i don't understand HOW NYPD escaped getting camera's in their cars, while all other state have?!?! This is one of the MANY reasons why they get away with this type of B.S.!

the only way a black person will get the kind of respect in america is leave it and go to another country where they don't have this big guilt trip adout keeping the black race down here in america trust me there are plenty of countries that even look at the color of your skin, except the pooor white trash thats trying to blame their down fall on the blacks here in america.