Amazing that this plain little bowl has knocked around for 1000 years, no telling where, and shows up worth a bundle.  Some people have all the luck.  And some sell a 2 million dollar bowl for three dollars.

Yeah but who decides it's value? I honestly don't think a bowl is worth more than 3 bucks.

Now THAT'S a good return on your investment!

IMAGINE how the person feels who sees that picture of that unmistakeable bowl decoration AND realizes they were the ones who sold it for $3.00.Probalby marked it down as it was staining a bit and the lip had some fine cracks in it.

Some guys have all the luck.

The Chinese who now have money will pay big bucks to get back chinese artifacts. Wish it were me that found it.

Have one just like it. Water bowl for my dog.

Sure doesn't look like much. I have one I'll let go for $500, says Cool Whip on the side.

Now I'm sorry I sold that bowl for $3 at that tag sale.

and yet it is still a bowl. Too valuable to even use so, what is it really worth? It has been around for a while but will eventually break and then what? $2.2million Dollars. So much help to people who need it could have purchased 5 million bowls for needy people. Or 4 million bowls filled with rice. Such a waste.

Geez Louise! I have to start hanging out at tag sales!I've got to wonder how many folks owned that bowl over 1000 years!

I have been eating cereal out of mine.

I heard Sotheby's thew in a pack of Shrimp Flavored Instant Ramen noodles. Now THAT's a deal!

Why don't I find $2 million dollar candy bowls at garage sales for $3?  Some people are just really lucky I guess. Just image though some elderly couple with  2 year old hard candy sitting in a priceless 1000 year old Chinese dish on a lace doily , that was bought for $3 at a yard sale. It blows your mind.

I saw a bowl that looked like that at a dollar store.

Nothing like that ever happens to me.  :(

Who's the sap that bought it?

White Confucius say:Old China man make 1 bowl last 1,000 years.Today China man make 1,000 bowls last year each.

We can't even list a bowl or ceramics with nicks and chips on Ebay. They won't sell.

Dear buyer, I have a 1,000 year old box of Wheaties for sale, asking 50 grand.My luck, the cat would have knocked it of the shelf and broke it.

Wow that bowl does not look a day over 20 years old.

Over priced punch bowl.. Will be great full of m&amp;m's...

It must be Chinese. It clearly says, "Hecho in China" on the bottom!

I have to give that person credit. I once paid $2.2 million for a rare Chinese bowl at a tag sale and when I got it appraised found out it was only worth $3.

To think it held mashed potatoes for years at grandma's house and drunk uncle Harry, never knocked it over and broke it. :)

I've actually got a green bowl kind of like that is over a thousand years old and made in China and just had it looked at when the Antique Road Show came to Houston and I was quite happy to find it's worth about 300-500 dollars. I can't imagine 2 million. That's pretty awesome!

And I Thought finding a Pearl Sterling Silver broach mixed in with junk jewelry at a yard sale was a great find. Lucky seller.

Awesome! I wish I had an eye for these things. I did once and I was not brave to stop and ask about it. Later found out someone else did and sold it for a hefty price....

Does it say "Made in China" on the bottom?Not very pretty, my Mother would have thrown it away too !!

I would like to try it out first..rice krispies and bananas please...then we can talk.

I wonder if my tony the tiger would taste better in a 2 + million $ bowl ?

There's a whole warehouse full of them in Beijing ......... $1.60 each.

And it was made even before corn flakes  !!

Its not what it looks like, its what the suckers will pay for it.

Does it say "Made in China"  on the bottom...

Why can't I ever snag 1000 year old stuff??

a 1000 years ago it was a common as your walmart dish set

That same bowl would have sold for $2,225,004.95 if it was filled with Shrimp Fried RiceDayyyyaaam! How much was the hot n sour soup?

I found 6 bucks in my jacket pocket this morning and I was thrilled.

How come I cannot find great buys like that at the Flea Market?

Some people just have to much money and don't know what to do with it....

(Drops bowl onto floor and shatters it.)  "Oh, #$%$."

They must have built things better back then,everything I have that was made in china falls apart if you just look at it!

Bowl ! ....It's true I tell you.WOW I wonder how it came to get where it was.The story it could tell if it could talk.

Hopefully, the seller sent a little more money to the poor sap that sold it for $3.00.

Blow the man down

I lost that - give it backwhat is a tag sale? and why don't i ever find anything like that?

Wow! Something made in china is actually worth millions?! shocker lol.

Bought it at a tag sale?  Sure.  Antiquities laundering more like it.

What an easy and nice way to become rich.

The headline made me hungry!

Is it not great that some idiot who has $2.2 Million to spend on a bowl just gave it to guy shopping at flea markets?

Now you know where some of the money goes that the banksters have stolen.

I am going to invest on Chinese treasures.

I guess every thing made in China is not cheap.This is a classic case of someone with more money than brains!

Storage auction buyer didn't know what he had ,probably.have one just like it...do you think the super glue and soy sauce stains will enhance the value?

$2.22 million for a used bowl? Heck you can buy a whole set at the store for $10.95, $8.50 with coupon…

hope I'm worth 2.2 million when I'm a 1000 years old...

Is that lead paint?

I need to go take a second look at the bowls that I`ve been eating cereal out of.

Yep, that never happens to me... that's for sure.

hmmm. I wonder why this bowl isn't sitting on display in a chinese museam somewhere

Good thing it wasn't of Spanish origin, or the Spanish government would have demanded it back.

We do not have "tag sales" in our area (wish we did) but there are yard sales and "Flea Markets".  Could someone tell me the difference?  No, I am not dumb, but I have never been to one,!!!

A beautiful bowl in great shape for 1000 yrs old.How did they know it's 1000 years old? They cult the bowl in half, then counted the ring amrks, then glued them again.

EUREKA!!

It is amazing to me that this exquisite piece of porcelain has survived for a 1,000 years and is still intact!  Most "china" barely hangs around for 100 years!  What a treasure!

Good job. Only the lucky ones

I bet it was originally a bed pan.

Good thin they didn't take it to Pawn Stars in Vegas, they'd have given them 2 bucks for it!  BUT, it is nice to know that there's still stuff out there that's valuable!  "Sweet Pickin!"

I think China is sandbagging... they can make a bowl that lasts 1000 years but when i buy something made in china its broken in 10 min.

Other than the fact that it is rare, why exactly is it worth 2.2 million dollars?

Great story. But what I really want to know is how something 1000 years old and made on the other side of the world ends up in a New York tag sale.

and the taxman is licking his chops3 bucks was too much, 2 tops.

how do you know the bowl wasn't smuggled out instead?

SOME IDIOT HAS MORE MONEY THAN SENSE   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Some fool has too much money to burn.

It's not worth anything til you sell it - some poor fools out $2.2 mil.

I bet the IRS is salivating, and Uncle Barry is just wringing his hands like mad at this news!!

I wonder how you feel when eating cereal out of it.

Was there rice still in it ?

Wait for it...............................................LAWSUIT!

I have one of those, use it as a toilet...I wipe my heinie with $100 bills too.I have one of those, use it as a toilet...I wipe my heinie with $100 bills too.

Bet that just bowled that person over...

Redefines ROI.

I made this cool looking bowl in 5th grade.  Anyone want to buy it for $3?  It even says "Made in the USA" on the bottom.

Why would anyone pay even $3 for it?  It's not even new.  It's a cereal bowl.  Get over it.  lol

Wish I was that lucky...

Wow that's Jingdezhen porcelain. Specialization of labor occured during the Song dynasty, including the production of paper, porcelain, and other things. It can be said that Jingdezhen porcelain was truely the first global brand, as it was a must have (and still is) for monarchs and people in power all over the world. Pieces like these fetch millions.

I sure don't know how you would ever even think that the bowl pictured above is anything close to a 1,000 yr-old Chinese bowl.  Mind-boggling.

Rare things are just getting harder to find these days.

So,he got it for a "Song"because it had a "Ding"?1,000 years? Wow that's about one sixth of the age of the Earth, according to Marco Rubio, Michelle Bachman, and Sarah Palin.

Say what you want, they paid 3 bucks for a 2.225 million dollar bowl. Congrats!!!!

Is that a haircut bowl or an eating bowl ?

Come on 2.2 million for a bowl made in China. It was made in China people,am I missing something here?

Its a Lambowlginie Contract.

total waste of money

Now it will sell for 25million or more !

When I see "made in china", I Would not pay $ 3.00 for it.

You know what you call the person who bought that for $3 and sold it for $2.225 million?  A new Republican.  He'll quickly learn that he's going to have to give 28% plus to the government.  Do you realize that over half a million dollars of that goes to the government?  If he's a true liberal he'll roll over, wet on himself and pay Uncle for the privilege of trading in America, so Obama can give it away to the takers.

I got one of them. Just send me money  and i will send you a copy. Er one.I am sorry but that is one ugly bowl...for 2 million dollars plus, mine would have to have some gold and jewels attached to it before I would shell out that kind of money...I don't care how old it is...

If North Korea nukes China by accident, will all our goods made in China become valuable!!!!

I'm wondering how my great grandmothers bowl got into a tag sale?

Bowls are in the eyes of the beholder that looketh under my mini on an escalator.

Made in China?  It should sell for under $10.00. lol

I don't think it looks worth 3 bucks.  Shows ya what I know.

My last name is Song.  Can I get my ancestor's bowl back?

Her in Asia, lots of fake ceramics have made it into our museums...getting past all the experts...I suspect this is another one.

That's a thousand year old bowl? Amazing! If I saw it I would have thought it was some kid's art deco project.

A fool and his money are soon parted!whoever bought it for 2.2 got ripped off....

thass a bunch of bowlshit

when your glass runs empty sell your bowl

I suspect it's valued so high because it was the only thing made in China without lead in it.

If you see a ribbon make sure to thumbs down that nerd!

PERFECT for wonton soup!

If you turn the bowel upside down you will see a sticker that says: made in China. I have some of those in my house. Anyone interested?

What a foolish buyer that was to have paid $2.2 million for the bowl. You can get a set of 8 of those very same bowls at Cosco for only $19.95.

How do they really know?  Carbon fourteen couldn't be done on it.

Pay 2.225 million for something that is totally useless, and infinite ways to spend money in a more productive way. Enjoy it.Ive got a bunch of #$%$ at home made in china, can I sell them too for 2.22 million each?

ill give you 20 bucks for it

If the seller is in the US,or has a social, Obama will invite them to the White House for dinner.  "Thank you for contributing to our public official's salaries, pensions, and healthcare!"  We'll just take 50%.

What the #$%$ is a Tag Sale???

What a great return of investment!  From $3 to $2.2 million!

The Chinese goverment probably has 10 s of thousandsw of them.

Ok this item just made 2.2 million dollars in New YorkCity. Now figure how much city, state and federal income tax the seller owes. He gets away with way less than a million dollars.

I thought it was over priced at $3.00. its a bowl

That's the deal!

a fool and his money are soon parted...One man's junk is another man's treasure.  Good on the seller to find out the origins of the bowl.

I guess some things made in China arent #$%$

HA, HA

I'll be keeping my eyes open for the rest of the set!

Someone likely ate their raisins bran in it over the last few decades

Bet there is someone with 3 bucks in their wallet kicking themselves.......repeatedly.....hard!!

What's really funny is, until people realized that this was an ancient relic, it wasn't worth anything.

china has millions of these stash away somewhere. at the opportune moment. they'll release one or two to make some quick bucks off these #$%$ idiot american.

I used to have 2 of these. Used one to give my son haircuts. Another we used for a dogie dish.

The devil would whitewash anything.It was free in a box of detergent at a Chinese laundry 1000 years ago...

What the heck is a tag sale?

Only a fool would spend that kind of money for an old bowl, what does it realy represent. I would love to see someone drop it.

I going straight to my local second-hand stores!  ==

Ancient Chinese proverb writing on the bowl say, "I'm coo coo for cocoa puffs!"

goodness!! Can buy a house in the Hollywood hills!

But does your cereal taste any better?

...could use it for a crude Chinese-look haircut...

democrats are watering at the mouth, they get capital gains tax on that!

10 years ago, I bought a greenish brown china bowl with white crane engrave from garage sale. I have been using it for the doggy's water bowl.10 years ago, I bought a greenish brown china bowl with white crane engrave from garage sale. I have been using it for the doggy's water bowl.

Everything I've found at a tag sale is worth less than I paid for it.

I wonder if it's ever been through the dishwasher...  ooops

welcome to the new math.

it may not look like much, but do you know how old that bowl is? the northern song dynasty was from 960-1127 A.D. it's the craftsmanship from that time period plus its rarity that make it valuable. stuff wasn't just 'manufactured' like it is today.

;All lI can say is HOLY #$%$!!!!!

Wow, I should check all the junk i have in my garage!

I'll have one please.

Just shows some people have WAY to much money.2.2 Million for a bowl that is ...well....just a bowl.

I suppose I don't get it, because $3 seems a bit overpriced...Almost everything I own, is made in China,  will have to start taking this junk seriously

Rich people buying expensive garbage.

What's so rare about a 1000 yr. old bowl from China? I bet half the poor people in China have one.

Holly   Chopsticks !  Back then you could  buy China for 2 mil.   !!!!!!

I gave up on selling stuff through yard or tag sales. People are so bold and cheap anymore and some are downright obnoxious. If you have an item listed for a quarter, they will still try to haggle. I also learned to keep lots of change because they will give you a Twenty to buy that quarter item hoping that you'd rather just give it to them than make change. they will also insult your items so that you lower the price.

but in chinathere are 1.2 million such bowls all over the country

Gonna get me some bowls.

No M&amp;M's?

the best i ever have done at a tag sale is i paid 10 for item worth 10

I never have the luck like this. I can not find whale vomit either. Oh well.I wonder if it say "made in China"

pawn stars would of given the guy $20

Curiosity is a good thing.  I would never had guessed by just looking at it.

I wonder if he put bar nuts in it?

Lucky bet for $3. But try as I may, I don't see much artistic value in this piece; rare it may be but paying millions for it seems obscene.

watch the folks who sold it at the tag sale at a profit of $3 now hire a lawyer and sue the new owners ..

In Islam, we were thought to  pray hard after we working hard and God will grant us the luck from unexpected sources. This is one of the sample case.

It was probably my Father that got rid of it, he never could see why people would keep anything that was old, He once had two 65 Mustangs and called the junk dealer to get rid of them. And thought the Junk Man was an Idiot for offering 6,000 each.

If only this bowl could speak of the many persons that were able to eat from it.  It would make a good movie in the lives of many through the centuries, their families, wars, dress styles and how it was carried to another country and by whom.

There ya go... one mans loss is another mans fortune.How much rice do you think that thing will hold?

I be kicking myself in the #$%$ if I was to sell something that is worth MILLIONS,to think the people who sold the bowl were probably selling #$%$ they didn't need.  Peace

To bad it didn't go back to China just to prove it was only worth 3 dollors.

hey Yahoo, you think we believed with what you have written? It looks more like a hoax than 1000 year old looking bowl.

I don't believe the story at all, the whole thing was probably just made up so more people will go to garage sales and buy junk because the economy is so bad... think about it

I have an old handkerchief that Elvis blew his nose on.  I wonder what I could auction that for?

trolls can't make clever comments

Stupid #$%$! Next please.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Ambassador~

i really have no idea why old items are bought for millions or become so precious

I have all kinds of junk, where do I take it to get appraised.We have more than that in China, We have your $5.4 Trillian dollar debt now...

me never paid no attention to them chow mein bowls before......

My husband gives me heck for the things I have put away in totes in our shop...told him I bet he wished he had a lot of those things he had when he was a kid that we see selling for $$$, and I will keep my stuff in my totes.....never know!

I bet whoever sold it is gunna feel pretty stupid when they see this...

i once owned this bowl

&lt;---- Buys Potters Wheel And Starts making Bowls.

It's amazing that this bowl is actually a 1000 years old. It looks good and seems "modern" to me. What a craftsmanship!

If I were the owner, I'd buy a hammer made in the USA and smash this overpriced Chinese piece of junk. It probably contains lead, so it's better to dispose of it.

I love tag sales, maybe I will get luckymy prayers or going up

I'm sold, will be going to yard and tag sales.man that is just as ugly as the last one I smashed on the ground

See now if that happened to me I'd go back and pay that auction place $100,000 for the great deal they gave me. Appreciation people!!!

I would like to put some Cheerios in it.

I wonder if it says "Made in China" on the bottom.

Thats alot to pay just to chow on some rice

So much for a poor economy. Someone has too much money.

Of course a London dealer purchased the bowl, the Chinese are too smart and cheap to pay that much.

This bowl belonged to ancient Chinese barber.

well, garage and estate sales are popping up like the jonquils, so maybe there's a treasure out there!  Amazing return on $3.00!!!

Instructions on bottom of bowl read: Place on head, cut any visible hair.Same type of bowl used for centuries by Chinese for their haircuts.

You are right!  It would have to have a few large diamonds attached before I would toss out a few dollars for some thing like this.

Maybe it's time to start poppin' tags at some yard sales ...

Bet the tag seller sues !!!!!!!!!!!!!

gee, I have a morning cereal bowl just like this

What the article failed to mention was the bowl itself contributed only about $3.95 of the total price.  The remainder was attributed to the 1000 year old rice and the fortune cookie that was still in it.  Rumor has it that the little paper fortune said "He who start buying US Treasuries is smart man"

And at the bottom says.. Made in China

how much would it have been worth with out the cracks

I think I ate Wonton soup out of that.... at Chungs Chinese....That's where I stole the silverware

it would have been a soup/cereal bowl 4 me but thats better than hitting the lottery twice whats the odds of this happening i mean 3.00$-2.225m but its more hidden treasures like this hope i find 1Investment of all times

Bowling.

Don't trip, going to the Bank!

Golly, I thru two of those away last week.

I have one just like it.  bought it at dollar general in cleveland.  gonna buy 10 more and retire!