Anyone that thinks the gov. will stop there is sadly mistaken.  The only way they are going to be able to tax the so called rich is to lock down all accounts until the bill passes, because if I was there and found they were going to tax me I would move all my money elsewhere and that is what you will see in Cyprus.  Our gov is no better as they would like nothing better than to screw over the citizens of this country in a similar manner.  Can you imagine the money they could blow if they had all the savings of everyone tied up.. that is what they are aiming for and guess what they would not pay off the debt but would spend it on worthless people and pursuits,, time for an american revolution against tyranny

OMG there gonna pull an OBAMA !

Can't keep the banks closed forever...my mattress is waiting.

they cant pay back the money they already borrowed. so these brilliant politicians want to seize bank accounts so they can raise enough money that the eu will loan them more money.if they couldnt pay what they already owe how are they going to pay back this money borrowed from the imf?i guess they will just steal more money.

This is a wake up call to everyone in this country!  GET YOUR MONEY OUT OF LARGE BANKS NOW!  Put it in small banks, stock up on basic food, water, booze, energy needs and defensive devices.  Get out of large cities, they will have the most carnage and death.Its coming to America so be prepared.  Oh, and if your a liberal politician, you will hang!

The reason foreign money from Russia or anywhere else are in these accounts, in the first place, is to avoid paying taxes in their home countries. Ironic the solution is to tax the accounts to avoid bankruptcy.

Yep this is how the left sells things.  We will only take it from the wealthy and the poor agree.  Problem is there is not enough that can be taken from the wealthy and they will be back to take it from the poor.You socialists are suckers.

Aaay yes, there is the never failing "Screw the Rich" plan on the left. Knew it would be there somewhere

Whether by the government or crooks.....stealing is stealing and this is stealing!

This is confiscation of private property by a government with out of control spending and welfare programs.  This is what happens with socialism........you DO run out of other people's money!Saw an interview on Fox yesterday with Asner and a (literally) green haired woman named Arin.  She said that the confiscation of private money ... aka: private property.... was a good thing to do as "it was just sitting there not helping anyone".  Typical socialist reaction when Mr Asner pointed out that this was confiscation of private property&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;she looked like a deer in the head lights.  Totally surprised that someone would not think this is the just and right thing to do.And by the way, this is exactly what Jesse Jackson thinks should be done here.Watch what happens when they try..........run on the banks.Stealing is stealing no matter who you do it to. Thats for all you Democrats who are " Progressives".

does obama control cyprus too?

Let the carnage begin!  Then the meltdown, the high inflation, the food lines, rioting in the streets, killings everywhere then we get to go to McRatmeat for lunch.

As usual, tax the rich to pay for gov. overspending on the poor.  Sound familiar?

How about the government seize all assets of Bank employees (rank of Manager and higher) and sell those assets to pay down debt, then revisit the tax on depositors? Make sure you find the hidden assets offshore of those in top, top positions.

It will be here in the USA before long. Just watch.

All I can say is God bless us all!

imf chief doesnt have a slightest clue how big the money problemmmmmm

How naive.. they think people are going to leave their money in the banks after Thursday.  Democrats in the US are looking to see if that would work here I bet!

obamas and the lefts plan for america...!!!!!!!!!