This happened right next to us at Fort Bragg. I thought they had dropped a mortar down the tube on top of one that hadn't fired. There were more than one mortar in the pit. Very gruesome. We were lucky to be over behind our Sheridan tank.

It is safe to say this is not supposed to ever, never, ever happen. Someone humped the pooch big time.

i wonder if there was a 2nd morter in the tube?

This shouldn't happen, ever. Mortars are not some new hi-tech equipment, they've been around forever in the same basic form. But even million-to-one odds will happen sometime.Condolences to the families. These Marines died in the line of duty, since part of their duty was to undergo training. Semper Fi.

MacGubber!

Mortar rounds  PDF's have essentailly not changed Since WWII, I bet one dolar to a doughnut somebody was clowning around with the bore riding pin ...the pin came out before it was dropped down the tube...with the bore riding pin gone, inertia upon firing will detonate a round in the bore

If it wasn't the pin, they'll be pulling the batch numbers and talking to the people that made every part of that round. With the current state of affairs in our country somebody may have sabotaged a round.

The mortar was probably manufactured in Red China.

Uh, I think there is more to this than what the Marine Corps is letting on !!!

What a terrible tragedy!  My heart goes out to the family and to their friends.I bet GAVIN has the correct guess.  The XM179 Point Detonating Fuse has a bore riding pin that prevents the firing pin from striking the fuse due to inertia during firing.  If the bore riding pin is missing, the round will explode in the tube.

Prayers to the families of the Marine's killed and injured..very sad...

This reminds of an incident about twenty years ago when a cordite charge went off inside the turret of one of our battle ships. Being in the military is very dangerous because of the nature of what they do and we should hav e a lot of respect for the people who are willing to do it. We should all think about that next memorial day in between the beer and the hamburgers.

That is a high number of casualties.  Seven dead and seven wounded.  Back in the day the USA army had three man crews for 81 mm mortars.  A properly set up weapon fired from a deep pit (minimum of three feet if time permitted). Not only to protect the crew from incoming but to protect your own troops from accidents such as this.  My scariest moment with an 81 mm was with a hang fire. Dropped the round and it didn't fire.  Had to VERY carefully pick up the tube and put the muzzle over the edge of our sandbagged pit and gently shake the tube until the round slid out. It lay there for a week until EOD came by our site. They retrieved the round, told us it looked safe, but they took it with them.

That's pretty funny. "Fighting for our Freedoms" right ?  I can't smoke at the beach or at the park, can't own more than 4 cats in Wellington, can't buy an AR-15 in NYS, and Bloomberg doesn't wanna let me buy a large soda... Keep fighting for our FREEDOMS boys !

Say a prayer to which ever God you worship for the dead, injured and their families. It's also been 10 years ago to the day the war in Afganistan began, say one for those involved across the miles, as well.

12:00am Orlando Florida, UCF campus; 10:00pm North Carolina, Camp LeJeune??

Not the first time this happen and wont be the last. Protecting the country is a dangerous job. A pd fuse should not  fuction as a result of firing but the Corp did not release the shell/fuse that was being used. It is possible that the tube itself failed. Yes, they are checking lot numbers to reference similar accidents. Sometimes, a hairline fracture in a tube will cause it to fail. Next, time someone demand their rights under the constitution, should also acknowledge that freedom isn't free.