Attitude adjustment time is coming for this young punk.

@ T Right new lover with arms the size of stove pipes. I have two friends who were in. Just ask them.

Lets see how tough he is in prison.

in prison,he will have the word "WIFE" written on his shirt !

Disgusting little puke.

Another Taxpayers Burden that should be put to sleep !

General population in prison will wipe that smirk right off of his ugly face.

What is the sense in giving a person more than one life sentence with out the possibility for parole. How much are we going to be paying in taxes for this murder to spend the next 50, 60, 70 years in prison. And for what because he was to young to be excuted but yet he was not to young to kill three inocent people for no reason.

Too bad he doesn't have but one life to live.

Three life sentences. What are they going to do when he dies, bring him back to serve the others? Why waist hundreds of thousands of dollars on people like this. Give them what they gave! That's what they deserve.

Have a feeling, his smirk will quickly come off his face when bobo says hi....Another example of one sick puppy affecting the way the rest of us live.

A .45 bullet is a hell of a lot cheaper and would serve us all better.

If there's any justice, he'll get put in gen pop.

I wish him a long life of pain and bending over for the pleasure of other inmates

Guns are not the problem...unparented kids like this are the problem...

Execution would be better and cheaper.

Go interview Mr Smarty Artie in 12 months. I will bet everything I owe his attitude will be different.

What a waste. Hang him.

I am a baby boomer, and things like this NEVER happened anywhere, when I was a kid.  The only thing close, is the guy shooting from the clock tower at a university in Texas.  He was found to have a brain tumor though. What is the difference in parenting today?  Why are we procreating such monsters?  I can see the changes, but today's parents would never agree with me.  What does it take, for people to wake up?

I am not often REALLY SHOCKED and as a senior think I have just about seen and heard it all, but this sent chills down my spine that I will never forget.  I watched him on the news as he walked into court, slowly unbuttoned his shirt revealing KILLER across the front of it.  He then turned to the family of his victims with expletive remarks (that were censored until I just read them), with his middle finger pointed at them and smiling with cold contempt.  OMG OMG OMG....If this is not EVIL, there is no such thing.  A 17 year old psychopathic killer straight from the BELLY OF THE BEAST.  I support the death penalty for the worst of the worst and in my dumbness thought if he does get life in prison he might see the light...HELL, so much that dumbness.  He should have received the death penalty regardless of his age.  With any luck he will be another Jeff Dahmer statistic by another psychopath.  I am just outdone!  HELP US!I'm surprised his own family members were even there.  What a pathetic excuse of a human being.  The "in your face" attitude is mind numbing.  I would find it nearly impossible to claim that piece of garbage as family.

A poster child for capital punishment. Someone like this will not EVER be productive member of society and will be nothing more than a drain on tax payer money and more than likely cause problems in prison.

Don't worry people , this little snot will be sporting a t-shirt that says bottoms up once he gets into general population,  in no time he's gonna be somebody#$%$, and then will see that  smirk disappear.

That a boy, you showed them. Now go take a shower with Bubba the rest of your life.

I am a little tired of excuses being made for these people.  I don't believe that all killers have mental "problems".  Some people are just plain evil.

Its alright to admit to mistakes. If you correct them, one hanging at a time.

Hopefully, he'll be killed in prison ... very soon.

Well the Joint is a bad place to be and my little man here has a long time to think it over and what he has coming I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy but he certainly deserves every minute of it.

what is wrong with the judge?????????? He should have made this monster remove his tee shirt instead of having him parade around with the words KILLER. we all know what he is.... is this another 1st amendment rights under freedom of speech or what???????? Shame on you judge whoever you are to allow this.... You should be dissbared for your actions... Shame, shame, shame on you

But they told us .." If properly medicated, the insane pose no threat to society..".When are were going to tell this psedo-phyciatrist that we know their just guessing ?Bring Back old sparky and use it when neccessary within three years, like we use to..Made one he!! of a deterrant back thin, just like our deterrants that kept us safe during the cold war..Bring back the Death Penalty.

Trash is trash, no matter the color of it.

How much you wanna bet those court guards gave this punk a tune-up on the way back to lock-up?

Life on outside (_|_)      Life in Prison (_O_)

At one point, he swiveled around in his chair toward the gallery where his own family members and those of the slain teenagers were sitting. He spoke only one sentence."The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said, then cursed at and gestured obscenely toward the victims' relatives.he deserved MORE than what he got ! how pathetic &amp; twisted he is !

Once he is sold for a pack of cigarettes, he will fully realize the gravity of his decisions.

He might weigh 140lbs, in prison he will be a pet.

You won't be SMIRKING for LONG smuck. You made it to the big time.Good luck with that .....good ridance !

Soon to be a changed man.

Why was this POS not condemned to die?  Our system of justice is broken.Ah, if only we could do something with people like this. Too bad we, in our compassion, did away with the death penalty.

The tshirt, the "masturbating" comment, all point to the FACT that he enjoyed this, and knows what he did.  Knew who he killed.  And WHY.  NOT crazy, just a killer.  Twenty-two cents can take care of this one, in less than a second.

This is the kind of case suitable for the death penalty. Soul-less evil, no hope of rehabilitation, remorseless. A needle in 30 days would serve justice better, unfortunately.

They should play that loop in prision over and over, for some very large inmates who actually have kids. That would be appropriate.

Sounds like he is trying to get incarcerated in a mental hospital, rather than a prision. Hope the judge doesen't fall for this display. He should be put down like a sick dog.

He's got a purdy mouth

This will be his Last shot at being Cocky, from now on, well he will be a scared little boy who is going to find out what being on the receiving end of Evil is really like.

Vicious and evil person. Should have given him death...

His next t shirt is going to say......bend over....

I don't normally say things like this but this guy needs to be put down like a rabid dog.  The murders were bad enough but to layer on his vitriolic spewing of hate is just beyond belief.Why should they feed, clothe, and doctor this POS for the next 60 or 70 years?  Why don't one of you touchy-feelys take him home with you and "rehabilitate" him?

Let's see how far his "Killer" rep goes in prison.  My guess he will be called "kiss assess" after the Bubba's get hold of him..

Let's hope some prisoners give him the death penalty he so deserves. I'd donate to a PayPal account to insure it.

I do not support 'rape' but I hope he is a cell mate to the biggest, blackest, most well endowed inmate and when he is finally moved to another cell after the guards give into his pleas and wimpers, I hope the next cell mate is the most 'rednecked' hillbilly Aryan Brotherhood honkey tonk biker who is'ultra-turbo#$%$' for young white boys

What an #$%$. His parents must be proud of this social misfit. Too bad he didn't get the death penalty. He's a worthless piece of excrement. We'll see just how smart #$%$ this kid is when the boys in the state prison get a hold of him. He'll be crying for his momma.

Sheeran why don't you tell the truth?  Alternative school isn't for kids who haven't done well in traditional schools, it's for the morons who can't follow the rules, those who threaten staff and other children.  It's for the kids who can't be sent to prison yet.  It's for the dregs who have no business in school, but society won't admit that some people need to be put in cages or exterminated.

age shouldn't be a factor for capital punishment...it should  be solely based on the crime

He should be permanently removed from the gene pool!

The judge said i will give you gas, and someone in the jury yelled no! stick electricityup his ash. But on a more serious note, if the kid is screwed up enough in the brains toto committe such an act, it speaks volumes about a runaway society.

What kind of parents raised (or didn't raise) this horrible little monster?Should be taken to a hospital and parted out.  Might save some lives.

Should be hanged.

Oh, he's a real tough guy. Wait til his first week in prison and he gets his first boyfriend.

Of course, many will say, that no one who acts this way is sane and must be treated.  Maybe so.  But it's not worth the time to think about it.  You find evil, you destroy it.  End of story.

In prison that smirk smile will soon be gone when the inmates get hold of him

He wont be so tough when he gets to jail and becomes somebodys #$%$..

that little sissy wimp coward?  Well, he will find out when he gets into gen pop in prison now won't he?  they will knock that smirky smile off of his face within a couple days.  He is going to have to be the girlfriend of the biggest guy in prison in order to survive.

The best justice would be to immediately pull him out of court for a recess and let him have a meeting with the fathers of the slain boys. The timing would have been about 10 seconds after his comment. Ooops, the guard has to go to the bathroom, and ohhh, snap. We just left you in a room with no cameras. Come on now killer, you weigh all about a buck 25. Here is some sweet vengeance for you.......

Why do we spend the money to feed and provide housing for these types of criminals?  Quick and humane death penalty to prevent this from happening again.  If our penalty is too light there is no deturant for the next T.J.

Where is CNN now?? Do they feel bad for this guy? He is 18...oh that's right, he did not apologize !  Enough already...this guy is also guilty along with being a cold blooded killer... and now we have to pay for his food and shelter the rest of his life, in an enviroment that he will probably thrive in... Three boys dead and this guy gets to live.Is Ohio taking lessons on crazy from Colorado?

Should get the death penalty

What  the  hell  is  wrong  with  these   judges  he  shold  have  been   taken   right out  and  shot     case  closed a  ten  cent   bullet  will  do  the  job   isnt  it   funny   you  can   kill   a unborn     and  let  #$%$  like  this  live   wake  up   judges   do  your   job

Maybe a good Law Enforcement group can see to it that he slips in the shower, and knocks his brains out. This P.O.S will cost Tax Payers millions. Maybe air drop him into Afghanistan and let the Taliban play with him.

they'll have fun with this clown when he gets in the wall. Don't worry family members, they will FIX HIS #$%$.

There is no reason this guy should even be alive.  Put a bullet in his head and save the tax payers hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Inmates love the feel of a young browneye.

The first time this young man is raped in prison, the smirk will instantly fade away from his cocky face...

When you look too deep into the abyss, the abyss stares back.

if he gets 3 life sentences, wouldnt it make more sense to put him to death? the justice system doesnt make sense anymore.I've seen his kind before, when he gets to Max, he is not going to be smiling.  All he has seen so far is County Jails, Maximum Security Prison is a whole nother animal.  He will get all he deserves. He is going to have to deal with the Guards who will not tolerate his attitude and the other inmates who can not wait to get a piece of him.

he will soon find out he's not as tough as he thinks

Blame social engineering for this monster.

It's evident that any gun control laws should be targeted at people below the age of 25 and a background check of them on any social sites for behavior patterns.

He will always be a burden on society-in prison or out-hope he feels pain the rest of his life.

Don't believe the tough guy kiss my butt attitude this kid has.Like a lot of young people he doesn't know what his reality is yet. He will find out soon enough, then he will humble a bit.

The little sh(it) won't be smiling when big Bubba starts making him his love interest.

I agree with Sheila, I too am a baby boomer and never saw anything like this growing up and I do remember the shooting from the clock tower at the university of Texas. We never would have even thought of doing some of the things kids are doing today. What is happening to our young people when they go off the deep end like this? This low-life doesn't even know why he did it? This guy really deserved the death penalty!

He's going to loose that tough guy attitude after his first 48 hrs in prison.

Demonic possession.What a pity we don't have good old-fashioned dungeons and chains and things.  I think 85 years chained to the wall in a deep hole would be quite nice....

Maybe the inmates will kill him just one time.

He should have had a t-shirt that said "LOOSER"... It would have been more appropriate.

No conscience. Scary.

Ever have the feeling that his life in prison will be short?

Bubba and company are going to like this sweet little boy

So now we get to feed and house him for the rest of his life ?We really need to use the death penalty more often !

Instead of outlawing guns why not outlaw mentally ill people?

And you all still believe the gun was the problem?

Yep, keep coddling the children and giving them medals for showing up.  No chores, No discipline, No responsibility.  Poor babies.You get what you give.now 70 years of free food, medical and housing and countless reviews by lawyers brought to you buy people too scared to kill this idiot.  The 22 he used to kill the 2 innocents would do just fine and all for less than a dollar

He won't be running his mouth when the big boys get a hold of his #$%$,literally,in jail.

Why do you think kids today are not held accountable for their actions?  You think it may have something to do with them watching every politician, criminal etc. get off scottfree for bloody murder???  People including our youth are NOT concerned with being punished because no one gets punished anymore!

Something failed with this kid?

Good morning sweet thang.

i wonder if his smart mouth attitude has anything to do with drugs being given to him for his mental issues? i say stop getting him high and i bet what he has done and lost will sink in?

He should immediately be hung from the nearest tree.

Whats Black and comes in a little white can?T.J. Lane is about to find out...

Smug punk has a world of hurt heading his way in prison.

This kid is clueless.....what is instore for him in prison is unspeakable......He will learn very quickly to regret his smug attitude.......I'm not sure he is strong enough, as he thinks he is, to handle what is coming.The smile will be wiped out as soon as Bubba gets a hold of his (a)ss.

i would have told killer after his little juvenile scene. hey killer there going to like you in prison. need me to send you up some lipstick

When he gets to prison,he will wish he had never been born, The place where he is going holds   ohio;s worst of the worst and you can bee sure every day will be a living hell

This might sound extreme, but maybe extreme is what this country needs to change course.*This punk should have been hanging from a tree in the public square within an hour of his crime. Ten people would learn that there is accountability.

I knew a ex-con. He said punks like this were typically gang raped within the first few weeks of being in. They will put him in solitary where he can walk down memory lane with his trigger hand for 23 hrs a day for the next 70 years....buh bye!

What kind of children are we raising in this country?  What a fantastic system we have, we teach all kinds of sex and tolerance but no moral values. If we taught morals, I think everthing else would work out.

This young man should have been shot at a firing line for what he did. Instead our society gives him 3 lifetime sentences. (How scary) to a guy who does not care. Now the tax payers will feed him, cloth him, give him all the medical care he is going to need for the rest of his life.Since our legal system is failing us no wonder people are flocking to buy guns to defend themselves. Criminals are armed and they don't care and they know the legal system will coddle them if caught.

See how cocky he is in prison!

someone will make him pay when he gets to prison

Thatb scrawny little punk will not last long where he is going.He should get three minutes alone with several of the victims' relatives in a closed, sound proof room with no video feed.  However he comes out (if he comes out) is how his smug little #$%$ ought to get carted off to his prison cell.

Just acting crazy so he won't have to go to prison with the "big boys".Soon he will find out just how tough he really is....without a gun.

Funny how Mr. Lane was not smirking when sentenced.  Ah, the guys that await him when he gets to the big house.  I can't wait to see the faces of the incarcinrated when he wears his cute killer t-shirt.  His new shirt will read Prag!

All prisons should be like Louisiana Farm Prisons...I knew a young man who was a guard there, prior to his employment he was all FOR the DEATH PENALTY, but after working there for a while he said "Life Imprisonment in a Louisiana Prison Farm is WORSE THAN DEATH!"

Watch the Jodi Arias trial to see how these psedo-psycologist/psyciatrist try to get killers off with phony test results, for nothing but money and fame..Casey Anthony ring a bell?

Thank god!!!! Hope this sends a message......

This kid thought he was bullied in H.S., he doesn't know the meaning of the word.Bubba will make him his b*t/c.h . and more than his hand will busy.

Big Bubba gonna have a good time with that young-un. Have a good time "killer". You've earned everything coming your way in prison.

He will look "cute" when he is forced to wear pool cue chalk eye shadow and becomes Tyrone's b(i)tc(h)..This punk will be ho(e)d out for cigarettes

He is the perfect poster punk, for a K Y Lube commercial....He should have been prosecuted in Texas.  His journey to Hell would have been much quicker.

How much is it going to cost to keep this waste of flesh in prison for the rest of its life? Shot him and donate his organs so some good can come out of this...harsh, but no worse than what it did to those kids...

What's frightening is that his comments and attitude don't differ much from what you often see on these comment boards...

Unbelievable how no one around him saw the potential for his actions coming.

He won't be laughing when he realizes he won't be able to attend an "alternative" prison for murderers "who haven't done well in traditional settings."

this is the kind of people we now have on our streets and they wanna pass gun laws so the law abiding people cant protect themselves. i think they better get to getting these people off our streets.and leave our right to protect ourselves alone

Why would you give this person any print whatsoever and why not execute him?

He's gonna love being a woman when he goes inside.    Fun and games for sure.   We'll see how cocky and defiant he is then.

life sentence is too good for these idiots, a death sentence might have served them better. After all they have shown no remorse for their deeds...who needs them around as a burden to us all???.

I wonder what is making these young guys mentally deranged? Would be nice to know his background from birth. Or is he just plain evil to the core?This is who the Death Penalty is meant for. Let the Aryan Brotherhood loose on him!

He will be passed around like a crack pipe.

I say take him out back and stop him from escaping.. A .40 to the back of the head as he is fleeing.. Escape prisoners get shot or should..

Just plain evil, wish he could have been taken out in a public square and hung

The murder is an adult, not a teen.

His new t shirt will just have #$%$ written on it.

He is going to make a heck of a lovely bride!!! I'd get a tatto on my upper lip that reads "EXIT ONLY" AND HOPE THE PRISONERS CAN FOLLOW ORDERS.

its aweful we are made to see the face of evil, so casualy, on the internet. just another day in america.

Should have put on his shirt "Never got laid, never will!"

Hey boys "fresh meat"!!His shirt might as well have said "put me away for life".

In some states, one can be released in as little as eight years with a life sentence because of gain time, good time, etc.  If the life sentences are to run CONSECUTIVELY, as opposed to concurrently, he should never be released.  It seems unfair to let this monster eat up our tax dollars.

I'll bet Bubba and his buddies in prison will wipe that smile off his face real quick. I suspect he won't be sitting comfortably either.

...and there are millions of people in this country who still believe child psychopaths shouldn't be executed. Very short-sighted and naive.

He doesn't look mentally impaired . He looks evil .

EXECUTE HIM!!!!!!

Wonder what that smirk will turn into when he's bent over a rack i prison and 4 or 5 of his new friends are taking turns welcoming him to the neighborhood?Don't drop the soap, #$%$.

evil .. he thinks he is so "cool" but he won't be smiling much in the coming days/years ..

That grin will be gone when he begins his post-secondary education in prison as the new homecoming queen for the Ohio Department of Corrections.  Have fun.

He thinks high school was difficult...wait until some big black Duse makes this jerk his #$%$.Sickening - he won't last long in jail. He acts tough, talks tough but his cellmates will break him down fast

How doe this skinny little #$%$ have timew to masturbate when hes probably bent over in the shower all day getting it from Bubba

If it were my court room I would have tasers aimed right at his crotch and if he acts up it's whine like a baby time for him.

Alternative school. Another one of the troubled that our schools refuse to identify and deal with. There should be massive outrage that our public school systems cater to these students and their parents instead of dealing with them effectively. To not recognize and react to this boys destructive attitudes and behavior is the height of incompetency and failed policies. How many more Newtowns before the public, the academics, and the politicians bring real safety to our schools?

F*(k prison, this POS needs the death penalty!

What a bunch of crock.  Keep him alive until he dies???   Someone in the prison will take care of him before too long.

Tj, meet Tyrone....

I hope he goes to Lucasville Correctional Instution where my little brother is a guard...He will be doing as they say "washing socks and sucking c__ks" all day long...lol

He may be smirking today but when he get into general population in prison he'll be squealling like a pig.

And . .  .a) Free legal counsel from the ACLU.b) Marriage proposals from Richard Ramirez pen pals.c) Autographed copy of Jose Baez' recent memoir.This kid better become a hundu if he hopes to do all that time.

Soon he will belong to the inmate with the most cigarettes.  Enjoy a life of pillow biting punk.  I can't think of someone who deserves to be repeatedly raped in prison more.

When Latrel is standing behind him tellin him to pick up the soap and clean his ears, I am sure he will feel like a killer...

i'm waiting for the story where he commits suicide after being in prison a few months.

Is there any rational reason this person should not suffer serious pain every day he remains on this earth?

Too bad this POS didn't shoot himself or aim his gun at the police!!!

He is obviously insane, why they called him competent to stand trial is beyond me.  Either way, he should be locked up for the rest of his life for the protectin of society.  For someone living in la la land like him, it isn't about punishment, he cannot feel the punishment.  It is about protecting society, plain and simple.

He is the poster boy for the death penalty.

"Guilty" ---  "ready -- aim -- fire" -- next!!!   Save everyone -- including this idiots family -- a lot of money and grief --- should be the norm in cases where "absolutely no doubt about guilt is present!!"  ---

That's the funniest thing I have ever seen in my life. This boy is nuts. What is he going to do for an encore? Oh wait, I know he is going to be bent over a bed and his new name will be beatch.Wait till they get a hold of him a Mansfield or Lucasville. T.J. will be known more as "B.J." boy as that will be his primary job will be a prison ho.

Bubba and Spike are gonna love violating this little puke once he's in prison.

Nice way to throw your life away. But given you have no remorse, I do not feel sorry for you. Have fun being a prison b**ch.

Ohio Used to have the Electric Chair before the lethal needle.  They should bring it back and use it on certain instances:  Like this one!

"Prosecutors say Lane took a .22-caliber pistol and a knife to the school"And this incident is being hailed as a mass shooting and evidence in the further campaign to ban "assault weapons" when in fact none were used.  There was NO "assault weapon" used here nor was there one used in the Sandy Hook School shooting.  And yet the liberal socialists want them banned.

This little punk wont be smirking when he is hollowed out in prison on a weekly basis.I hope he spends his lifetime in pain and decays slowly.One of these days he's going to way up and realize he is alone and will never be remembered.

Ten years from now, he'll be on 20/20 crying about how he was "only a kid" back then and that he has "changed so much", begging for a second chance.I think that it will the rest of us smiling and smirking then.

WOW! What a joke we have become. Three life sentence, so he has to die twice to serve out his sentence? Why isn't he getting the death penalty? Wasting taxpayers money to keep this clown living in luxury...Well, hopefully he will get a nice big cell mate who has four life sentences....hmmmmm

Put our carpenters and electricians back to work for a week. Building Edison powered lounge chairs................

Punkass kid.Sometimes the death penalty seems the most appropriate punishment.  In this instance, I would recommend starvation.

Hang him with the T-Shirt he is so proud

Wouldn't it be cheaper for taxs payers to just hang him. Say he lives to be 85 years old, does anybody know how much that will cost compared to cost of rope. His victims don't get to live the rest of their life.

I don’t care what the Judge ruled.  This guy ain’t right.

Would it not makes more sense to instead give this piece of trash 3 life sentences, execute him? He won't have that smirk on his face when you tell him instead of supporting him until he dies we're just going to execute him. Life in prison needs to be done away with and executions should be mandatory for all convicted rapist, murderers and  child molesters!

He thinks he is "bad", but in prison he will find the true meaning of bad! I have no sympathy for this punk murderer! I hope he gets what he deserves in prison and the last thing he hears is his killer laughing at him!

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory" .  He's all set for life in the pen, seems he already knows the program............

Nice job if you were sentencing a cat!

My daughter could whip this little #$%$ ants butt.  Another "time out" punk gone wrong.

Why is he not executed? Now we have to provide him room, board, medical, security ,and all the other percs until he gets shanked or dies of natural causes.Thanks bleeding hearts.The Judge should have taken a pistol from one of the guard's and blew his brain's out!

Says his future cellmate Bubba, "Hey Killer, you got a purdy mouth."

For once, an honest criminal. Most criminals never admit they are wrong. No matter how slimy this #$%$ is and deserving of the death penalty, he's still better than most other criminals.

Life at hard labor would be more fitting! A bullet would be much too quick.

I'm sure he won't be smirking for too much longer; Big Bubba will see to that! Time to start reining in the whackos, instead of the guns!

The best part of Lane obviously ran down his mama's leg. Put this psychotic sonofabitch away for life without parole in the deepest, darkest hole to be found anywhere, and maybe then he'll see himself for the sadistic motherf---er that he is.

Next article on this punk.......Prisoner T.J. Lane was rushed to the hospital for anal stitches after being brutally raped in prison.

So now he goes to prison where we have to pay for his keep for the next 50 or 60 years or so. What ever happened to good old Public Hangings?

Oh poor baby ONLY 17 when he killed, so he was to young for the death penalty&gt;&gt;&gt;Our laws here are like a slap on the hand!  Take this killer punk and give him DEATH!!!   Just like the Manson murders, they ALL should have gotten DEATH for what they did..Take a look at the victims of Charles Manson followers and tell me WHY the killers should still be alive!!!

And here lies the problem. The Liberal judge allowed this killer to taunt the family of the dead, when he should have stripped him of that shirt and taped his mouth shut. Ball- less judges. And as for NOT eligible for the death penalty because he was 17, Screw that, you kill like an adult, you die like one.Had I been a parent of one of the children he killed, the baliff would have had his hands full keeping me from putting my thumbs in this kid's eye sockets.

This is why we have so much crime. Our justice system is way to humane.

If only the FBI could create profiles of these evil people so we could identify them before they do harm and have them evaluated and then put away for a long time.

Shoot him in both knees, THEN put him in prison with no medical attention.

hes the kind of punk where we need a prisoner to cut the expense of keeping him up cut short

May his back side be split open post haste.  Enjoy prison, cretin.

how about a public stoning or hanging,  rather then glamorizing his stupid shirt on national media.....that would be a much deterrent  for others to see what the outcome of murdering someone gets you.

Here you have the devil walking among us.

When somebody's caught "red-handed" commiting such a heinous crime, they shouldn't even get the pleasure of making it into court alive, much less getting a life sentence under our financial support.

This loser will make some inmate a very good woman.The money spent on someone like T.J. Lane in prison should be spent on opening up the institutions that were closed down to house people like him before they can kill.

Oh yeah I would like to see what he says in about 6 months if he's still alive

his new GIG he will be a MAYTAG in prison !! he has NO COMPREHENSION what he is in for or what is going to happen!!!!!!!!!

I bet his parents are proud that they never bothered to get him therapy.

A Killer without remorse doesn't deserve to live in society. Why should our TAX Dollars feed and cloth him? Bring back PUBLIC EXECUTIONS, then the wanna be THUGS and GANGSTERS will know what is waiting for them. CURB VIOLENCE write your elected officials to bring back Public Executions, STOP wasting our money on #$%$!

So?  He's 18 now.

Good! Hope he is put in with the biggest badest dude in the place.

soon he will be wearing a T-Shirt that says "FRESH MEAT"

We'll see how long the cool, tough guy act lasts once he gets a taste of life in prison.

should have marched his sorry #$%$ straight outside and executed himquestions never answaered and who is the associated press or yahoo news trying to protect by only stateing this kids name as t j lane.what was going to to provoke such anger .

gonna have to change his name from TJ to BJ once he gets to prison

all these nut bag youth of today are a direct product of no parenting and no corporal punishment.

How does a boy get that messed up in 18 yrs???????

He doesn't know why he did it? The devil uses people just as much as God does doing good.

"Lane was at Chardon waiting for a bus to the alternative school he attended, for students who haven't done well in traditional settings." And once again, a mental case that nobody would do anything about. I know, I teach at a large high school and these kids are so coddled and excused-it is sickening.

Bet his father never put a belt to him. Oh, no father figure? Bet his mother never put a spatula to his hiney. Oh, she didn't spank? Kids are mostly raised to be narssistic who have never learned HUMILITY. This is America's largest problem with our society. No parenting.

I hope his one demented brain cell is masturbated to death in prison by another psycho like him.

Maybe now some of the ones who want the 75 yr. old granny to be put away for shooting her bully grandson will understand just because they are teenagers that doesn't mean they aren't harmless. What a sad story and terriable shock to all the parents and loved ones. My prayers are with them.

Hang himWhat 3 life sentences?  Let the punishment fit the crime. Put him to death.

Let's see.  Real unemployment hovering at around 25%, over 60% for 20 somethings.  By committing this crime he's got a place of his own complete with room-mate but will never have to pay rent, no utility bills, free hygene products, free medical care, free dental care, free haircuts for life, three meals a day, no commuting costs and he won't have to file a income tax return EVER.  Welcome to Club Greybar, T.J. Lane.

Just one more POS that came to the surface. We seem to have plenty of them these days.

WOW.  3 life sentences.  so now we're paying for him to be in jail?  if there's no chance of parole, might as well kill him and save some money.

Another strong case for the death penalty.

WHERE'S THE GUARD TO PROTECT OUR KIDS ?Could have at least shot and killed the SOB.Now we have to pay for 3 life sentences.If you get anymore than 1, you should be done.Where's my Texas ? Even Cal people have a little Texas in them.America needs to put on some boots.

I would love to see a follow-up one week after his incarceration just to see if he's still a tough wacko or just somebody’s wacko #$%$!!!

Now there is one real bad person. About as bad as there is.

Too good for this thing!

Wouldn't it be easier just to put one in his head?  What a loser..........A good reason for immediate execution without a trial or appeals.  This kid is sick and should be put down like a rabid dog.

To all posters that claim this sort of thing has been going on since time began, you need to do more research.  The last 20 yrs has seen an influx of school shootings by the students.  If you want to go back 100 yrs., things like spurned lovers, bad grades and a myriad of other reasons was given.  But a student going to school to shoot up as many students as HE can, is fairly new. So, I repeat, the children of today ARE VERY different from my generation.

Jose Baez in his recent memoir "How to Play Jurors for the Fools they Are:  Or, why it's so easy to be a Defense Attorney in the United States Today,"  issued the following statement:"This is just the beginning of a protracted appeal process.  This young man was sexually abused by his father, received poor legal counsel, and was denied the opportunity of being judged by a jury from progressive states such as Florida or California--both with a proud history of using illicit drugs to form the basis for moral decisions.America, and more importantly the American media have not heard the last of T.J. (They Call Me Killer) Lane."Mr. Baez then dropped trow and took a dump on the courthouse stairs.

Good thing the judge gave him 3 life sentences, he would never have be able to get a drivers license if he ever got out, since he will be getting rear ended everyday for the next 60 years, laugh it up tough guy, the school bell is about to ring and its ringing for you.

He will get an attitude adjustment when he gets settled in ,if you can call it that. Hes done acting like he knows it all.

Is 3 his lucky number?  Let's see how it works out for him when he is thrown off the 3rd floor inside the jail.  He was kicking and screaming so much.  Worst suicide ever.  How he managed to climb over the rail with his hands and feet bound with torn bed sheets is anyone's guess.

Three life sentences wouldn,t it be cheaper to just kill him. Feed,clothes and house someone for 210 years seems alot costly. No wonder the govenment going Broke.

I hope he gets the worst of the worst of what prison has to offer.  Squeal boy!

Wow what a "horrible" (NOT!)  upbringing I had.  Imageine - My parents are still married after 58 years. My Dad went to work every day and tuaght junior highe-ers, my mom stayed in teh home and taught piano lessons. We were EXPECTED to go to church, every Sunday. No one asked if we "wanted to" and my folks instilled in us a respect for God and other people.  No "sass" was allowed, EVER.  We had no cell phones, I-Pads/Pods or computers.  No Facebook.  My folks were concerned with who I hung "out" with from school and didn't hesitate to guide us, educate us, instill morals and RAISE US.  I don't even remember a lot of times we had a babysitters.  My folks took parenting of me and my sisers as a very important job - THEIR job.  I'm grateful.  And only 56 years old.  I don't recognize the youth of today, tho I know there are some good ones being raised right.

Hot (D)(a)(m)(n)!!! My shares of stock in Vaseline and Ginzu "Shanks" just skyrocketed as inmates prepare to "welcome" this pretty boy POS to his "new home!"parents... get your children's attention when they are younger...or the law and prison inmates will get their attention when they are older...

I think they should start putting sick sobs like this in solitary confinement....for life. See how funny he thinks a dark dank windowless hole is.

I wonder how long before he gets awarded the "Darwin Award" by his fellow inmates?

His name now is T.J. Lane...but when he gets in prison..they'll call him Chocolate Lane!

He wants attention and the media is happy to give him what he wants.

Breaking News! TJ Lane has just won a years supply of KY warming gel!Congratualtions TJ, you will make your man/men very happy!

This was a most unusual display at a sentencing hearing. He seems to be ready for prison. I'm sure he'll enjoy being beaten and shanked in the exercise yard.

I feel so bad for the victims’ families. How can you respond or react to someone who not only lacks remorse but heinously taunts the victims. Why should this murderer even be treated like he’s human…it is so hard for a civilized society to contend with such evil… I hope on someday this animal realizes and feels the pain he has caused and that it serves as an example for others like him

in jail he is not going to be a killer , just a pretty boy, open wide.

Why was he alowed to wear this T-shirt to court and mock the victims families.This person  need to know the real value of life by  having his own life to bargin for!Sad all around.

All you people with the mindset that no one touches my child are part of the problem with children and young adults today. When the inmates run the asylum this is what you could potentially get. Children are emboldened because disipline is gone. Look no farther than those that took disipline out of the school then out of the home. Those that labeled a spanking with the term corporal punishment and replaced it with time outs. If you spank your child and leave a bruise you'll go to jail for harming this precious angle. News flash. All children are not angles. There are bad kids and once upon a time they were identified and send to reform school or the military. There are winners and losers in life. The winners follow the rules the losers end up like this kid. Life has consequences.

Between Bubba and the Brothers, T.J.Lane is going to find out that life on the inside is not high school and he is not the bad #$%$ he thinks he is.  Take some petroleum jelly, you're going to need it..

Prison is not good enough for this puke! Hope is is gang raped over and over before getting shanked... Have enough evil nut cases in this world.

Hey Killer.....the boys on the weight lifting team are preparing the Wedding Chapel as they anticipate your arrival.

when they get thru cherry mooning him in prison he  will be a new name. And I bet he won't be masterbating over it either!  I wonder what kind of person produces a killer? So sad how American children are turnng out!

go look up the definition of #$%$ and there will be a picture of this kid.

Death penalty is the only reasonalble punishment for this individual.

This is the state of mental health treatment in this country. Probably plenty of signs he was disturbed but no help available until he crosses the line of hurting or killing someone. So just throw him in prison and forget about him. That will surely be a strong deterrent to the next crazy person who wants to kill.

You know that cop behind him in the picture wanted to crack him on the head with his stick.Why was he allowed to wear that shirt in court?  How did he get it?  Why wasn't he removed by force and required to dress appropriately?  What a loser!

When you throw your values away and expect teh Goverment to guide and hold your hand this is what you get. Lawyers go after parents that discipline their kids. Schools do not punish bad behavior and then we blame the guns.....

Why was the killer allowed to have the "KILLER" T- shirt on when he went to court?He put up a defiant facade but he is really scared of what awaits him in prison.He got the maximum sentence and that is what he deserved. I saw some programs onInvestigation Discovery where one killer of a woman got life without parole in one state,and another man who committed the same type of crime in another state got only 35 years because he was offered a plea bargain. There should be no plea bargains formurder.

geez. sounds like justice? not really. justice would be to take this turd into an alley and shoot him with a 22 a few times in the torso. let him feel the fear and pain of dying as he bleeds to death. a friend of mine was shot with a 22 in front of me and he bled to death so i understand a little of what it's like. this little #$%$ will be come someone's girlfriend and maybe pimped out in prison. small consolation. it really bothers me that i will basically have to pay for this waste of life for the next 50-60 years to eat and live when a bullet costs very little. and in light of the fact that he doesn't have the decency to apologize and try to act all hard in court tells me needed something he actually feared. in 20 years or so he'll get an appeal and some douche judge will let him out on a technicality or "in the name of justice". no, justice was not carried out.

He is the ultimate punk. He is a tough guy when he has a gun. He is a cocky, arrogant, wise #$%$  to the victims families when in a court room full of security guards. But he is in for a rude awakening when he gets to adult prison Where he will have no guns and he won't have security guards near him at all times and there will be real tough guys all over the place. Tough guys who don't think much of punks who act tough but can't back it up.I suspect he will be someone's girlfriend within a week of his arrival and the phrase "tough love" will have a whole new meaning to him.

absolutely totaly useless to society!!!

his 15 minutes of fame, counting down, 14, 10, 5, 0, bye bye.

they should just do away with insanity as a defense? this case will probably be back in court over and over for decades wasting tax money.

he got the media coverage he wanted. sad.

Very disturbing that sick people like this monster breath the same air that I do...Thoughts and prayers for the victims families and friends......Perfect example of "the Father of All Lies" ..."Please allow Me To Introduce Myself...."

I wonder if he could print one more T-shirt in *pink* for Jodi Arias?

Yet another prozac shooter.

When America starts back with public Hangings, this type of behaivor will decrease.

Big Bubba awaits you KILLER

Baby boomer, listen up!!! So am I and we left our doors unlocked where I grew up in good old s#hi%hole California! We have, baby boomer, the ugliest people producing shoot 'em up, kill 'em, butch 'em big Holy Wood people making billions and encouragining this in these sub humans since they are 7 years old watching movie after movie! IT BECOMES OKAY TO DO THESE THINGS!!! BAD DARK KNIGHT, and gory movies need to go. Secondly, we let ILLEGALS pack their meth, cocaine and m.j into this country .... DO YOU REALLY expect this type to be normal with this combo???? It does not take a rocket scientist to figure out why we keep producing these sociopaths, narcistic vermin in this country!!!! We grew up on funny , nice things like Dale Evans, Bill Cosby, wonderful music: The Platters, Elvis, you know! GOOD STUFF IN, GOOD STUFF OUT!!!There will be more like this piece of human filth who did this. We condone it!

You'll never hear this kid fart again

o his butt hole the day before prison. O his butt hole a couple hours after he gets to prison.

Look at that enforcement officers facial expression.  If he could, I guarantee you that he would smack the attitude out of that little #$%$ ant wanna' be tough guy, in a nano second.  But fear not sir.  The Bubba's in prison will do that for you.  He won't have any teeth within one month of entering prison...  How does that sound tough guy????

some people are just evil. There is no explanation for it. This person is one of them.  I am glad he is going to be locked up and away from society.  In this case I have nothing against the death penalty.If this kid has this many behavioral &amp; emotional issues why is he mmainstreamed into our school's? Because they have to, it's a law. Then someting like this happen's and everyone points a finger at the parents/teachers/principal's etc. Take it to the law makers folk's...get the laws changed to keep kids in facilities with these kind of problem's. Get them the help they need before we have to keep burying innocent children &amp; teachers and some that kill theeire parent's too. CHANGE STATE LAWS IN ORDER TO PROTECT US ALL !!!!!!!!!

Why not three letal injection,  like the ones he shot, had a choice!

Just shoot the POS.

I don't know what's happening with our youth youth today. It's very sad for a young man to foolishly throw his life away.

Pugsly got his wish. Three hots and a cot for life. Easy street. No work, no taxes, no family and kids to be responsible for, no bills, no shopping for food, no car to maintain, no nothing. Other than protecting his fragile rectum.

Thank you Ohio you dropped the ball on the rape case.but you got this one right.

Hopefully, he'll live a very long time and suffer immensely every single day.

Lets hope that Lane gets put in the general population. What will he say to big bubba a 350 pound killer who has a sexual fondness for little sociopath jerks like this guy. By the way little boy, you pull that smirking stunt in Prison, you will get your as* handed to you.

He will be a very close friend to Bubba and all of his friends. Like to see the smirk on his face after his first week in prison

He will be eligible for early release as soon as the it is declared the jails are full and he can be released with strict medication and parole supervision, after all he was just distressed.  Look at Manson, he keeps coming up for parole and the only reason he is thrown back in is because he can't keep his mouth shut.  This is why life without parole doesn't work.  This will be a joke eventually.Another example of liberal parenting! Don't correct a child you might hurt his/her self esteem, and god forbid you spank his butt when he misbehaves!

I am going to get so many thumbs down and rude comments but I don't care...People keep asking why...Because as a nation and as the human race we are turning our backs on GOD!!!!

I think him standing up quickly and reaching to take off his shirt was a threatening move. The cop behind him should have shot him in the head.

execute the punk at sunrise

What a shame that a young person would act like this, is it because of his upbringing by his parents or just a mental case that got no help.

Another nice kid...how unusual...how many does that make in the last week or so...boy what a nice job raising kids these days...killers one one page...rapist on the other

This is why there should be death penalty in every state, a kid that says this hand that killed your children masturbates thinking about them with same hand deserves to die a slow painful death...Maybe if we start making examples out of these monsters the killings will stop.

Still think staking him naked in the hot sun over a fire ant hill in July in Alabama and cutting him a little to get the ants appetite going would  be a just punishment and may serve as  a deterrent .

people know with no death penalty and the state to take care of them murder no big deal.thanks to the bleeding hearts.  we just need some good ole fashion hangings, 6 at a time, make a party out of it. least i wouldn't have to support the bass terds.

Speechless to the atrocities of mankind..I hope these THREE LIFE SENTENCES are NOT CONCURRENTLY !

What could have gone so wrong in this kids life?

What a POS.  The parents, families and friends went through imaginable hell because of his killings; to do this to them on top of that is beyond words.  I hope the prisoners where he is going saw this on the news or read about it on the internet. They will enjoy the fresh meat that is coming their way.

his life is gonna change in a way he has no idea of conceiving with such ignorance and hate he contains in his heart.....

For those of you that don't believe in evil, demonic possessions? Read that article again. Demons ARE real, I have seen the powers of the dark side and it scared me so much I drove my car with the dome light on for a year BTW?- I'm a 6'4, 245 Lbs manly man.

Inmates, do your duty.

The punk's bravado will quickly disappear once the cellblock door slams shut with a clank...

just a smart #$%$ punk kid.

Tough boy will be a Be-atch before the 1st night fall.

Hang him....til he ROTS......it's a crying shame this piece of trash lived to go to trial.Hang him.

pretty boy like that will make a great bum toy...

The reason there is a death penalty. What a puke of a human.

Bubba is waitin for you sweetie,cuz you goin to be his man child...

His side view reminds me of Casey Anthony. They both should rot in hell.

Him and Jodi need to be in the same cell .

He won't last long in prison, will likely get shanked or killed in gen pop

That little guy will get dimolished in prison.

On to join the Aryan Brotherhood and steal identities in prison

AWARD...for Killing..!if TJ Lane had killed 30 suspect (!) militants joining the US Army going to Afghanistan as a soldier, he would be invited to WH perhaps for a medal and a dinner. Lane has proved our Justice system is screwed up giving him 3 life sentences..passing the bill to tax payers..!The School gets SUED and a Judge will award a big bonanza..! So, it is a REWARD too..!The inmates will love him. He'll be someone's chicken tonight.

Oh, you're really cool and angsty...don't drop the soap.

20 years of the progressive agenda in action.

i have a better idea, give him one bullet.

and i moved my family here, from NY, to be "safe". no where to go.

Natural born killers they think they are... Have a nice vacation kid

don't forget your KY jelly, dude.  Better order a lifetime supply.

With an attitude like that, he is going to be in solitary a lot. Wonder if he will still such a wiseaZZ after a year or two of that?

Have you ever been to one of thos those torture museums in Europe and seen all of those devices?  This guy is who they were all designed for.  Too bad he wasn't eligible for the Death Penalty... In this case, it should be a long, slow, painful death.

I'm upset...The cops should have marched him right out of there. NOW !What's a matter with them ?This guy is slapping the victims family's face right in front of God &amp; everyone.What's a MATTER WITH YOU ? Get that sh-- off him &amp; don't let it happen again.You trying to start a fight in the court room ?he better hope to God that he is locked in solitary confinement. General Population will make a meal of him.

He's going to have a real loose stretched butt hole after the first month of prison.   He will be passed around like the girly man he is.

I don't think he will last a year in REAL PRISON.

Don't worry,,,"Prison Bubba" is gonna wipe that smirk right off of his face before he has fun with him,,,

Someone should have handed him a T-Shirt that said GIRLFRIEND OF BUBBA

This idiot is sooooo clueless.  He has NO idea what awaits.

The more I read the posts on Yahoo, the more I see the reason as to why this country is slipping into a Police State as well as to understand why mass killings seem to become more frequent.  Goodbye America, you had a great run but stupid spoiled people RUINED you.

Now the tax payers will have to feed him and he will get good medical and dental care and this is where i don't agree with the law .

Why wasn't he executed?  There is something seriously wrong with the justice system in the United States.  If the United States doesn't start punishing criminals in the appropriate manner, crimes like this #$%$ committed will only continue and worsen.

This idiot judge lost control of the courtroom . This POS defendant should have never been allowed to remove his shirt , never been allowed to speak or gesture to anyone . Should have been shackled and gagged .Now he will be identified by a number, and the tightness of his rectum.

Stop with the lengthy and expensive trial...simply hang this POS before it multiplies!

If you look at the guard behind this kid you know he is a animal.  Why do we let animals exist in our society.  Locking him up for life is too good.  I say let the parents of the murdered childern take target practice at him.

Put this punk in a jail cell with Jerry Sandusky and let Jerry make him his girlfriend.

He’ll disappear into the bowels of prison and never be heard from again. It’s over for him, and at some point in time he’ll recognize it. Too bad for him.

He;s a big man now. WAIT til he gets inside. They will just call him Mary.

GIVE HIM the LORD and church this would have never of happen .

I'm so glad the liberal media didn't blame Bush or the NRA.....very nice of them just this once!

If I had been the judge, after the comment he made in court I, would have ordered that he be castrated, his weiner removed, and a colostomy bag installed so he could pee.  That would take care of the "masturbating" threat.........

Hopefully Kharma comes visiting in prison.  I doubt he will have that same mentality and smirk then.haha, little punk is soo pleased with himself now.. lets see how smug he is when real convicts are runnin a train on his little punk #$%$

why are we going to feed and clothe this sad sack of #$%$?

What happened to the death penalty in this case ? This POS should have been tortured and hanged after the trial , swift justice .

Let's see how long his smiles and smirks last in prison.  How proud his family must be.

Nut case only the electric chair will be the sentence for guys like that~!@#$%

To think we have to exchange the same air with this sub-human makes me sick.

what a POS.......hope he suffers now and into eternity........

This cowardly little snot will be somebodies littlebitch very soon............fair enough !

Put this Punk out of his Misery !

Sick human being so sorry he even killed one person, at least he is stopped for doing more I wish he received a slow suffering death penalty and have his family watch.Today his T-shirt says killer, tommorow Bit3h will be scrawled on his buttocks.

this one is mentally ill.......

No manners, no impulse control, no patients, just a package of useless protoplasm glued together by pee and vinegar.

I am glad he didn't get the death sentence,I want to see or hear about that little PUNK suffering for years,and years to come ! If I had been one of the victims family members,I wouldn't have given him the satisfaction of knowing just how bad he had hurt me,by speaking in court. The little #$%$ seemed to have been enjoying hearing their anguish ! GOD, I would love to slap his head around in a complete circle just one time !!!!! But maybe theres some good news after all,from his actions during sentencing maybe he ruined even the smallest chance of appealing his case.

Societal decay is one of the many reasons we have school shootings.

It would make more sence to just turn his sick #$%$ over to the families and let me exact the punishment he truely disserves. When all is said and done he will be getting what he disserves in the prison he is young and dumb and they will help him in ways he wont forget or want. Better get that k y gellie ready.

He's not pickled, he's just mean. Let the little smart #$%$ rot in jail for a few years, and see if he still has that smirk on his face.

Would love to see how wide his smile is while Bubba is serving him up and giving him newbie prison indoctrination. The families of the victims can find some satisfaction in know that he will never be able to hold mud again.

Just kill him and save the money..

I promise you ... the smirk will be replaced with sobbing and crying like little b&gt;&gt;ch after few months of prison hospitality.This guy won't last a year in prison.  He's as good as dead.

He won't be so smug when Bubba has him curled up in the fetal position.....

he will soon learn the differance between kid jail and big boy PRISON

I am for eye for an eye. This monster should be executed the next day by firing squad. The Justice System is a complete failure and insult too victim's of crimes.

This generation's grandparent's sure killed off that 1969 "Sumer of Love" Bull Chit with what they've raised.

And this my friends is why the Obama Administration wants more Gun-Control. Keep in mind he also STOLE the guns that he used. Ok ALL criminals with guns need to get in this line to Register your guns! Yea right!

Don't think for a second that his fellow inmates will not hear about his courtroom antics. I just hope they enjoy him for a few years before he "commits suicide".

they will love him in the prison showers

He'll be passed around like a cocaine #$%$ at a party ...

This nutcase is begging to be killed.  I don't understand why they think life in prison is such a punishment?   He clearly needs put out of his missory.  Save us some tax dollars...please.Fresh meat. I bet HIS dance card will be full every night. The word KILLER will take on a whole new meaning.

This is a badly Mis-wired young man... either keep him for life, or put him down.

Where is death penalty when you really need one???

A product of today's public school system. Why is ANYONE surprised???

He can now  be  a cool guy  gangsta  in  prison  for the rest  of his  life  .  They  going to love  the fresh  fish .

Lets see if he continues to smile and smirk when he's getting regular beat downs and #$%$ rapes from his fellow inmates.

He should make a new shirt that says "soap dropper".

He is as evil as manson !  Totally lost !

I wonder why we don't wish assault, genital mutilation and repeated rape on female killers.Oh, that's right, we have to respect women no matter what. They've got rights and equality and stuff.

He will soon have something else written across his shirt once he gets to prison. "Bubba's Bi*** "i wonder how defiant he will be after about the 5th day of bubbas loving attentions?

they should have just put this punk down.

Hey Mr Funny,make sure you carve "insert here" on your lower back with an arrow pointing downward.

Clearly He has no soul what so ever...Outrageous !!! and Disgusting!!

That smirk will last about eight seconds...

That cop looks like he wants to use some excessive force.

Soon to be the newest prison prostitute. Few years he will even have #$%$ tattoed on his back

he is one of many, sorry to say this, but i like when they kill them self.

Wow, is he gonna make someone a good wife or what? He'll probably not stay alive long with his smart lip!! Oh well!

Should be taken out back and executed.how many does this make....kids killing kids....rape and murder...go on tell everyone you all are doing your job as parents in todays world!......lol  not even close!

Hang the little koksuker. Better than using tax payer money to keep him alive in prison.

I have taken ALOT of people to prison,,,and one thing people like him ALL have in common,,,they all start to cry like little babies when the first big steel door shuts behind them...never fails,,,

Hanging at the nearest tree would of been what the #$%$ deserved, I have to wonder what kind of parents this monster had, if any at all.

In the good old days he would be executed.

What ADD/ anti depressant / anti psychotic meds was he on before the rampage?The pharmaceutical cartels are turning people into raving murderous, suicidal zombies and the government nor it's media says a word, ever!Wanna know why? Because they're all heavily invest in drug cartel stock. End of story! Now wake up!

Mom and Dad did a wonderful job raising their son.

He won't last 6 months in prison. He''ll  be knifed or hung or both.

They should throw him in Jerry Sandusky's cell

..and what do his parents think?Nothing they did wrong?  Blame it on society and the school system?They should put him down like a rabid dog.There's no fixing his kind of sickness.

A punk, that's all. He will find out how good being a punk is in prison. Now, everyone stop talking about him and let it go.

schools are out of control, ban them, ban them now...its not like the NEA education is good

Little Miss bad #$%$. Wait till the general population gets a hold the those white little cheeks and he has to start wearing makeup for his man.

I could care less.... I just want to know is what made him flip? Am always glad to see how much the truth really hurts.

Does Chardon have a good basketball team?

Yea This Punk Thinks He is a Tuff Guy,He is going to find Just how tough he isn't.When He gets His First Beat Down and is Face Down on His Bruised Bloody Knees Taking"The Pipe" Up the O'le Hershey Highway.Hea.. hea...hea.. I am Laughing at your Prospects In the BIGHOUSE BIOCHBOY.Hey look on the Bright Side You're Gonna Make Some Guy a Great wife someday !!HA ...HA HA HA .YOU DESERVE IT .P.S. Save you're Butter Pats from The commissary or cafeteria whatever the case may be.P.S.S Guess One of the most apparent New Names You undoubtably will Come to Know and love is Of Course  "B.J. Lane" Hey you could use it as an adress as well.3 life terms ENJOY "B.J. Buttboy Lane"

sorry for the fact that he was able to get his hands on a gun so easily

They are ALL KILLERS in the big house their Little "Killer". Enjoy!

wait a minute... he did all of this without an assault weapon or a high capacity magazine? that cant be! surely it was at least a military style "rambo" knife?On his deathbed in this lifetime, somebody needs to whisper in his ear: "only two more lifetimes to do".

Hey "Killer"..this isn't a video game in prison.

If you throw him in prison they will cum!

Its not guns we should be banning, its kids... people, stop having all these damn kids.. its all your fault. if you have kids, its your fault. stop bringing these little monstres into our world. you want something to love for a little while then ignore? get a puppy or a kitten. At least they wont be out trying to kill people.

and the bleeding hearts of America do not want to put #$%$ like this to death.So lets feed him,house him,free health care,education,because we REALLY arei..s..s.holes.

What do you bet in the not too distant future, this pathetic moron will be begging for a parole or the needle.  His showing tough now, but the next few years in the slammer will make him a slobering, cryin' whimpering, weakling.  He'll have had his 'ticket punched' a bunch of times and he'll want out in the worst way.   He was attending Chardon and an 'alternative' school because he could cope with traditional schools.  He'll have trouble coping now, I'm pretty sure.

Poor kid. He needed love. Sorry for the families involved.

OK liberals.....defend your anti-death penalty position NOW.

He's a fine skinny white boy, with a pretty mouth..........pucker up..killer!   Bidding starts at 2 packs of smokes!!

Normally I would say just shoot this punk in the head. But, in this case, life with no parole serves this punk just fine. Good luck there "killer"I think BUBBA will soon wipe that smirk off his face. Masturbating ON IT.

Boy is bubba ever gonna give this punk's tender behind a good  rough painful breaking in.  Hopefully on a daily basis.  T.J. gonna be someone's #$%$ for sure.

A 22 and a knife, what happened to the assult weapon, oh Diane Feinstein, did you mention this killing in your demand for assult weapon ban??  Remember, what happens in prison stays in prison.  I guessing he would last long after Bubba has a "word" with him.

Wouldn'it it be nice that once this 'puke' checks into his 'prison suite' and is greeted by his 'new' family, aka the "Sodomites", an in-cell camera records his plethora of butt rapes, his screams for help and mercy which never comes??~!!~He will get butt-hammered so much his guts will drag in his footsteps. Every tooth will be beaten out of his mouth and he will be known as 'whimpering#$%$'. He will experience Hell on earth before he experiences Hell in the after life.

Wait til the Prison Prom comes along ... dance little beeotch, dance!

Why was he allowed to wear that shirt?  It should have been ripped off his scrawny body.  There's something incredibly scary and evil about this kid.  Immediate death would be more humane and a lot cheaper.

This boy is the Devils #$%$.

The little POS wont have that smirk for long.

He is the poster child for why restrictions on the second amendment wouldn't work.  He has mental issues and doesn't care about existing laws.  New laws wouldn't change that.  Taking weapons away from law biding citizens wouldn't help either.

great another #$%$ we have to support for the rest of his life. I hope he likes being someones #$%$ in prison. life can be a long time boy.he won't be smiling after a few days in the penShelia the difference in parenting today is that there is none  Im a boomer too and nothing like this ever happened. There were even guns around but we never thought of taking one to schoolParents today are screwed up, its no surprise their offspring are too

Unfortuante we the taxpayers have to support this POS for the rest of his life.

It would be so much better if they were to publicly hang this jerk. The message of no tolerence for gun toting murderers would be seen &amp; heard far &amp; wide. It may even convince the next nut job to think about his actions before pulling the trigger.

That gesturing will come in handy in prison.

I hope he is raped repeatedly by the biggest black #$%$ in the prison. May his O-ring be devastated daily.

After looking at this 1 more time.  His shirt should me removed and shoved down his throat.

He will be somebody else's beeoche.....now.  stupid kid.

Not giving him the death penalty is uncivilized and not giving him the death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment inflicted upon society.

This little tough guy will have plenty of time to think about his actions while he's on all fours

Mentally ill, but still needs to be locked up permanently.we will see many many many more like him now that you are not allow to touch the little turdsofmissery...and they know they live in a gutless society now!

After being gang raped multiple times he is going to hate himself for what he has done.  It will be a joy to he about him wishing he were dead.

I gotta be honest, if that little #$%$ said that to me in the court room and one of the victims was my son, I'd would have leaped over the rail and broke his neck like a chicken bone.I'm sorry, but there is no way in the world that we should have to pay for someone like this to live out his days in a prison.  He really should be put down, today if possible.

He thinks he's a bad #$%$ now. Wait until he gets into prison!!

Put some electrodes up his orifices and send him on to his next world whatever it may be

Should have been given the death penalty!

I pRAY  THEY BEAT HIM TO DEATH IN JAIL

That smirk will be short lived. I guess he doesn't know how prison really works when it comes to scrawny white males.

He should've gotten the death penalty.

Worthless vermin...a disgrace to his family. Lock him away and forget him.KILLER needs to be KILLED

This low life is a shining example of why I am pro death penalty.

maybe,just maybe,one of the parents can pay-off his cell mate, to beat the #$%$ out of him--I wish I couild !!!

DEATH PENALTY anyone?

I understand the general idea behind not putting people to death.  I think this sounds like a good reason for an exception.

WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY

The guys in prison look forward to initiating you, sir, to their love triangles.  And then shanking you.

Oh B S That is a lot of big talk. He will be a bubba #$%$ in no time.

He chose.......poorly.

Bubba to T.J.    Bubba:  "You goin to dat party tonight?"   T.J.  "What party"??   Bubba: "The one in yo mouff, everyone's coming"The cruel irony is that he will get the mental healthcare he obviously needed but only AFTER he takes lives.

Why didn't the judge make him put the shirt back on?  I watched her on the video and she didn't seem phased by it at all.

Long ago, I read a short horror story (wish I could recall the title/author) about a society where the penalty for certain particularly awful crimes was hanging till dead, then immediately getting taken down, resurrected, healing for a year and then being hanged again... and again... and again. This punk makes me wish such a thing actually existed.

this kid is the poster child for " pro capital punishment"

Too bad it isn't 1884. Public hanging was a good source of education for anyone considering a life of crime. This is one who deserves one of those botched jobs back then where the thug would literally strangle to death over a period of minutes.

Sorry, vigilantes, but this kid is obviously nuts. He must be kept away from society, but coming down on him as if he really were rational and sane is the nastiest kind of ignorance. I would have thought we had gotten beyond this kind of revenge thinking when it comes to the mentally disturbed, but, obviously, the educational process has failed an awful lot of people.

Put a gun to his head and shoot him. I don't want to pay for decades to keep this POS.

I'll bet his fellow inmates are thrilled that they're getting a new toy to play with.  I hope they get him good.

Why are we going to keep him alive?  Who cares how old he was?  He's a coward and will be somebody's #$%$ very soon.

The kids a mental defective. No one paid attention.Now us tax payers have to support him when he really deserves the death penalty.

3 life sentences? Another tax burden is more like it. Us taxpayers are indirectly going to pay for his 3 square meals a day for the rest of his life. Do me the favor and give this "Killer" a dirt nap. If not for me, for the victims and their family.

So he gets a free gated community for thr rest of his life...The main word here is "LIFE", you know..the thing he took and ruined for many others...Its only 2013 people..There is no excuse to tolerate acts such as these....As i have said before..The only law we need is..."0 Tolerance for violent acts"  execute him and send a clear message that people are tired of such acts...If you cannot live in society without harming others, you have no place in society...period.

Why is this guy still alive?

Here kitty, kitty, kitty..

The Chicago Thugs moved up from school kids to 6 month old baby's this week....

State of Conn..."..if the patients are properly medicated, they pose no threat to society.."..Guess T.J. forgot to take his meds that day..

All killers are insane, that why they kill. Some just airn't street wise enough to fool, our to poor to hire the psedo- psycologist/psyciatrist like Jodi Arias has..Insane people should be put down. California's going broke housing and turning loose, killers like the pervert Richard Allen Davis that killed Poly Klaas and other killers like Charlie Manson......Their housing more granola murderer's out there than any other state in the union..

Rot in hell, three times over.

Looks like the judge wanted to put on a show in the courtroom , what a disgrace .if ever a psychopath needed the death sentence..here's one

You won't be smiling after BUBBA has you for dinner

Well if he if he likes guys named Bubba, he has a long happy life ahead of him.

This little #$%$'s gonna get it right up his #$%$ !!!!!!

I'm glad to see you show no sympathy Lane,thats good,where you're going theres no sympathy at all,none behind those bars,you could be crawling on your belly dying from stab wounds in chowline,ppl will just step right over you&amp;grab their silverware,you're gonna love your new home

He can enjoy his last moments in the media for all I care.................cause bubba is gonna be "enjoying" him next.

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory,"Really, well the #$%$ that was tight today now stretches to baby size tomorrow.

His parents must be so proud.

Cost of Killer Lane..to US tax payers..!By giving 3 Life sentences..the Judge punished the victims..once again..! How much would it cost to tax payers..? This nut is 18 now. Assumes he lives up to 78 years. That si 60 Years each month costing $8000 to tax payers. That is 8000 X 12 X 60 = $5,760,000.00..! But a bullet is less expensive ($2.00)..! There is no cost reduction in US JAILS..!!

Who let this jerk wear that shirt?This problem of kids using guns instead of just punching out the person(s) they have a beef with is alarming. Too many of today's kids are resorting to this behavior. What went wrong...was it the school, was it the parents, was it the media influences of games or movies? We need to fix something. Like the jocks in Steubenville... where are the morals of these kids coming from?

that small framed boy has a big framed Demon inside him busting his seams to get out

This sick young man is smug now, will he be when there is a 5 car pile up on his Hersey Highway in the prison shower?Probably not but he will be spending a long time behind bars and will probably learn a lot of things the hard way... He is not that big and will be seen as fresh meat to the sharks the swim behind bars, when the blood hits the water there will be no place to run and hide...

fresh meat

This #$%$ bag is pure evil and this guy needs to be terminated.  Why waste anymore valuable time trying to rehab this sicko.  He wants to kill so let him know what it feels like to be killed!

How can he be so caviler Prison is full of gay men.

all local news (regarding guns) is national News to help the Obumbacrats and their agenda

More proof that evil remains in this world.

Take a good long look at the "PRODUCT" of this Godless society.....

I wonder how quickly the shi**y little smirk on his face will disappear when Bubba comes to say hello in prision.I cannot imagine being so far removed human emotions as this child is.

Any one can pull a trigger. I'll never understand, these type of crimes.

Some good rope and strong tree is what this evil (p)rick should face...why he isn't being put to death is beyond me. What message does that send to these little ingrate killers, and now this punk get's three hots and a cot at the taxpayer expense. Bleeding hearts...

Doubt he will have much time for masturbation while in prison considering he most likely will be used for someones wife.

Why WASTE tax $? Send this piece of American S**T to Afghanistan to work as a labor..! All convicted cRiminals for rapes, murders, shootings should be sent to Iraq and Afghanistan to work as labor helping our troops instead of feeding these animals in our bloated jails. This is what British Govt did in mid 19th Century sending their priosoners to Australia and NZ.!

Very sad to have a young person so filled with hate. He will reap what he has sown.

Why was he not wearing jail clothes and how in the world did they let him in with 'killer' written on his shirt? Or how could you not bind and gag his filthy mouth when he started spewing forth like a sewer?We are too soft on evil people like this.I believe that Jesus came to provide salvation for the soulbut I do not believe he intended for capital punishment to be done away with because it is a part of government and He did not put an end to government.I pity the family having to listen to this evil.May God bless them.

He will get color tv, 3 hots and a cot, friendship, all kinds and that is more than we give our returning veterans. That is a crying shame.

Thank goodness our prison system is screwed up enough to allow prisoners the freedom to rape and sexually assult fellow inmates at will.

I really wish this loser didn't get his hands on a weapon.  He would have caught a beating if he had to rely on his fists or his wits."The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said Yes, but it won't be himself he's pleasing. It will be his new husband.

Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha.... (Lane in his 1st lifetime)Silence...{with occasional knashing of teeth}... (Lane in his 2nd lifetime)More Silence... {more Knashing of teeth}... (Lane in his 3rd lifetime)Utter Silence ... forever ... (Lane for eternity)

At least he'll be with his own kind.  I'll bet he loses that attitude fast if he lives long enough.

soon one of his T-Shirts will say "I'm with Bubba"

Minor or not death penality is warrented. Shame on the corrections staff for allowing the idiot to wear the T shirt into court and the judge for allowing as well. The judicial system is horrible, there is no justice in todays society.

He'll get an orange jump-suit with #$%$" written on it.

Underage and too troubled to attend a regular school yet he's still able to get his hands on a firearm?  I'm thinking there are some adults that should be facing an investigation in connection to this incident.

I dare him to wear that tea shirt in prison (let him),  He will find that ALL prisoners do no tolerate his type of crime.  They will eventually get him... gaurds cannot always keep their eyes on him... and probably might want to give their eyes a rest... on that upcoming fateful day for Lane.

he will be crying like a little school girl when they walk him in for the introductions.

When that scrawny little whiteboy gets to the joint he's going to be swallowing man milk by the gallon!I hope Bubba doesn't lube up first.

He has a pretty #$%$ sucking smile!!

Was the gun on Dianne Feinstein's list of guns to BAN? A 22 caliber pistol? Stupid Beeyotch!

hey TJ Lane dumbshit.....you now have all the time to laugh and masturbate in prison....just think TJ.....no more facebook, no more iphone, no more freedom..........and you got a bunch of other prisoners to worry about.........

What a low life.  He's going to have a very miserable life and I am glad of it.  To bad they couldn't execute him and save the tax payers mega bucks keeping this P.O.S. alive.

Coward.

Now that's what I like to see.  Unrepentant owning of the deed.  None of that mamby-pamby fake regret.  One real badazz.  Wonder how long it will take in prison, where he will be one of the smaller killers, and without a gun, before he develops some regret about how he made his own life a living hell, never mind the lives he stole from the rest of the world.

This little punk has no idea what's in store.

so far he has been staying in county lock up.  I don't think he will be smirking too long in the big boy prison! :)

the beauty of this, he is in Ohio. Ohio has some of the toughest prisons in the USA. Good luck their Francis !Hi my name is bubba and you must be killer well now your name is cupcake

He won't be smirking and smiling when he's made some tattoed brute's #$%$.

Why waste tax dollars on garbage like this?  You know this type will never be a productive part of society.  Judgment = Dirt Nap.

Maybe if we had the balls to execute more of these underage monsters, it would stop being so cruel and unusual?

Toodles....y'a little mutt.  Now, where was I....?

And you thought it was their fault your life wasn't going well. Now you have the rest of your life to see just what bad really is. God help you now, son.

One good thing about today's teens that murder... they didn't have to learn about God when they were in school

What makes them so sick?

There's going to be a long line of inmates waiting their turn after he's done with his self pleasure....hopefully he offs himself and saves everyone the trouble of thinking about him and paying for his incarceration. And if not, may he live a long and tortured life with it ending in relentless pain and suffering.

WHAT??? A 22.  Where was the AK and the AR15, with large magazines???  You cant kill anyone with a 22.  and a knife... Can you????You cannot pass any laws that will outlaw evil.. When are people finally going to learn this?

Why are my tax $$$$$$'s being used to support this "person" (lose term!) even if it is in prison. His TV will probably be newer than mine.  Oh well!

Why would you allow this turd to speak.He should have had tape over his mouth.Why was he allowed to wear that shirt.Hope they use him as a sex toy.

He thinks he is bullet proof??? Wait till bubba gives him the LOW DOWN in the BIG HOUSE.

death would be better.

How was he allowed to wear that t-shirt in court room?? I hope he get's F'-d to death in prison....little P.O.S.

Well, he'll have a long time to think about it. Or at least as long as it takes him to get someone in prison angry enough to kill him. With his attitude, that shouldn't take too long.

sounds to me like he's not possessed of just his own spirit.

That smirk will be wiped off of his face once he get's to the big house.

I'm sure the judge has never made a convict angery before. Enjoy your death sentence Pugsly. Life in a concrete box truely is the cruelest form of punishment.He is in for a world of hurt in prison...the boys there will take a liking to him immediately

Where have all the adults gone in America. We are a nation of children..

It's Lobotomy time ! ! !

Thank god i'm retired and no longer pay taxes to support this kind of #$%$ for the rest of his life!!!With a little luck, someone will put him out of our misery while on his way to prison!

What scares me is how many others like him are out there.

And why should he be allowed to take another breath??  Eliminate him now. He serves absolutely no purpose to society and would not be missed one bit.  I'd happily volunteer to flip the switch, push the plunger, trigger the gallows or pull the trigger and not miss a minute's sleep afterwards!

I don't think anybody wants this piece of trash rehabilitated or kept alive to form a cult following like Charles Mansion. Burning him in a town square in front of all the families of the victims he mocked would be the only way to end this type of sensless murders.

Bring back the death penalty and public execution.

3 life sentences. Is he a cat?

Where are the libs that say rehabilitation is in order with this human #$%$?In my opinion (and we all know what is said about opinions), this kid was/is demonically possessed. Plain and simple!

most of this could be solved with a two parent home and parents not afraid to discipline (i.e. spank) their kids. Worked for me, and worked for my kids. These things weren't issues in my day.

in two years he would "find god " be born again and go before the borad asking to start a new "life" so that he can "serve god", and good chance they will belive him.

no winners here.

This little pos deserves anything and everything that happens to him once he gets behind the bars of prison. I hope those inmates show no mercy on this pathetic waste of air.

Now the tax payers in Ohio will feed and clothe this piece of #$%$ for the next 20-30 years

So....since he did'nt use but a .22 caliber pistol, the media is not all over this as another gun grab issue. That tells me that the caliber of the firearm used determines the sensationalism the media decides to pile on top of the already overbeaten topic of firearm control.

This was the last moment of his life where he had power, it's over now.  He is about to embark on a very difficult life in prison.  A slim young white guy, it will not be pretty.

Gun advocates and Second Amendment Rights lovers are proud as hell he was able to geta hold of the .22 he used.

What? A .22 with a 10 round mag??? I thought only asault weapons with 30 round mags killed people....Any ideas on how to fix our children.  Something has gone very wrong in the last twenty years.

Big Bubba gots a new roomate...

This defiant little piece of S(H**IT).  The judge should have kicked his a**s^s out of the courtroom.  Observe the smug smile in one of the above photos.  How dare he address the judge with this T-shirt as his attire. Why did the guards allow him to wear this in court????  It is a slap in the face to the judge and the justice system!!!

Ya, Mr. President it's because of a type of Gun. What a Wizard you and congress are, We ALL sooo proud of you. No wonder America is Bankrupt !

The guns and the NRA made him do it and if congress can just pass one more anti-gun law, we will all be able to sit around and hold hands in peace.

At least he's not desperately ginning up false tears, glib apologies and exculpatory excuses, like so many in his position do.

This is all part of a game, his lawyer will appeal and use his client's behavior in court as proof that he is inseam and he will get off with time served and a visit to a shrink twice a month for a few years

And Casey Anthomy got off!

When a Murderer is allowed to live the blood of his victims is on the hands of all who know him and the corrupt system that tried him......

There is a mother out there saying what a good kid he was...wouldn't hurt a fly...just is misunderstood...He looks so innocent like all the murderous teen age killers in the United States. Proves there is something very sick in U.S. society that produces such monsters ! What could it be ?

Once in a while you wish the cops would have shot first, asked questions later ...

he masterbated ?NEWS FLASH!!!!!! there will be a lot of that the rest of your life.now your pathetic self has the honor of being somebodys beeitch.he'll be crying for his mommy in thirty days after he hits the yard.if he thinks he's bad now just wait....he'll be somebodys bad broad real soon.

Can someone give me one good reason why, even though he was a juvenile when he killed those people, he's not being put to death?  3 life sentences without parole means he will be the ward of the state for as long as he lives.....why keep paying to keep him alive?

Once again our justice system has failed! He should have been slowly hung in public in front of the court house to show others what happens to criminals like him.

he may have mental illness but a judge ruled he was competent to stand trial.  That means the law found he was able to understand what he had done, right from wrong, and the legal process that would try him.  If he is mentally healthy enough to understand all of that but still acted they way he did in the courtroom I can not help but wonder what kind of family he comes from.

Given his age and size... He's going to be very popular in prison. Good luck there T.J.

Bask in the limelight for now.  Without the protection, he will be a different person.  He is either without a conscience or sick in some way.

sick society produce sick people.

Give him lethal injection and save taxpayers thousands.a teenager acting like that, his parents ought to be incarcerated too.

Butt buddies

This defective unit needs to be deactivated not sit around and breath up air and eat the taxpayers chow.

He is going to get pounded and beat upon often in prison. Many inmates have children.

Hey Mr Funny,make sure you carve "insert here" on your lower back with an arrow pointing downward.

LOL..he writes killer on the front,the rest of the inmates will be marking fresh fish on the back..LOL

Lived in Brevard County, FL.  Within a yr., three youts killed.  No older than 22.  Recd.Life sentences; 1989 or so.20 yrs plus later......... look at them;  key in, Dept. of Corrections, FL.Key in the names, Edwin Willis, James H. Savage and Paul Chapman.These guys live in different prisons yet, they all look alike.  Note the appearnce oftotal despair.Young men, involved with drugs.  It's a terrible, terrible combination.  People dieas a result, you know.   LOOK... LOOK at the image of the killers.    Bill

Bubba will ask him "do you want to be the husband or the wife? and he will say the husband. Bubba will then tell him to get on his knees and give his wife a ......"

How sad for his family and the family of the victims. This kid must have some serious emotional issues that are yet to  be addressed. There are so many cold and callous people that this world is becoming a tragedy of what it once was. His family must be devestated because like any other child he was someones son and now he is a fragment of what they used to know.

Why spend money on this pos for the next 3 centuries?I am sorry but it is NOT the way I want my tax money spent.He is cute enough for the main yard.

I'll say it again....parents PARENT your children! This kid didn't just wake up one day like that!  Short of an extreme medical condition or mental issue (which should have been actively attended to) there were red flags that were obviously ignored by the adults in his life. Tragically three young lives were cut short because someone didn't make parenting their number one priority ....that's my opinion, so haters have at it, but seriously, pick up a newspaper!  It's terrible out there...those teens in Ohio, the shooting in Connecticut, the shooting in Oregon ...children need to be a parents top priority, not just when they're babies. This world is hard to live in for kids they need our love, guidance and attention daily!  Parenting is not a job you ever retire from!  My prayers go out to all the families

I wonder how wide he'll smile when the general population gets to him.  He's easy prey for people who will show him the meaning of pain.  I hope it never lets up for him.

Well, doubt if he'll make a year before he gets tired of being raped and commits suicide.

We can only hope that someone will make him pay in prison. I pray he  runs into the bad guy real soon and puts him out of his misery. This clown is pure evil.

This little turd better change his 'tude or he's gonna' die in a prison shower with a mop handle jammed up his rectum.

His shirt will only read WIFE for a short time.He'll die soon enough at the hands of his fellow killers.They seem to take offense to those who are proud of their deeds.

Beat his skull until he really is whacko.

He wouldn't last long in the general population, the coward will probably opt for solitary confinement. This is one sick puppy.

I really hope he bunks with a big huge schwarze, who on the first night is going to say "well, well, well, lookie what we have here . . . "Time outs don't work people, but busting that a*s does.  You can't "ask" your kids not to do things.  You have to put your foot down.  Stop trying to be their friend.  They have friends.  They need parents!

Just another good teen right? we all know what the Yahoo #$%$ racist would be saying if this were a black teen, don't we.

In Cailofinia he would get 30 days of mandatory anger management courses and 70 hours of community serivice.

wiw this man does not even had a bit of remorse.I do hope hes raped n beat in prison n lives 2 tell about it.i dont wish death upon him&gt;i wish rape n beating n that he  live nice  n long.

"evidence he suffers from hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies"  so why is he not legally insane?    giving the finger to the audiance in the courtroom including his own family....... either the family has been molesting him or he is crazy

Immaturity and crazy....a deadly combination.

These looney tunes ares a good reason to keep a gun handy...   Know how to use it and carry it with you all the time...  Guns are the great equalizers to stand-up for your rights and against abuse...  rapists and rabble in general..   It's always better to be tried by 12 than to be carried by 6..   Remember ... 2-taps per target before moving on the the next.

Prison will change his views.

he's gonna make a real perrty girlfriend for his cell mate

Yeah, and as soon as he hits the "Big House" he'll see how much of a "Killer" he is....This punk will be a trophy for some lucky inmate.

good look getting raped. my sister can snap this scrawny little neck.

Funny there was no penalty for him at 17, he was old enough to pull the trigger. I think it's time to get rid of all these feel good rules. He should be set up so any of the victims can take their revenge.Turning the other cheek just get's you a sunburn.

This #$%$ should be left alone with the dead kids parents for a day or two.  They will wipe that smerk off his face.

Teabag will be proud to call him "pretty"

This is a case where clearly, everyone will accept a cruel and unusual punishment.  He should get 40 lashes a day for 40 years, or until dead.

Was it the person or the gun this time?

I give him five days before he's taking some black guy's #$%$ in his #$%$.

burn the dipsh/t

If he was tried as an adult then the POS should have received the death penalty. Why should tax payers keep him alive and well in prison when he is of no value and will never be of any value and can NEVER be released or parolled because he's insane and a muderer with not only no conscience but no heart and no soul - a true sociopathic psychotic murderer.  This was definitely a case for the death penalty. Maybe he will not survive prison when inmates learn that he murdered 3 kids.  Justice comes in many forms.I resent supporting this degenerates continued fouling of the air that I breath with my tax money...KILL HIM!

He'll be walking with a limp for the rest of his life after Bubba and friends bend his bony butt over  in the yard.  That little 90 pounder will get so tired of pulling his pants back up he'll probably just go naked and change his name to "Lucy".

Here is the perfect example of a case for the death penalty. No remorse, nothing. What is the purpose of keeping this animal in prison? How does society benefit from feeding, clothing, educating and taking care of his medical needs for the rest of his life? It's not like he is going to ever become a useful member of society. He will never be more than the disgusting animal he is. They put down dogs and other dangerous animals, and it is what he deserves.

I can't believe they let him wear that shirt. He should be in chains and a jumpsuit. Shame on this court.

He's pretty, and he's going to have LOTS of boyfriends in prison: every night, and every day. Let's hope that the families get some satisfaction in knowing that for the rest of his life A) nobody will know that he even exists and B) He's going to be somebody's bit** with nobody to help him out of it.

the ohio justice system is to blame! many are not repentant of their murders so prison is just a place to hang out and watch tv and perhaps have your perverted sexual relationships.

He won't be grinning when he's put in general population. Instead of killer it will say thriller...

What T.J. will be hearing for a long time "Hey killer your sure are purdy..."

I see having his teeth knocked out, fecal incontinence, and a prolapsed rectum in his near future. Just made your self a celebrity kid. I'm sure the news is on the TV in the dayroom. Lots are bein cast for who will be first.

Little piece of Sh!$. The 'BIG' boys are gonna' be waiting on this young pup. His pucker string will be drilled out and he'll need diapers within a year.this little sh_ _ can not be rehabilitated just give him the shot and be done with him. even in prison he will no do well just kill the little #$%$ .

Who says we don't produce anything in this country--we produce violent kids with no soul....

didn't need an assault weapon, didn't need high capacity magazines....crazy will always be crazy.

should have waived the age limit and gave him the death penalty.  Eliminate the mentally disturbed and you elimiate a large portion of violent crime and all homosexuals..

Maybe he just needs the demons cast out of him.

Somebody's gonna get himself some killer boyfriends.

seems we are never left with a clear motive in any of these cases.

practice bending over little boy.........cause you'll be doing it alot in the slammer!......nothing better for this white trash is a life sentance of bending over ..over and over and over again.....then die and rot in hell!

He won't live long someone will shank him&gt;  I'd give him 2 years at tops before he gets it.

I guess he wanted to go to prison..Hope he'll be happy being cell block B......ch !!!!!hes gonna make sum bubba a happy home maker!

They should have hung this kid right there in the middle of the court room.I'm sure he is looking forward to becoming Bubbas new pin cushion though.

Taser his little punk #$%$ until he is crispy.

Another loser and our taxes will go up because of this jerk, maybe his parents should start paying for his food and sleeping quarters in prison.

Arrogance personified. Three hots and a cot for life... does not seem an even trade for the deaths of 3 people. Not a passionate death penalty advocate but come on people...this is a little much.

He will have a long time to think about what he did in those three life sentences. Only way he will leave prison is with a tag on his toe!

I bet he doesn't wear that same smirk in the prison shower.

A .22 pistol? Ok liberals.... Pay attention now, this could get difficult for you to understand... He did not use a high capacity mag and still killer multiple. Gun laws do not work. They only hinder the law minded not the criminals. You can breath now....

Another smiling bauld rat faced punk to throw on the pile.

Its going to get real for this POS once he is in prison.Pugsly obviously was never taught good manners. I hope they send him to the darkest, grimmest prison they have and he gets shanked to death in the cafeteria.

And why are we going to be spending MILLIONS of dollars to house and feed this person for the next 60-70 years???  WHY?  Sometimes ANIMALS need to be put down.  Why should this individual get to experience LIFE, when he has absolutely no regard for it?

Useless Sociopath! Finish him!

Everyday anymore you hear about school shootings. What is happening in our society? When I was in school I never had any fear of shootings.

hope he gets in the end ... meaning the back end over and over ...

Now Pugsly can draw a bullseye on his butt.

There are some that look human but are not!

Wait until he gets to prison and bubba gets ahold of him,,, don't drop the soap!

Hope he get the Jeffrey Dahmer broomstick.....

We don't keep rabid dogs alive in perpetual animal farms. Why keep that vermin alive?Cleanse the gene pool please ASAP! Some life forms are not worth the costs of keeping them.

Why he wore shirt with that sign ? Prison clothes and nothing as offensive like that . Victims families must look at him and can't imagine what I would do ......how stupid . Death panelty , don't let him stick around on our expense .....PERIOD !!!

Pure evil. Thank God he'll never get out of prison.

Give a GUN to his Parents..! Let them shoot their own EVIL creation..! before that he should marry FL killer Mom Casey and produce a REAL..SATAN..!

just leave a door open and shoot him a block away for escaping.

I'll donate the bullet!

Pure evil.

I want to hear all the liberal, political correct rhetoric as to why this pos miscreant should not be treated like the piece of dirt he is and made to suffer day in and day out? Lets hear it?

Forgive him.

Gonna have a sore starfish pretty soon!Put him to Death! What a waste of skin.

There are no words to describe him.It is hard to believe that his family could not see how evil he is.

Does Ohio have the death penalty?  Why not?  If there was one good reason for it, here it is!

Another *responsible* gun owner let his firearm get into the wrong hands.

Having been born at the end of the Boomer generation and graduation from high school in1968 I ended up in the hippie generation. Talk about culture shock.  I was raised that I couldn't do anything and the world telling me I could do everything.  Women's Lib did not help the transition at all.As far a I am concerned the hippies and the women's libers are the root of all these problems.  Kids grown up without structure, role models, rules and consequences.I worked and raised 3 kids (thanks to God, they turned out to responsible, loving, hard working, and respectful adults).Women need to have a good education because frequently they end up being the sole income earner.  But I believe the a mother should be home when her children are home.  This includes teenagers.  They actually need us home even more than the babies.  This is when they develop how are are going to become.  Parents need to be involved in all aspects of their children lives. Know your kids friends and their parents. Your kids will know you love them by setting boundaries, being consistent and don't take any back talk.  "Spare the rod, spoil the child."  Lead by example.None of us want our sons to become the b**** for some 300 lb bully.

Alternative school is not to quote the writer, "for students who haven't done well in traditional settings".  It is for thugs that regular schools can't handle.  The ones who are too worthless to be a regular classroom.

That judge should be fired for allowing this in a court room.

The Insanity in the Blue State Urban Cesspools is beginning to make me uneasy....I hope that none of these Psycho's migrate down to the Super Thriving Texas......Texas could already build a Battleship with all the Blue State Vehicle License Plates in their Recycle Centers.....

The common denominator for all of these mass shootings is mental sickness.  Scary that we medicate these kids from such an early age, we are creating a generation of sociopaths.

the #$%$ judge should have ordered the bailiff to kill him on the spot when he pulled that stunt in court.I was a correction officer in a prison for 3yrs, Believe you me they will beat that smile off that face, I got news for him when they want something anything and including sex. They don't ask they just take it. Young like that he will be somebody #$%$.

his tiny hands will be masturbating some big black guy named "bubba"

Saltpetre for you! No more wacking off!

To start with, why was this punk allowed to wear that tee shirt at all?Secondly, following the handing down of a "life" sentence in Ohio, how many years will this parasite actually serve?

This kid is SICK

That little twarp has been segregated in jail up to this point. Wait until he hits gen pop. He is in for a RUDE awakening.

Too bad no one set this kid strait before he killed people.

I'll bet that smug grin will disappear once you hit the system and gets a taste of reality. Enjoy your last days of being able to flatulate like a man. As soon as you become some other animal's #$%$, there will be nothing but soothing "sighs" coming out of you, boy. Good riddance.

He wont be smirking when he's taking it in both hole's every night.

Thrown him over the North Korean border.How does he get a black marker in jail to write on his shirt?

This is why capital punishment is sometimes a VERY good idea.  Why should we pay for this sick b-stard to live one minute longer?

My prediction? The killer will be killed in prison.  Sad. Live by the sword, die by the sword.

Punks like this need to be  disposed off.  Now he is going to be very well cared at taxpayers expense for the nex 60+ years.

How was he allowed to wear this T shirt to court?  If he was caught trying to wear this, they should have stripped it off him and put a nice orange jumpsuit on him with hand and feet shackles that made it difficult to walk or gesture.  Additionally, a Hannibal Lecter style mask so the victim's relatives did not have to endure unnecessary verbal torture.  This little puke needs a good dose of "Life and Times in Prison" which could include handcuffs BEHIND his back that would prevent....well, you know.  He shouldn't have any pleasures at all, even self indulgent ones.  Eeesh.  Where will it all end.

The reason why he's not executed is because the US government profits from such inmates. The younger they are,the more profitable they are in the long run. It's always the money.

Mark my words...he will eithe A. Be dead within a month there, probably by his own hands because he is a coward or B.  Be the significant other for many a tenant of the prison he will be in.  The mother of one victim was correct, he is a sad excuse for a human being.

Not only do I feel sorry for his victims, but I feel sorry for this kid, for the choices he has made, and that no one recognized that he needed help before he went on his psychotic rampage. Shame on his parents.

Just great, he gets easy street while the taxpayers pay 50,000 a year.

Since there is no doubt that he is guilty just execute the crazy little #$%$?Hey Duncan Meet Bubba.

He'll be crying for his mommy very soon.

let the parents kill him!!!!!! why wast tax payers money ?

Just leave him alone in a room with one or more of the fathers of the boys he killed!  Justice will be served!!!

Check back with us in 50 years. Show us how smart you are then.

He wont have to worry about masturbating, he's going to be taking it in the #$%$

Have fun being raped.

This monster masquerading as a human being should be IMMEDIATELY taken outside and shot like the wild animal he is. It disgusts me that he is allowed to breathe the same air that his victim's families do.

See how he feels in 25 years or, better yet, in the moment when the ice pick passes through his skull.

I've changed my mind. I no longer hope he's killed early on in prison. Please authorize me to legally exterminate him myself.A true sick POS. Hope he's murdered in prison so the rest of us do not have to support his butt for 60 years.  However....and just as important...I feel that parents of these creeps must also be prosecuted and there should be a bill for laws on the books that if your creepy kids commit these heinous crimes and you didn't do your job as a parent than you go to prison, too.

Tragic accounts like this deserve not one word of reporting.  It is obvious that the motivation behind such insanity is the illusion that publicity is some sort of reward.

Execute this piece of garbage ASAP and move on.

Ohhh its a shame he's not living in Texas.. We fry people like this!

what a waste of flesh. exterminate it

I think this #$%$ needs to feed on a diet of feces.  Maybe that will give him some humility.  Piece of garbage.

First smirk he made in court should have been his last!

HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE DEATH PENALTY

He will soon find out how tough he really isnt once his arrogant #$%$ enters the worls of prison life....good luck because he is about to become somebodys boytoy

Lets see how wide that smile is 20 years into his sentence.Rot in jail, burn in Hell

Classic example of what is wrong with our justice system and why we have the issues we have today. How the H e ll do you serve three life sentences. Where is the death penalty?? Are judges afraid to use it if so step down. Second why is there no mention of all the other laws that have been broken here? Someone lost control of their pistol or supplied him with one since he is not old enough to own one. Start enforcing the laws that we already have and get rid of these little prophylactic poster children and you will see crime and killings go away.

The officer behind him looks like he wants to take him out right there in the courtroom .

Only in Florida can a killer get sympathy... looking at you --&gt; Zimmerman

We'll see how bad he is when he gets Big Bubba for a cell mate.They like little white boys in prison.He'll be crying like a #$%$.

I would love to be there to witness his first brutal anal rape in the showers!

Something tells me he will be crying like a girl when his roommate in prison gets a hold of him.

This pretty little boy is going to be bawling like a baby after a week in prison general population...  He's all tough in the courtroom, but has no ideas of the horrors that await him for the rest of his life.

Let's see, I said something about waste's of human flesh awhile back that needed to die rather than lounging around in jails for the rest of thier lives sponging off the tax payers! Prime example here! Just put one in his head and get it over with!

We'll see how impressed with himself he is in 10 years.I hate it for those family members that had to listen and watch that behavior. They should have straight jacked and gagged IT when he started that bull. Sorry excuse for a human there.

Put him in with the sodomites!!!

I am glad they didn't give this punk the death penalty. This scrawny punk is gonna get beat like a drum in prison by all the murders/rapists. This TJ Layne is gonna be bleeding out of his *sswhole.

He's not a very big guy, but I am assuring him that "Bubba" is a very big man..if you catch my drift

Hopefully Big Bubba and Spike will be welcoming him in jail. Hope he likes it in the rear

Why 3 Life sentences ?   ONE electric chair would seem much better .

You wont have to masurbate! Bubba is waiting for you and you are gonna be handed around for smokes and soda pop.

Now let's make sure the psycho STAYS locked up, or we'll be reading about another massacre.    Some people are simply mentally ill.

Part of a song that fits this...You put up a frontYou put up a fightAnd just to show we feel no spiteYou can be our acolyteBut first, boy, it's time to bowOr it's your own grave you'll dig, boyYou're playing with the big boys nowPlaying with the big boysNow!

Lets see how long you stay smiling  and smirking once you get to prison  "Killer".obviously the guns fault

So he had all these issues, and they obviously knew about them because he was already going to a school for kids who can't function normally in regular schools... someone really dropped the ball here. I would find it hard to believe that someone who behaved the way he did in court would not have displayed warning signs on a fairly regular basis.

Until society return to the old ways of living naturally and not industrial... things like this will never go away. It will continue to get worse and worse. Trust me, I've walked this earth for centuries and Humans have lost their minds in the last 200 years.

And to think some mother actually gave birth to this guy.

Lol....tough guy huh.

Death Penalty!!!!

Waste of time , money and air , this young man is beyond help. You notice how these criminals always cry mental issues or insanity when they get caught.If one of the kids he killed would have been one of my own , he wouldn't be breathing right now. The legal system in America is to blame for all the violence that we see everyday. Years of not cracking down on criminals that commit violent crimes is catching up to us and over crowding the jails and prisons.Also thanks to all the S#C#U#M#B#A#G lawyers who use the laws against the victims and courts to get reduced sentences for their clients.Guns aren't the problem in America!! The real issue is that the United States judicial system has made the criminals do the things they know they can get by with .Criminals know they will get hardly NO time for their murder , rape or robberies. A person in the U.S. will get more time in prison for computer fraud than a person who murders another human.The laws are TOO lax on criminals with no more than smacks on the wrists and told not to do it again.Criminals don't FEAR the justice system in America because they know from history of other criminals who didn't do any time for felonies they committed S#C#U#M#B#A#G#S of the earth lawyers know how to work the laws to help worthless criminals get the least amount of time from their crime. They get treated better than most men and women that served in the Armed Forces after returning from the battlefield fighting for American freedoms do. Criminals are treated with 3 hots and a cot with all medical paid and luxuries that most working honest citizens can't get. Prisons have sports courts, t.v., exercise equipment and chances for inmates to further their education on the taxpayers dime so they can get their sentences reduced and get out of prison early. American justice system is a joke and until criminals are afraid of going to jail then we might as well build more prisons to house the never ending flow of new generations of fearless criminals.Until Americans get TOUGH on crime and quit P#U#S#S#Y footing around and make examples of criminals who break the law to deter others from doing so ,the United States will continue to be the leader of the world in crime violence.Guns are not the problem dumb crazy people are the REAL problem put the mentally ill on short leashes with proper help and with limited access to the public.Gang banger's need to be taken out in the Pacific Ocean and dropped off on an island away from the society that they don't contribute to.All illegal immigrants should be deported immediately. Murderers need put to death for taking another life no if and's or buts.All crimes committed against children punishable by death no exceptions. "GET TOUGH AND GET RESULTS" God bless and help the U.S.A.!!!

This is the type of POS that pollute the schools for years and then we #$%$ about the teachers being held accountable.  I bet this was the first stime he was in trouble.  should have been shipped awqay and isolated years ago.

Just off him

There must be something in the water: rapists in Stupidville and mothers stuffing infants in totes to Amish hacking of beards ,to this jackhole killing his classmates and boasting, to the Craiglist killer what the hell happened to the Buckeye?how did that guy put in Redstate?...daily sthoopings by coke can sized c*o*c*k,gotta love that irony,eh Joe?.....LOL....that young boy is due for a wide awakening:)LOL

Now this punk needs a shirt that says "Big Bubba's Boy Toy."

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said. Just wait until Jamal and Jesus hear about this in the big house. We will see how funny he thinks he is then.

What a piece of #$%$.  He never should have been allowed to wear that shirt in court and the SECOND he started spouting off disrespectful garbage to the victims, his #$%$ should have been shoved down in the chair and he should have been gagged.  If he's "competent" to stand trial, someone should have wiped that smirk off his face with a right hook.  I hope the SOB has a great time in prison.

Bubba has him a new #$%$! This "killer" is about to be a ho.

What idiot at the jail allowed him to dress like that for court?He also should have been taken down and drug back into a cell for his actions in the court room.He will soon stop smiling.

Good thing it wasn't Lindsey Lohan's judge or he would have gotten 6 months of rehab and 30 days community service.

Bend over and pick up the soap!

And we have to pay for the next 50 years to keep him alive. May every day be a living hell!p.s. I bet his killer shirt goes over well with Bubba.

great now we get to support him for 60-70 years wheres the death penalty when you need it.If anyone cannot recgnize that this person has mental issues, we are all in the crapper (which we are...thanks to our fine three branches of corruptness in perpitude)

He may not be so smug in a couple of years when his rectum is about 6 inches wide.

He was probably BORN this way...huh perverts???

How many life sentences does the gun get?  The gun did the killing you know.

Wonder when we will all wise up and just go ahead and start frying these creeps like a pieces of bacon? The grief the victim's families are left with will be in their hearts forever while pieces of dung like this hateful punk bastid use up good, breathable air. Do away with them.

Like i suggested with the WTC bomber Chain him forever to the scene of his crime as the official janitor and only restrain the public from killing him.Like the stocks of the puritan days leave him on public display as aservant of all society.More deterent value than the death penalty or life without parole.

Gonna be a lotta bendin' over and ankle grabbin'  in this little wuss's future................

We need to find a more effective way to earlier identify and treat the mentally ill.

"Investigators have said he admitted to the shooting but said he didn't know why he did it."Well, maybe it's because he is a little #$%$ hole.

This loser is a good argument that the death penalty should be applied to anybody that murders. If a dog kills a child, the dog is euthanized.  How much more should it be applied to this evil punk who should know the difference between right and wrong. Death or life in prison, he has thrown his future away.Too bad, some don't believe in the death penalty.  This piece of human garbage will get  free ride on the taxpayer's dime for the next sixty years at some graybar hotel, unless some bleeding heart liberal lets him out in five years for good behavior.

The USA is not Blessed.  It is a place that is full of hate, greed and murder.

Sorry, but how many more of these sob's walk amongst us?? I am afraid to answer that; now it's about time to make sure teachers are allowed to be armed after proper training, or each school have an armed guard, as part of the overhead, walking the halls.We have enough money to give to all these countries that hate us, let alone for wars in far off places, or for bailing out GM and watching them move factories to China.  Why not employ an armed guard in every school.Ps- I would have no problem pulling the switch on this kid-- he is the Charley manson of his generation..

This why we need hangings right outside the court house .it should even be viewed on public television.It would do  2things,save money and maybe teach valuable lessons of life.

Oh I'm tired of reading the posts on here blaming it on the parents. Quit blaming the parents. I had lots and lots of schoolmates with bad parents but none of the kids shot my school up. You don't have to have great parents to know not to murder people. Get real.

would someone please slip a belt into that pathetic #$%$ cell.

OMG, he used one of those high-capacity, military style, commando-colored .22's......BAN THEM!!!!!!

AND- on that note-  by showing this story I almost guarantee the next NUT JOB is planning his "15 minutes of fame" right now !

If illegals cost $119 per night to hold what is this guy gonna cost-  Why waste tax payer money.   50 yr @ current rates-  he's a 3M burden on our society !  Flip the switch and watch the lights dim for second or two!  Problem would be solved....

lock him in a room with the victims dads and see what he says.. everyones tough when they know they have cops protecting themIt cost $280,000 - $350,000 dollars A YEAR to keep someone in PRISON. It only cost $9.99 to buy the rope to HANG THEM. Our National Deficiet would drop by $850,000,000 a year if LIFE sentices or anyone sentenced over 7 years automatically qualify for the DEATH PENALITY! Crime would become almost non-existant if CRIMINALS KNOW death is waiting for them. The largest DEBT in America is the Criminal Justice System, law enforcement keeps catching them, judges sentence them and WE Citizens have to PAY for them!

He is a candidate for a full frontal lobobomy.

This kid is such a fool he has know idea the pain and suffering he will endure for the next 70 years

The only good sentence?  Tie him to a post and shoot him tommorow.

"Killer" is kinda pretty for prison.

OH GREAT......now the taxpayers get to feed, clothe and provide medical treatment, etc to this idiot for the next 70+ years.

Let's just put him to sleep. That's what they do to vicious animals. Tell me do you see a difference? NO MERCEY. Let's take back our society. Maybe a little OLD WILD WEST isn't all that bad. At least some of us would feel safer.

oh my this kid is really sick in the head and in his soul for sure. It's like he is possessed. wow they said he was of sound mind, they were wrong.

He will be in jail soon and will be passed around among the inmates as a sex toy.  His teeth will be knocked out and his anal cavity will be well lubricated.

For all the people who don't feel we need the death penalty-Reread this article and then explain to my why this POS shouldn't be put down.This kid shows absolutely no remorse none what soever and get 3 life sentences at the tax payers expense why.He should get the death penalty!

Guns don't kill people, etc. etc.

Thank God this miscreant can never procreate.

That baliff looks like he'd drill the punk for $.50 cents.

Why not the death penalty for this creep.  I just don't get it anymore the worthless f Vks kills and get a place to live and food to eat on the tax payer.  This guy needs to die but should have the cr@p slapped out of him first for his attitude in the courtroom.  I'm sure BUBBA will make him a twink #$%$.

a pathetic excuse for a human being.

ooohh yaaaa haaahdah haaadah ooooh ya. Kids mouth is going to have stretch marks on day 1.

Now he'll find God and tell everybody to forgive him. Luckily the State is deaf to that kind of talk. Good call judge, I'd have thrown in "and a day" to the end of three life sentences though.

I hope he gets passed around that prison and becomes the Belle of the Ball.....

Amen to that ...kill his #$%$ off..why should we pay to keep him..He got three life sentences. His lawyer leaned in and wispered in his ear, "don't worry, you'll only do half that"......

Lane told the Judge that he could only do one life sentence, the Judge told him to do the best that he can do.

At first, besides the sympathy for the victims and their families, I was feeling sadness at yet another teenage life down the tubes.But after reading about what took place this morning, I am glad that he does not have the ability to terrorize others again.Just saw the press conference givien by his lawyer and sister.  She said that the person in court today was not the brother she grew up.Maybe it was TJ trying to cover his fear.  I don't know.  But one really wonders where it all went wrong.A sad day for all.

Why not let him spend an hour with the victims family in a sealed room , and let the family's have a go at him. I would carve him up like a thanksgiving day turkey.

Americans never take into account the fact that the suburbs, where most of these school shootings occur, are soulless, dead-end, hyper-commercial sewers that take a toll on a person's mental health. No, i havent done research on it, but id be willing to bet that the nature of the suburbs (and perhaps America, in general?) contributes to these incidents. I dont buy that "he was a crazy loner" theory. Everybody in the burbs is a loner.

While most 18 year olds worry about what to do with their lives, or where the biggest party is that night, he doesn't have to concern himself with such matters.  His life is planned out for the next few decades, giving him more time to turn to his real interests: reading and sleeping.

Easy access to guns made it easy for this psycho to act out his fantasies and to stand "tall" in the courtroom, crowing and bragging about it.  The mass killings will never stop as long as anyone and everyone has easy access to all the guns they want.  And they do.

Why is there no story / update on the Arias trial....speaking of sickos.....?   Martinez is making a mockery of the "psychologist" for the defense.  He has lost all credibility and is only helping the prosecutor.   Yaaaaaaaaa!!!!!  Martinez feels so sorry for him, he is trying to be nice to him.  To no avail!!!!!!!!!

Hello TJ, my name is Bubba and your new name is Bubba's #$%$.

Being a liberal I think we should let hm go free and see if he does this again....if he does maybe a time out is required!He sounds like he is insane.

When we let the banks rule our country we end up with a misanthropic, malevolent society.

I'd like to see the look on his face when bubba uses him as a woman then uses his mouth as a toilet. Personally I would stick a .45 in his ear and squeeze.

oh he will loose that smirk when the cameras quit rolling and he meets his new room mate, hope he is big and ugly, punk.

He should have got the death penalty. AT 17, you know what you are doing. Unfortunately for this young man, he allowed his life to be ruined by evil ideas that turned into an evil act, and innocent kids died. I feel sorry for the families of his victims and his parents as well.

wow, it's easy for you all to make ignorant comments like those below, that justice was served, but the truth of the matter is that this kid is schizophrenic, or at least boderline... he may not be aware of his mental difficulties, or the seriousness of his crimes... Yes I know the court appointed psy tech ran a battery of tests to determine his competency, but those tests are biased towards a guilty verdict.( And in fact, the subject may fade in and out of lucidness to skew the results)  The reason I claim Bias is because the justice system has to facilitate a verdict of guilty given the nature of the crime, or else be condemmed as being inneffective  .I'm not going to justify what he did, but instead call your attention to the fact that the age group that this young man is in keeps popping up in the news for heinous crimes... we need to all take a look at how we're raising our young men and women in this country. The loss is great no doubt, but by assigning this mentally Ill person to three life sentences, the outcome is that we taxpayers will have to pay for his incarceration for the rest of his life, And he will not get the treatment he needs.

Hey everyone!  Do you want to retire and have others cook all your meals and do all your work while you lay around and watch TV all day?  Do you want to be somebody?  Sure you'll be infamous, but most of the nation will know your name!  Don't worry, no death penalty will ever be imposed on you.This is essentially what we are saying to the lunatics when we treat these crimes the way we do.

A sick, twisted, poor excuse for a human being. Ya got a good 60 years of rotting in prison ahead of you punk.

Justice prevails! Adios dummy!

There is no justice left in our "Justice" system today... The system spends millions convicting these useless lowlife thugs and then the inept/corrupt "Justice" system rapes the remaining productive civil tax paying citizens again in order to "humanely" support and coddle these little pukes for the rest of their lives.If the justice system in this country still had anything to do with justice, the system would be almost cost natural and these uncivil thug animals would be busy sweating to feed themselves in a more basic stone age type of environment.Life sentences?  HANG HIM.

Well he will have years and years to think how cool and hip this was while eating RAW SH## I am sure they serve and nothing to do but play cards and watch OMG all MEDIA programs like CNN and MSNBC should have killed himself?

When he comes to his senses, at a later age, he will cry, cry, cry.

Must be something more we can do this person (NOT A PERSON),  wish I could think of something.  For the time being----I'll just pass God will surely take good care of this for us.

Forgiveness.  This boy killed because he could not forgive.  Now no one will forgive him, ever.

The good news: We will never have to hear from, look at or hear about this kid, until of course he comes out prison in about a 100 years.

Too bad they couldn't give him the death sentence.. Now us Ohioans have to feed him for life.I'd like to knock that smirk off his face. Would hit him so hard his drivers license would swell up....Hope they beat him in prison...

The democrats new gun law would have prevented this. We have to get it passed so we can see what else they put in it. Maybe they put something that will protect us from evil.

As I have said many times but it still falls on deaf ears.   Our politicians are wasting valuable time banning this and bannig that when they should be focused on healing the heart and soul of our youth.

Yet another example of "Gun Impotence", the limp, lame, socially immature inability to cope, "emote" or other wise cut the mustard in the world without the coward's crutch of a gun.  God Bless America and the "RIGHT" human slaughtering family "values".Because of his crime, they can put him in solitary *for his own good*, where he will lose his mind and beg for gen pop. I say leave him in solitary and let his mind run out his ears.

Uhm.... he suffers hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies.  In the past there would have been mental health options for this boy... locked up in a facility where he could not harm people but these services are no longer available.  No amount of parenting or spanking is going to fix crazy.  There are NO options for parents of mentally unstable children.  I work referrals for a community hospital and more often than not, mentally ill individuals CANNOT get treatment anywhere.

Pray for him, he's lost like so many kids today. I feel sick for the families that lost loved ones, but hate for this boy will only eat away at them. Pray for him and receive peace. Our children are lost today, looking for something and never find it.  God Help Us......

This boy will not be masturbating to what will be happening to him in prison. He'll get everything he deserves very shortly.

Mental illness is a ugly disease and I pray that none of you will get a mental illness or have a family member with mental illness, (it's the guns fault, they are just punks, dumb statements)

Are they sure that he was sane enough to stand trial?

He's a typical pervert, can't forget his pecker even in court!!!

He killed in cold blood, why should we support him in prison for the rest of his life?

The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said, then cursed at and gestured obscenely toward the victims' relatives.  Oh man...T J Lane is pure evil and will surely get "his" while he rots in prison all the days of his pitiful life...

Where did he get the gun?This is exactly what is wrong with our society! 3 LIFE sentences, I thought we each had one life to live, EXECUTE him now! Absolutely STUPID, our justice system is garbage.

There is not enough God in our schools. Kids are growing up with violence and it just keeps getting worse.If parents weren't so busy with there heads up there #$%$ than some kids wouldn't end up being psychotic. when you have kids you are responsible for teaching you kids right from wrong.Now I know that sometimes you can do everything right and still have this mess. Kids need structure and discipline, especially in todays society.

I support the death penalty, and this little turd blossom definitely deserves it. But somehow, the thought of him spending the next 60 or so years in a brutal prison setting, is much more satisfying to me than the thought of him lying on a gurney, and going peacefully to sleep.

I'll bet Bubba doesn't think he's tough.  In fact, I think Bubba's waiting for his new squeeze.

he want be smirking when he gets to his new world and meets some real bad #$%$es that wants his young #$%$, they are  waiting on him and he want be smirking no more... you can bank on it........

I hope he dies in prison within the first week of his term

In prison, his life will be worth less than a pack of smokes.  Have fun being the cell block lovetoy lol.

he only did what he did in the court room because he knew the court wouldn't let the family at him, thats called a coward in my family.

Dina Parmertor said, "From now on, he will only be a killer." Not entirely true. From now on, he'll be Big Bubba's girl friend. We can all take consolation from that. And I hope to hell it hurts, HORRIBLY.

Despite evidence he suffers from hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies.IF this is true....Why the hell was he put among children ?Just put him down. Obviously life sentences are no good. Just take him out.Those victims need to pull money to give to another prisoner to justify for them.he thinks he is big and bad he will get that cocky grin wiped off his face in the bighouse

This little snot's gonna have a hole bigger than Madam Bazonga after about 3 hours in in the joint, and I hope he sees his victims laughing with every thrust....

He's not smart enough to realize just how #$%$ he is.

Don't give him the fame he wants.  Pay tribute to Parmertor, Hewlin and King as well as the other victims.  Not to the perpetrator.

That very well may be the last smart#$%$ smirk that kid ever displays again. The boy has no clue as to what he is in for. Not only will he be someone's b---h for life, he will also get his #$%$ beat to within an inch of his life time after time. He will get no love from the guards with his disrespect to the families he showed in court to stop it all either. The majority of society (unless you are familiar with jail or prison) hasn't the slightest clue as to what happens to evil, cocky little maniacs like this kid when they go to prison. All bets are off, this boy is toast!! I'd rather swim across the Atlantic with fresh chum tied to my ankles rather than be this kid.

send him to the Rock where he will meet his killer.

I give that smirk about 10 min. after the door slams shut.

I'm going to take up a collection to buy 100 tubes of KY jelly and send it to his prison but buddies.

Hes going to get the real payback soon.convict style.

He won't have to masturbate in prison.He'll have all the sex he can handle.Though he might not like it,but then again,maybe he will like itWhat will be written on his shirt - by his killers - once he's inside ?

Once he hits the yard, he'll come back to reality with the quickness!

He looks scared shytless...don't even feed him anger allow the fear of his own shadow that is causing him to speak with belligerent insanity consume him-Trapped by his own design.

This guy should have been hung the next day after the verdict.  EVIL

he will become a vegan while in prison since his new diet will consist of tossed salad.

Ellie Nesler would have known how to deal with this.

This guy will not survive in prison.  He will be butt raped and beaten with a lead pipe.  Prison justice baby!

Needs exorcism now...

Perfect reason for the death penalty

To all those who say he should be killed in various ways of punishment,I say that would be too easy for him. He should suffer a long agonizing punishment ,every day of his life,forced to live in the hell that  prison is, knowing that the only way out is death...... every minute every hr.,of every day,of every week, of ..............Pathetic, buba will be waiting ..

now its time to become some ones b*tch....a**hole...you're gonna get your holes plugged...hahaha

Can't wait for him to get buttraped by a huge (o(k full of AIDS.

Guess we will have to ban all .22 cal guns and knives now and so sad they couldn't Kill the POS.

He's just misunderstood....

The NRA Lie Machine feeds on fear and ignorance.  They peddle these cowboy stories where Joe Teabagger (or George Zimmerman) shoots a "bad guy" and everybody bows down to him.  In real life, guns MUCH MORE commonly create trouble, death and injury for Joe Cowboy.

He should never had been allowed to wear that t-shirt in court.  He should have been examined carefully.  The families it appears did not even get the respect they deserve.

How did he get that far in life without someone killing him.

He won't be smiling when he gets off the bus at the Big House.  Them guys are all waiting for this beatch' Sweet Dreams Punk!  #$%$ Out...

What a disgusting little boy thinking he's a man of consequence. Masturbate away, little prison bait boy, and enjoy it as a solitary pursuit because soon you'll be doing more than yanking on your own teeny rod. And I imagine it wont be at all enjoyable.Where are the black and hispanic kids committing school shootings? Oh wait, there are none, only white kids commit those kind of acts.

If your old enough to kill.your old enough to die!

All states should have death penalties no matter the age

I hope he becomes the #$%$ of every man in prison for the rest of his life.

Acting like a corn head in court,going to find out about #$%$ in prison.

wish the judge would have said life and a Day. then he would die there.

What wise #$%$ .He will go in as a tight end   @  come out as a wide reciever.

I'd love to see his expression when he realizes he's about to take it in the #$%$ in a big way.

SICK #$%$"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory"HE DESERVES TO DIE IMMEDIATELY!

He should fit in well at his new home!Just Hang him. NEXT!

He will learn regret when there's a line to have a sword fight in his mouth in prison.  Bottoms up!

What a scrawny, pathetic little POS.  He'll get chewed up and spit out in prison by the sodomites. You'll be a nice piece of a-s for someone.  Your nightmare is just beginning.

So now tax payers money will feed the sorry little punk for the rest of his undeserving life.

I think that it will be eventually discovered that he indeed is mentally ill. Not that it changes the facts but it would give an explanation.

They should have taken this little #$%$ out back and shot him or publicly hung him in the street. Waste of money keeping someone like this alive.

Take this little prick out to a field and put 2 behind the ear.Save some tax dollars.

Why do our tax dollars have to pay for his existence?

Who in the heck is raising these monsters ?  If demon possession is real , he fits the bill. Now we know why animals sometimes eat their young .

Why do we feed, clothe, care for,  &amp; house these idiots??  More money going to waste!  This man is begging for the electrique chair!  Let's make his dream come true.....Bleeding hearts, save your thoughts &amp; talk to the wall.463 Human Beings were MURDERED under Senator Barack Obama's GUN CONTROL Program in Chicago last year....You cannot control the GUN....You have to control the Mad Men using the GUN....

The back of the shirt says, " Rape me"

Likely canidate as #$%$ to the arian brotherhood in prison.  Will answer to Laney and when booted out of pack will have to answer to the rest of societies forgotten worthless #$%$

A warning to all bullies out there....

Why are libs all for abortion and assisted suicide, but against the death penalty?

Death, death death

This obviously sick person is the product of the liberal, no God, no responsibility, abortion loving marxist society we have become. That is fact.

He may find prison not so funny especally if he tries that #$%$ on one of those old boys in their, might get a face lift.

I hope he likes "it" without lube!  He's gonna get it now.

If you don't believe in the Devil, re-read this story.Oh I am sure the guys in prison will have some fun with this little turd. We'll see how he smirks then..

he will be an expert at bending over

good, look up all the murdering savages

T.J. Lane is going where killers go.

Sad, just sad...

Mistrial.  Insanity plea?

why was he allowed that shirt inside the court room and why wasnt he wearing jail  clothes and why wasnt he handcuffed?

he'll look and like a pin cushion in no time

Soon, he'll have one that reads "Girlfriend" on it.

I hope he gets what he deserves in prison from other inmates. U know what i mean. Hardcore criminal.Capitol punishment never sounded so justified. Complete and utter waste of tax dollars. This kid seems like the type who would enjoy all the pain that may come with prison.

I can't understand why he was permitted to display that T-shirt in court.

seriously - why keep him around at taxpayer expense.  i'm not for the death penalty, but this is obvious.  let's keep it simple.  he said he did it and there isn't any question whether he did or didn't.

So sad, what happened to this young man to make him hate life?  He lives in darkness, evil.

KILL him slowly publicly. He is no longer human.

If you didn't believe EVIL exists in this world, take a long look at this guy.....he appears to be possessed by an evil force...prison will wipe that smirk off his face....just sayin'

$100 says he was on psych drugs at the time of the shooting or had been on them in the past.....it is the drugs that are causing most of these senseless crimes by exacerbating the mental problems..

This little P@ss Ant doesn't have a clue as to what is waiting for him inside the prison walls.  Inmates are drooling over this.  The word is already out on him, the only thing left to decide is in which prison he will do his time.  He is going to learn a real lesson.....the hard way.

His home is now a cage. When his classmates are raising their children and living a life, he'll be forgotten, still in his cage.

Gee------he will be missed by everyone on the "outside"------but truly "loved" by all those named Bubba on the inside------------enjoy!It's a lack of Discipline, and the Parents wanting to be their child's 'Friends" instead of taking responsibility for them.

He will be some big guys "boy punk" in prison!

Anice young boy like him will soon have his teeth knocked out and will become a (wife) for one or more of the older pervs in prison and will probably die from aids, syphilis or any number of sex diseases before he is 25. A little punk like him won't last long in that place.

What a piece of human excrement.

Walk him out back and put one in his head.

What a little punk.

And why did he not get the death penalty, regardless of age.How pathetic.

I think that smug smirk will soon be gone.

Well now he can rot in prison and see what karma has for him on a daily basis with that "purdy face".  He's gonna be busy until he ticks someone off and they shank him.

The best case scenario would have been for the officer behind him to draw his fire arm and put a round right into the base of his skull.How was he permitted to wear that shirt?

And who does not believe in Demon Possession?!  This is pure evil.  No remorse, no repentance but continues to hurt these poor grieving family members with such evil remarks. I will pray for the family that God will comfort them and be with them.  I can't imagine going through this and then having to listen to him say such awful evil things. My heart goes out to them.  May God deal with this young person.

I think he needed one more "time out".That's the answer to everything in today's society.

sad news for the families of the victims.  sad behavior for the family of the shooter.  sad comment about our society and the mentally ill people who live in it.

He should get the death penalty,he admitted doing the crime with no remorse

This young man is surely a nut job...........

3 life sentences? Really! A well placed bullet between his eyes would have saved the taxpayers a alot of cash.

ohhh wow he's doesn't realize is that he will be for life behind bars and he's only 18, while everyone else including the victims that made it alive will be at the beach and marry one day and have a real life why this stupid kid is drawing on his cell wall..LOSER

soon enough he will find out that a baby faced tough guy in prison is going to get his teeth knocked out and his shirt will say GUMMY

I read a number of years ago that it cost more to execute a person than keephim behind bars for a life sentence. However, it seems to me that we could pass legislationmaking it a swift execution when there is this much evidence against the murderer.One appeal and that would be it.How horrible for the families of the victims to have him so no remorse whatsoever. He will not be smirking soon.

Kids aren't mental because of TV or video games. It's all the radiation they've received from nuclear reactor melt downs.

There is no parenting these days so now we have kids that think its ok to take anothers life for no reason other than they wish to.

He sure looks pretty frail....he won't stand a chance in prison. He'll get a beat down as soon as he steps into population.

"Squeal boy"   Wee   "louder"  Wee   "louder"...

His shirt and gestures will surely go viral on the web. And don't call me Shirley.

Were are the Politicans NOW this is where you need to speak out and say this kind of behavor is not accepted and we want the laws to change .Give him the DEATH PENALTY  instead of going after the good citizens who follow the gun laws . I don't give a #$%$ if he was 17 when He KILLED those people  he 18 now so put a law into effect that says if you kill more then two people you will be put to death . Like I said where are the Politicans none of them have the guts to say any thing except give me a pay check  and lets change gun laws. This guy will never change so why should we as tax payers pay for him to live.

Soooo, they would have arrested me when I jumped over the partition,slapped they silly smirk off his face ,and broke his middle finger? Ok. ;)

Big Bubba is waiting for him to get to prison &amp; when he gets tired of him he will be traded for Cigarettes.

Well those parents did a great job.Whether 17 or 18, makes no difference. This piece of garbage deserves the "needle or chair". He shows no remorse. Now he gets 70+ years at taxpayers $$$.

I thought this kid was some kind of j@ck off,and sure enough he is.

That gesture he made in court with his hand.....the guys already in prison will make sure he has carpal tunnel syndrome by the end of the first month there

At a time when raising the age for retirement is being considered, lowering the age for capital punishment for "monster crimes" should also be considered.  Both extremes are affected: those who have lived and worked most of their lives, and those just starting out.

In prison, he's going to passed around as favorite toy(another white meat).  Exchanged for cigarettes, and those killer hands will be masterbating someone else.  Tough life ahead kid.  Better to be dead.

Now we feed him and take care of him. Why? They think he can be fixed?

Why wasn't he in prison issued clothing at sentencing?

Yeah, His dance card at the big house will be full.

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said, then cursed at and gestured obscenely toward the victims' relatives.

hang him ASAPRAP Music, Why?Poisoning The Minds…Causing The Crimes, Has Lower the Standards of Living, Has Demolished the English language,False Goals with Rhymes, Leads you into a Mode of False SecurityDemoralizing to all People, Does NOT Build Self-ConfidenceOnly builds Confidence in the Rapper

I'll bet it won't take long for "Killer's" new prison playmates to wipe that smirk off his face!

Guys in jail with him.. he is your target.. destroy

Another liberal hero on his way to meet his new husband...

If he was my son, there wouldn't be any waste of tax payers money!!!

He should have gotten the death penalty despite his age at the time of the shootings. What a piece of garbage. I hope that justice is carried out in prison.

"Alternative School"!! LMFAO Can't offend the little feces eaters calling it Juvie Hall,eh?Obviously the old REFORM Schools are needed again for punks.

When he said what he did to the families, he knows he is protected by the deputies in the courtroom. He won't have that warm blanket in prison and when the door slams and his protector walks away, that oh $#!t moment will fall swiftly on the little maggot.

3 life sentences. So happy we have a stupid sentences clause built into the constitution or he might only have gotten 2 life sentence, or maybe 726 years.

From killer to jail #$%$. Those smooth pasty cheeks and sharp tongue will be put to good use where you're going.He won't be "smiling and smirking " when he meets some real men in prison!

This young man has mental issues that should have been addressed long ago. Instead we ignore our mentally ill until they attack society. Then we lock them up in prison instead of a mental hospital.

One advice to this low life, do yourself in and tighten up the noose or it could break off.

Just what one would expect of Lucifer, the high priest of ungodliness and evil:  Cursing and obscene gestures.  This kid is just one of the Great Deceiver's loyal (and doomed) minions.

that kid is so little. he will soon find out what happens to little boys in prison.

LOL he'll be changing that killer shirt for a #$%$ shirt real soon.

if he thinks he is crazy now, just wait until some of those convicts get through with him.

Seriously when do Americans realize that guns cause more trouble than good. Wake up America! BAN GUNS!

Send this KILLER to the LION's cage in San Diego Zoo..as its evening dinner..!!

Save Tax Dollars...Capital Punishment. :-)So many young people of today were born with no heart or soul.  Killing another human being is like playing an X-box game to them. They feel nothing. Very disturbing.

Waiting on the democrats to blame this on George Bush !

We live in a Country where you can legally have your children murdered, but go to jail for disciplining them.

Bring back old sparky and the gas chamber.  People might think twice before they commit a heinous crime.  The problem now is that most people know that no matter what they do the consequences won't be that bad.

Save taxpayers money.. Put him to sleep

Whats differant today Sheila is that kids are not Disciplined by the parents due to Government interferance. Kids are considered children even up to age 24. Our day 18 was an ADULT and you had to step up and be real. The problems are psyc doctors claiming trama everytime you say no to these kids today so they can make their money and their name some where in print. Also POLITICAL CORRECTNESS teaches NOTHING but IGNORANCE not realities so they live in their little fantasy worlds. Punishment for your crime does not cause psycopaths as stupid doctors would have you beleive. As you said, we had it rough in many cases and politically we had no real support as these morons of today do and we had almost 0% of the #$%$ of today. Another reason was we knew other adults could not only step into physically if needed stop kids from abusing others but that most adults had the law on their side for self defence. AGAIN, the fear factor of punishment for their actions.

The death penalty is too easy on this poor sucker. I want him to feel every solitary moment of his life behind bars.

Here we have another child with mental issues. Why does nobody step in before the poop hits the fan? My daughter is friends with some of the students here, and this kid was not with it. We need to quit looking the other way, and get these people help.

How about the death sentance with no possiability of life x 3 if ya must!

he should have gotten DEATHThe Insanity in the Blue State Urban Cesspools is beginning to make me uneasy....I hope that none of these Psycho's migrate down to the Super Thriving Texas......Texas could already build a Battleship with all the Blue State Vehicle License Plates in their Recycle Centers.....

he is going to squeall like a little piggy

If only Sandra Layne was his grandmother...we wouldn't be having this conversation.

NOW HE NEEDS A SHIRT THAT SAYS"LOSER -LIFER"

He wont be smiling like that when he gets #$%$ raped in prison.

He will get choose which bend over and take it up the butt Lane or on your knees Lane. It will be interesting to see if he can still smirk after Bubba had his way with Him.

Hatfeilds made him do it,now his cell boy can swadell him with love,sick f@%$.

He's enough of an adult not only to commit these crimes, but to (a) admit them and (b) GLOAT about them in court?  But not enough of an adult to sentence him to death?  There is something VERY wrong with this picture.

I hope there's a special place in hell for him, for all eternity, AFTER he spends the rest of his days feeling sad over how his life was a total waste.  I hope he lives to 110 in solitary confinement and then goes to hell.

He deserve to be locked up for life or he will take more lives.your going to like a big pec##er up your rear   squeel like a pig

Now this is the perfect example of where they should put him in a room with just the victims family members and let them mete out their own justice, then we'll see how tough he is without a gun and courtroom protection!

My 1911 muzzle pressed hard into his forehead would wipe that #$%$ smirk off his face.

The punk needs to go.

looks like a new prison boy toy

Execute this piece of algae #$%$. RIP slain youth, justice will be done.

in Russia he would be shot within weeks after sentencing...

lets go "Green " and set up an Electric Chair with solar panels ....Nice and Cheap

I say bing back the guillotine and public execution for dirtbags like this. It cost an average of $50,000. a year (per prisoner)  to imprison worthless trash like this guy. Why should we waste our tax dollars on #$%$ like this who we could never ever release back onto the streets.

Have any of you ever been in his shoes?  I hate how people bully someone, then get their just desserts, and now suddenly they're innocent.  I say bullies burn in hell, like what that kid did to them.  If it weren't for bullies, this kid wouldn't have had to retaliate like he did.there is a 400 pound dude in prison just waiting to wipe that smirk right off his face!

Bubba in prison will take that smirk off his face, he'll wish he were dead.

A bullet for a bullet, and save the taxpayers money.

You know the cops standing behind him are thinking. They wish they could pull there guns and exacute him right there on the spot in front of everyone. This is one of the times that you wish we could just take this punk out back and put a bullet in his head.

Well, let's hope he becomes an abused boy-toy for a large violent inmate!

Public Execution! This is going to cost the taxpayers for many years. What a shame.

All You"Troubled Disturbed Youth" That Have Watched One Too Many B Movie Horror Films,Or Perhaps Wants"Your 15 Minutes Of Fame" Take Heed The Court System Is On To Your Scam. Now This Arrogant,Rude Little Sociopathic KILLER Is About To Step Into A "Real Shop Of Horrors" And He Will Get What He Wanted,"MUCH ATTENTION",Of A Kind He May Not Want But Will Have No Choice In The Matter,Now,Over And Over Again,Everyday HE WILL BE THE VICTIM.  A Little FYI For Everyone... Every Thought That Runs Across Your Mind IS NOT To Be Acted Upon.Some Thoughts Are To Be Dismissed And Buried BEFOR They Are Full Grown.

Three life sentences, Probably be out in a couple of years.  Life terms should be until you die in jail!  Trash like this should never be allowed out of jail.  Like that one in California with the swaskia tatooed on his forehead.

I hope this jerk shoots his mouth off to an imate that has nothing let to lose and ends up dead. No I am not sorry for my comments because I think a death sentence would be to good for him. I hope he faces an ugly death.

he's going to be someones' little #$%$ for a lot of years.Better get used to that intense KY GEL feeling.Scared little man.  He will get what he deserves.

His fellow inmates can't wait for a ride on the hershey highway.

What a disgusting punk.  If he knew he was going to be facing the hangman's noose in a few hours, he wouldn't be smirking.  Instead, he'd be his knees begging for mercy.  Why he was allowed to wear his "killer" attire in the courtroom is another black mark against our legal system.  Hopefully for his victims' sake, he'll receive the comeuppance of his life when he meets some hardened criminals in prison who want to mete out some real justice to him.  His day of atonement is coming faster than he thinks.

bring back public executions for scunbags like this

Sometimes you just have to blow off a little steam.

This individual will not do well in prison.Hopefully he will not be segregated.

I don't think he will smile a lot in prison.

first day will be his last day with silly grin on face.

While I don't always believe an eye for eye is the answer. In this case, I will completely allow it. He should be given one bullet to the head...end of story!

He will probably go to PC in prison...&amp; stay there for the remainder of his time. It is so sad our prisons are more packed with our youth, than our schools are.Another killer with a fried brain!

He will calm down after a few months as Bubba's beech.

And just think...society gets to foot the bill to support him forever!

A perfect opportunity for a special new hunting license and folks with assault weapons. Put him in an an abandoned school with no weapons and sprinkle with the hunters. Give him a taste of what he has coming before his slow and painful death. I'd pay extra for the license just to use the same gun he did.

He is gonna be someones date at the prison dance.  And he will be putting out on the first date.

Punk you will Get it in Prison little boy.....

There will be some other killers in prison who will just love to make him the object of their "affection".  Let's see how tough his mouth, knees and backside are.

might as well feed him, we feed the mexicans

Now he gets three hots and a cot for the rest of his life.  He gets a free education and multiple graduate degrees.  All paid for by us.  Lots of time to play video games, watch TV and just hang out.  He's not going to prison, he's getting exactly what he wants.

I have said it before and will say it again: We put down vicious dogs, what is the difference?He'll be crying like the wimp he is when big bubba makes him wipe his butt with his tongue.

the judge who allowed this puke to sit there in his t-shirt smirking and laughing should be removed from the bench.

What is happening?  When I was young, I NEVER remember any school etc shootings.  Of course kids now think it's "fun" to do things like this, they don't value anything but what they want, material things, &amp; if they don't get them, they take it out on others?  I see punks like this TJ Lane at school where I work &amp; if you say something to them when they're doing something wrong, they have an attitude "so what?".  I am so happy that TJ Lane got life without parole so he will spend a VERY long time getting an attitude adjustment from his new "friends".  I seriously doubt tho from the way he was raised that he will ever understand what he did to others.

Sounds like they did the right thing on this one.

Here comes the booty bandit's next punk.  He will now learn the hard way.  Oh well.

What goes around..... he'll get his due! Death would have been too easy for him, he will probably end up locked away in a tiny dark hole not in general population after being sexually assaulted &amp; beaten...and masturbation will be the last thing on the soon to be sobbing, battered, bruised, scared little boy's mind. (Loved Levelheaded's comment!)

why don't we shoot this fool in the head and kick him in a hole?

I wonder if he will be saying the same thing after being butt rapped for  the next 30 years. You know that skinny #$%$ punk is already going to be some ones #$%$

Instead of three life sentences he should have been given a three foot length of rope to be strung up with.

The only 'killing' thats going to be happening next uis over his #$%$ in prison.I'm sure he will have a sexually happy life in prison with his jail mate of prison's choice. What a waste of a human brain however?

no way,it will say my b[i]tc[h]

Come and get it little boy

I don't understand why tax payer dollars are used to support individuals for 'life' sentences, especially for someone like this.  This guy should be given the death penalty for what he did.  I highly doubt there is any chance of rehabilitating him.  Satan is joyfully awaiting his arrival - the State of Ohio should just send him on.

Wrong sentence. He has shown complete disregard for the lives of others and has admitted his crime. Throw him in general population for a couple of years and then execute him. Make this a lesson to others who may be thinking like this a**hole!

"Prosecutors say Lane took a .22-caliber pistol and a knife to the school and fired 10 shots at a group of students in the cafeteria."I wonder why he didn't choose to use the knife...

Shouldnt be in prison, should be executed.

"He was a good boy" -" He was a gentle boy"  " He had a tough childhood" - Where are all the bleeding hearts now. These are the children we now raise. Spare the rod, spoil the child. Take the kids side against the teacher. Time outs rather then a spanking. It is not to late - it is time to let these spoiled little children know that they are not in charge. They are to listen and learn.Teach them respect and manners. God help us if we let this pattern continue,

Look at the policemans face, you can see the disgust &amp; anger written all over him.  The caption should read:  "Just give me 5 minutes with this jerk"

C'mon judge...3 life terms; what does that mean. Execute him and save the taxpayers the money to incarcerate this POS. He doesn't deserve living out one life term let alone three!Dump his head into a toilet full of diarrhea 3 times a day for life.   Reduce to 2 times if he ceases his punk behaviors.

I noticed he didn't say who his hand would be masterbating.

glad we the tax payers get to pay for this pukes jail cell and 3 meals a day for the next 60 years.

a sick heartless young man who cannot ever walk free again!!!I feel for his victims families having to look at that shirt n the smirk on his face over n over because the media will eat up his crapola he pulled with the shirt!!!

Perfect candidate for the death penalty! He shows no remorse yet we have to take care of his sorry #$%$. This low life piece of #$%$ should not be allowed to breath any more. He knows what he did is wrong and he doesn't give a damn. Since he didn't get the death penalty hopefully he is gang raped multiple times every day for the rest of his life.

and people say we dont need the death penalty. this is proof that we need it. he needs to fry for what he did. and he's not sorry. he doent have a mental problem. he's just a cold hearted #$%$(k).

When the inmates get a look at him they will be drooling over who gets to plug his hole first.

Hopefully he will end up just dead meat in prison.

With any luck, he'll get buttraped by the AIDSdick.

If he has hallucinations and psychosis then how was he found competent? Just a question. I don't understand that; not that I think he deserves less, I just can't see how that is possible. Would he have a shot at an appeal because of that?one wonders if he'll have that same smile on his face when he's introduced to prison sex?

Check him out in about a month.

I'ed be interested to know what his home life was like.

Exactly why are the taxpayers paying for a life sentence for this slum bag?

So!This piece of #$%$ is 18 years old and is going to serve 3 life sentences!That means the state will be paying out $60K - $80K a yera for the next 50 to 60 yerars for warehousing that!I say a couple of bullets in the head would be a much better use of funds!

Three life sentences means his #$%$ is guaranteed never to get out. Just wait until five years kick in, he better hope they don't send his butt to a maximum security prison, bet that stupid smirk on his stupid face will be gone then.

I don't suppose that they would have the horrible, politically incorrect sense to have the kids, which including Lane here, wait in a separate room until their bus arrives to take them to the alternate school?  I mean, that would be so horrible to segregate anyone! It's much better this way. Then you can take them to court when they kill your kid. Much better this way. And more politically correct, too!!!!

POS.

He got off easy. He should be grateful.

"a juvenile court judge ruled that Lane was mentally competent to stand trial despite evidence he suffers from hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies"He may suffer from those things, but it sounds like what he did was deliberate and planned.  He deserves the sentence he got.He's about to get a dose of reality.  Oh yeah, a kid that small will be the wife in perpetuity in his new life in prison.

Monster Manson in the making. He sold his soul long time ago.

Someone should shoot him a few times where he has to suffer from the pain without dying right away!

display of the famous 'smirk'....but don't worry...bubba and the buddies will make sure you get some entitlments in prison....and even a new nick name...'bill maher jr'

That's a law that needs to be changed. 16 and up should receive the death penalty.

I wonder if he will have that same smirk when his butt is bleeding from being sodomized repeatedly.

I don't know what prison he's headed for, but all cons plugged in, heads up, pretty, fresh meat coming at you.  He's got attitude, too.  Hey, Bubba, you're going to love him.

It's gonna get "real" fast in the joint for this POS. That smirk will be the first thing to go &amp; his knees &amp; elbows are going to get a workout. Good riddance..

We can only hope the big  homos in jail get a hold of this little POS and have their way with him every day of this little punks life!! He should have been put too death what about the poor victims and their families! Pass him around in jail and make our day!!!

After a couple of weeks in Prison he won't be smirking or laughing just looking for the Preparation H. He will be the most popular girl in prison.If any of them claim to be to crazy to know what they were doing,then they would be to crazy to know they were being put to death.Fry their #$%$.

They should give him the adolph hitler treatment from "little nicky" to get him primed and ready for prison life that #$%$ degenerate POS !

Like to know who he'll be thinking about as he gets gang-raped behind bars after he has been released to the prisons general population. Hopefully sooner than later!!

throw him in with the lifers he`ll be passed around every night ,then he`ll see how funny it is

What a disgusting smug S.O.B...after he was found guilty he needed to be taken out back &amp; a bullet put in the back of his head. Just no sense in keeping a person like this guy alive any longer....we put rabid animals down because they are a danger to others so why not rabid people who are a danger to others. Better than them sitting in jail wasting tax dollars &amp; taking up space needed for the druggies &amp; thieves.

If he has NO chance for Parole, then why isn't he being executed ?  At least the victims families could have some closure and some reassurance this person was never going to murder again. To many of these cases are not completed with an actual execution. Get rid of this #$%$ so the taxpayers are not paying the $50,000 /year to keep them in such nice surroundings. Prison is NO deterrent to some criminals. In many cases it is a better life on the inside. What can't they have ...  other than Freedom ???

This is what kills me, there aught to be a death penalty for such fked up people like this #$%$.Why should we feed this #$%$...

This had nothing to do with video games, movies, or TV. He's a messed up kid and got what he deserves. He knew what he was doing. Otherwise, why laugh and smile and smirk with a shirt that said killer. The shirt itself states that he knew he killed someone, the smile indicates he didn't care, and the statement about masterbation means he enjoyed it. He'll be someones boyfriend in jail and hope he gets it in the end every night as a reminder to what he did.

Prayers to those who lost loved ones to this pathetic worm. Too bad the tax payers have to support him for the next 50 year when a couple of syringes would do the trick for him.  Bet he won't be so arrogant after his first night in prison when they give him his new tee shirt with his "prison #$%$"logo.

I am glad  he wasn't black!  I could only imagine what you people would say!AHHH he thinks hes in the clear, says hes going to be jerking off with the hand that killed those kids... in reality it will be the hand that jerks off his new husband in his cell. life in a max slam is going to be a horific experiance and he has a long way to go before hes dead of old age.

Put him in prison for twenty years, let him out and have the victims families outside the front gate with shotguns. That would be a great scene.

haha.. he is going to have a KILLER  pain in his rectum for years to come...and hopefully he will not recieve the courtesy of a reach around...the sGT in full metal jacket sure did have a way with words... his new nickname can be boytoy....may the odds be forever NOT in your favor

freaking castrate him and see how he likes "getting off at the memory" then.

HE REALLY SHOULD OF HAD A  SHIRT SAYING "DAM I'M AN IDIOT" DOING LIFE  AND ONLY 18 FAIL

Hmmmm.....why did the court allow this kid to wear that t-shirt in the first place .............Geeeez.......maybe he should be put him to death so we could check/study  his brain and see what the heck is going on with these young people that find joy in killing.....

Was this another shooter who was on psychotropic meds?

I don't think he will make it the 1st year. Bubba and the boys are always there..He will be gay if not already one or be forced to be one.

He sounds like hes got ISSUES!!!!!! I hope that he never truly does what he said, to the parents of his victims.  That being said the death penalty would not bring back the dead, but I think it would even the scales. After all does the Chrisitian Bible not say a life for a life. My religion says that what you send out will revisit you 3xs fold. I wish him luck in the prison system, I have heard that the major part of the people there are not known for their mercy.

.....may he live to 150 years.....Perhaps they should consider castration so he has nothing to grab hold of while he thinks about his victims.

Maybe they should just castrate him so that he won't even have that simple pleasure to amuse himself with for the rest of his days.

YEA He will not be smileing long!!!! The big Bull in the prison will take care of that smile?????I wonder if he has any Gay Rights??????

He is full of evil!!!! Satan has got a strong hold on him.

ok. he's convicted, he admitted to the shooting, so now just take him around back, put a gun to his head and pull the trigger.

3 life sentences--do you think this moron cares. he should have been sentenced to death immediately. he is useless piece of humanity that doesn't deserve to live at the expense of taxpayers for the rest of his useless life. I hope somebody in prison shows him what a "killer" really is.

All the inmates in the prison he's going to will greet him with open arms.And unzipped pants.Good luck kid!

Put this son of a b*tch down right where he stands and fuggetaboutit. If i were the judge i would have given him the automatic death penalty right after he pulled this one !!!

Hopefully he is a drilled regularly and eventually dies for his act by HIV

He is obviously possessed by Satan and all things evil.   Let's hope he has a very, very long life in which to reflect on his moments in the lives of other's.   He will most likely be in solitary confinement for his life, like Manson.   Which will make the time so much harder to serve.   Camera's and lights day and night, he will begin to feel like a Bug under a microscope.  They say, American prison food is among the worst in the world, that's good to know.   All visits behind glass.  The general population would love to get their hands on a nut case who doesn't know why he killed three innocent people.   The murderer's in prison all had a (valid?) reason for their murders.   Convicted murderer's should have to have permanently posted photo's of their victims on their cell walls and ceilings.    His parents must be ashamed to have born this reptile.When bubba is banging him every night let see if he smirks. little D1ck

This punk is the result of the toothless "justice" system we have in this country.  Upon pulling this stunt, he should have had his front teeth knocked out by a bailiff with a club (more the better for the homies he will be putting his mouth soon to ample use).

can they jail his parents too?

SHOULD HAVE GIVEN THIS PUNK THE DEATH PENALTY!!!!

Sorry, but the judge who ruled this kid competent is off the mark. He shoudl be punished in the extreme but there is no way he is competent of what he does. That sets a dangerous precedence.

It's funny how everyone thinks he'll meet up with bubba.He will have his own cell, and the only interaction with people will bethe people serving him food, and bringing him books to read while he watches TV.

Just don't drop the soap dude.

The majority of comments are revenge/hate motivated, not rational. We need to think in this society about why we have such teenagers. How are they created? What is the recipe that creates such a violent/hateful person? Whatever that recipe is, it seems to have seeped into most of the people leaving comments here. So much hatred. Hating this teen will not stop the killing. We need to figure out what is going on in the U.S. that is creating so much violence and hatred.

This type of thing seems to happen a lot in liberal Ohio where thay know no one else is armed. By the way folks How do you feel about Obama now that you help put him back in, Notice any differance on your paychecks lately ?

I hate how those Damn guns got in his cell and wrote "killer" on his shirt...............damn guns!Great, Modern American "Justice" was served today... And once again, the only real winners are the insanely costly judges, lawyers, court and prison staff and the convicted little freeloading freak who will now get three hots, a cozzy cot and all the medical treatment he could ever need for the rest of his natural born life upon the tax payers backs.

I thought that only black guys do this sort of thing. As a matter of fact, a lot of white people are going to use their IMAGINATION/ILLUSION that these guys must be part black.

We discipline children to help them learn to do better. We are supposed to punish criminals so they will get a just reward (hence the term "justice") for their actons. Put him to death!

Clearly, this young man is mentally and emotionally challenged. I wonder where all of his misplaced anger stems from? Too bad that he couldn't have gotten the mental health attention that he needed while he was younger and before he committed this heinous crime. It defies logic. There seemed to be no purpose to or reason for his attack on these students. I don't know how the court could have determined that this kid was "competent" to stand trial. He should be in a mental institution. He's become his own worse enemy and prison life will certainly be a harsher reality than this demented young man is prepared for. I don't expect that he will last too long in that environment with his attitude.

They need to have a public hanging of this guy. I'm sure he will not be smiling when the rope goes tight and it will deter a lot of other sicko's from trying the same stunt.  Hang em high!!!

so now this worthless excuse for a piece of poop continues to hurt others by being a burden on society, siphoning off money and other resources???i dont care about his age, if he has a life sentence with no parole, just execute him and have his family pay for the cost of the execution.otherwise society continues to have to pay for these idiots while they lack money to care for law-abiding citizens.better yet, just turn him over to the victims' family members and give them 5 minutes alone with him.that would solve the problem.

It always complicates Jesus turn the other cheek lesson when people like this are out there

How do commentators associate evil and sickness with toughness.....there is nothing tough about killing people

his rectum gonna gape like a glazed donut in the joint.have attem boys dont bother with the reach around.

This kid is effed up.Instead of being pampered in a US jail with TV, decent meals and a clean cell, he should be in a Thailand jail, where he might last one year, with roaches everywhere, sleeping on cement floors, poor meals and extreme over crowding, getting worked over by prisoners daily. He'd be crying "MOMMY" 24/7.

He's not going to be so tough after they start gang banging him in prison.

Another son of crazed liberal parents.

That skinny little white boy has a rude awakening coming...he won't last a year out of protective custody.

There are times, and this is one, where a persons death (no matter how young) is a reasonable thing. Here, we put a person in jail for life, where he will be, and remain worthless to any type of human endeavor, period. He will be a waste of food, water, air and any of the normal things that define a human being. Put him down.

17 or not...should be put to death...no appeals...no time...take him out right now and execute...there is no remorse no reasoning. we should not have to pay to keep this sorry excuse of life alive. end it now and give the families justice.

I said this yesterday after reading about the Ohio teenager who was raped by the football players...WHERE ARE THE PARENTS.....and on a side note #$%$ is up with Ohio????  Glad you guys had such a prominent role in deciding the presidential election.

It's too bad we can't draw and quarter this pathetic excuse for a human being.

Why do we put up with a person like this. He should be put to death now, so we don't have to pay for this piece of #$%$ to live in prison. I hope they use him as a punch board everyday.

The hand that pulled the trigger soon will be covering the #$%$ that bleeds.I can't stop laughing when they said he suffers from fantasies. Could I claim that I suffer from daydreaming fantasy and sexual fantasy as a disability to get out of work?

LOL..you're going to a new home killer,they're gonna eat you alive..LOL

This guy is hopeless for rehabilitation. They're wasting taxpayer's money on his room and board.

3life sentence. That's B.S. he should get the needle, chair, rope, or firing squad. Tax dollars should not be used to keep him alive! Too big a chance he may be let go by mistake, or by obama plan. So he can kill again

We have a legal system, rather than a justice system.  True justice would be to hand him over to the families of those he murdered.  To the tree huggers who oppose capital punishment: may you be taxed extra to pay for this murderer's room and board.

I hope he chokes to death on something in jail,Guess what it is.

Ohio is a mess.  The rape situation in Steubenville(?) was discussed yesterday.

"Revenge is mine" sayeth the Lord. And he will receive revenge that no one on this earth can dole out to this evil soul.

ALL Sodomites would enjoy prison huh?? SEE how much they are like CRIMINALS???

Pugsly got angery because someone took his seat in the lunch room no doubt.Too much indoor sitting (video games, t.v., DVDs), not enough outdoor activity and parental participation as the root of the problem is my guess. The "hands-off" (allowing the child to make the decisions) approach is probably another facet of the epidemic.  Get the kids out, camping, fishing, biking, just running through the woods. Kill your t.v..  Might help, who know?  I'm not blaming t.v. programming, I'm just saying there's TOO MUCH TIME spent in front of the screen.

...And now imagine he is black!!!!This Comments sections would've been inundated with ugly racist stereotyping if a black young man had behaved in the same obnoxious manner!

Stop feeding the kids sugar! Great Googly Moogly!

I was very relented to say his for I don't drink today .  But when I did I got a DUI.,  and they sent me to a court appointed psycholinguist and all he tried to manipulate me in to admitting I did drugs.  When I did not!  He kept saying what else ingested.  Over and over agin in different ways.  He was trying to get me to serenader to something I never did and that is take drugs.This is one of the biggest reasons I don't want psychological profiling when you want to by a gun. They will try to manipulate you to serenader to something that I did not do, or try to say ok I did it! This is total violation of Amendment 4 and Amendment 5 right.  No warrant. I have the right to remain silent.  The courts have all ready said this type of manipulation is unconstitutional.  That's why it should never be used.     I thought I would share this because this happens all the time.

Two words...GAS CHAMBER. He can wear his tee shirt there.

This boy needed a Mother like mine.  If he had said even a portion of what he said there he'd be picking himself up off the ground.  It sucked at the time when I was a teen but you know what?  I know how to respect people and I was taught right and wrong and did well to remember it.  She taught me charity, kindness...so many things.  And lord help me if I did something really wrong.  Now as an adult it all makes perfect sense.  I think some people are  so wrapped up in going to work and having their own time that they forget to teach their kids these things they need to be a good part of society.  It's like if the school doesn't teach it, they don't learn it at all.  This self-centered, "I don't give a #$%$ about you and I'm only worried about me" attitude is the end result.

....a lost child.....

Why would they let this piece of garbage even wear a shirt like that to court?  He should have been in prison garb if he couldn't wear anything decent!

He used a 22 pistol with 10 rounds...how are those 10 round magazines working out for you liberal morons...

He is the finished product of the liberal lefts art. The Public Fool Systems are an abject failure and turn out future inmates, welfare dolees, consumer robots, and burger flippers.He should be put to death! Unfortunatly just more ammo for the liberals to use for their fantasy gun control laws.

lol typical white kid.

After Big Bubba and his friends get done using him like a girl and he is crying like a little girl, the smirk will be gone from his face.  Justice WILL be served.

Read your posts.  Some of you are no better than this murderer.

To #$%$ john do not make terrorist threat at me or anyone. Your president has made it a federal crime! I wonder how you'll like being a gang butt #$%$ toy???

John did u eat paint chips you are a low life #$%$ wad that you should drive off a cliff. Do the world a favor

that poor misguided youth = he will never walk normally again.

I'm glad I'm 56 years old and have seen and lived America at it's finest. I wish it could have lasted just a little while longer. I fear the future of this country

what a p  u  s  s  y...

"and the martyrs cried out, 'who will avenge us?' "Justice will not be served untill he lets out his last breath. No sympathy, no remorse, no mercy. The justice system at work, protect the quilty while we bury the dead victims. Give him the same mercy he gave them.when the news media stops over braudcasting these crimes this will stop. They are looking for a sensational news coverage by commiting these crimes.  Hole the media accountable for helping make these crimes happen . They are at fault and should be prosecuted for encouraging crimes like these

will the person from whom lane got the gun be punished????   if it was unlocked in his parents home and he stole it-- the parents should also be held responsible for leaving an unlocked gun around.

justice is served but victims lives are lost for ever

...just another punk kid that has never had his /\ss beat for acting up when he was young because kooky liberals in power have made proper punishment of children practically illegal

This just shows sometimes people dont have a heart.. or mentally ill. one or the other.

I wonder how smirky he'll be when he gets put into the prison population.  A young guy like will be the boy friend of all of the hard-core convicts, getting b__t-f__d every night for the rest of his life.  His only hope is that he will be killed soon after getting to prison.  Hopefully, that death will be with great agony.

If he was a mad dog, he would be put to sleep.....I cannot see the difference!

I wanna see how much he is 'smirking' when he is someone's toy in prison!  Maybe he should get a shirt that says #$%$" because that's what he is going to be!  Good riddance!

Wait until he will find real killers in the join!

What a waste.  Unfortunately some people think this waste should be kept alive instead of being disposed of properly.  That way those people can feel good about themselves that this waste gets to go on breathing.  They can pat themselves on the back and preach how we (society) are so much more civilized.He'll never spend a "normal" lifetime in prison. He will either commit suicide or another prisoner will take his life. Suicide will be an out for him, when he finds out he's not the tough individual he thinks he is. He is in for a big eye opening when the seasoned inmates get a hold of his young "donkey".

I always get a kick from people who think prison is so tough. Lol. All one does all day is hangout. Nobody in there, could handle the real stress of life. There not tough but instead they are the opposite, very weak people who coundnt handle the real world.

"Squeal lak a pig, boy...   WEEEEEEE!!!"

Most don't know but a life sentence in some states are only 25 years. So 3 would equal 75 years in some states. Life with no chance of parole means your in forever.

He won't be so cocky, once he is put in the general prison population! Don,t drop the soap!

Lets see if he will have that grin on his face when bubba pays him a visit!

Not a very smart boy!

this kid is crazy, well on to grown up jail for you in a min. wait for it!

Payback is a bitch...keep him in jail forever let the minutes torture you

Where was the Judge &amp; why did he allow the tee shirt--I would have stopped the proceedings and have had it removed and possibly gagged him....He will wipe that smile off when they take turns on that butt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I saw the smirk he gave.  Hmmmm.  This little "man" will not be smirking soon. Inmates love young meat....

This "killer" is a great testimony to why the death sentence has merit. Life without parole is a joke. Humans eventually adjuct to the new norm of confinement and the punishment is over, nd we pay the bill until he/she expires after aggressive and expensive attempts to keep them alive.

Have you noticed when parents used to have the ability to beat their kids #$%$es, you didn't have all these damned shootings.  I am glad my parents beat the #$%$ out of me.  It probably saved my life.  The reason I say this is because if you put my cousins and I together, there was going to be some kind of bull&amp;%&amp;@ going on.  I can't begin to tell you all the #$%$ we pulled.  As I got older though, I began to think before I did stupid #$%$.  The question went something like this "Is this worth getting my #$%$ beat."  Sometimes the answer was yes and sometimes no.

Gas and a match, done. Less than five bucks. Whatching him burn alive, priceless!

Not insane just pathetic.  Flush this turd where he belongs!

Hang him now!

To bad people today do not believe or understand that Satan is live and well and demons do enter people who do not want anything to do with God.

A life sentence is too lenient for this creep.  Putting him in a suit made out of pork chops and having him tap dance in a lion cage would be more suitable methinks.

Bubba is going to love him in prison. At least the family can be happy about thatfkin pu----ssie

Wait till he has to pick up that first bar of soap . Then he'll see that that's only the first of many .

He will get his virgin ar$$e packed with explosive cum!

What the heck is this world coming to.  It's different times man.

Why isn't he on death row?

this punk will think he has a freight train running up this #$%$ after he gets to prison

If this little white #$%$ boy had not had access to a gun three young Americans would be alive today and #$%$ boy would have gotten his but kicked by the real men and women of the high school. Guns make the weakest punk into a killer, guns are always the cowards way to fight.

He is a killer to the families and himself. In my mind, he's nothing but a coward and a moron.

Coward will be dead inside of a year; first chance to string a sheet up he will swing himself from a light fixture.

Stretch his neck.Why make the taxapers and the vicims families pay to support this garbage.Whats does a year in prison cost the taxpayers?If it's mor than $5.00 offf this clown.Can't wait until he is interviewed after being raped and beaten. He won't be so cocky then. Who are this kids parents?

See, he now gets 3 meals a day, a free education and yes he will be somebody's #$%$, but, it would be so much easier to just put him in the chair and save so much time and money............. An Eye for an Eye in this case is the only true justice for the victims families..............

Harley is right! that smartass look will not last long when he gets in the cell with Hardcore convicts. It is not going to be what he thinks it is.

Draw an arrow on his boxer shorts pointing to his b-hole, saying "ENTER HERE" for his next fashion statement

can we please just shoot these idiots in the head with a single shot on national television, saves money and will send a message. Thank You

What a total lack of remorse. Horrible.

wait til he meets his new boyfriend in man prison.

Guess he doesnt realize what prison is gonna be like for him and the beatings he is gonna come upon!!! Be ready little punk.

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory,"  "Well, says the Judge, that hand shall be removed!"

I would slap that smirk off his face,before putting the noose around his neck!!We need to put corporal punishment back in schools, and when the kids get home, parents need to wear that a&amp;%out!!!

If he had killed or inured one of my kids. He wouldn't have even made it into the courtroom.

"Killer"  after he's passed around for smokes in the big house, they'll get him a shirt that says "Thriller".!

Save all the Tax Payers their money and just euthanize him.. Be done with him, lights out.

Same attitude some little puke had that walked out in front of my car flipping me off daring me to kick his #$%$ and when I got out he pleaded he was a minor.

He said that he masturbates with the hand that killed his victims. He should be castrated and sent to prison for life.

Butt raped daily for the next 50 years, then beaten to death slowly. .

Them prison guys are going to like this one . He will be whistling dixie through another orfis without trying ....

Exciting to think about this little #$%$ trying to rough up those prisonersBoy they're gonna love him

".....alternative school he attended, for students who haven't done well in traditional settings." Typical PC mumbo-jumbo. Bring back "reform" schools.My thoughts and prayers go out to the families...I can't even think of how the parents stayedseated. Have faith in knowing there are parents in jail that miss there kids.

Let's see how quickly it takes for this little s*it to make headlines again, but this time his name will be Alice, and he'll be holding onto someone's pockets.

Lets see how tough he is when he's being bent over by five or six guys wanting a taste of that fresh fish booty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

still don't think we have a gun problem?

Put a broomstick up his #$%$ and literally mop the floors with him as his prison job.

Bet he would have felt a little different if the result ordered was death by hanging. Which it should have been.

Three life sentences ...so if any of the convictions s/b overturned for anyreason (thnx Attny's) he would still be imprisoned...it is also a small level of closure for each family knowing this creep was convicted of their loved one's murder...

What a waste of taxpayer money. just take that .22 and shot him in the back of his head and dump his body in a land fill

Well when you got parents that use the television and xbox to entertain their kids.. what do you expect...then there's that little thing like a good a@@ whupping not being allowed and the number one reason - the little snits need to be in the yard playing.  The current parents today are the most selfish, immature, idiots I've ever run across.  They don't have a clue how to come out of the rain and they rely on the government to tell them how to raise their kids.And this little punk - is what you get!

They're already putting out cartons of smokes to see who rides this kid first.ROT IN HELL

I'm sure someone in prison will wipe that smirk off his face. Enjoy your life in prison you POS.

Wow I just have no words for this sick piece of useless #$%$. I hope he is absolutely painfully tormented in prison. Why wouldn't the prison, the CO's, the court etc see this shirt and not allow him to wear it? I don't understand how he got away with writing on it and wearing it? He should be in an orange jumpsuit.

Unfortunately it will take our judicial system 40 years to sit him down on  big sparky.

LOL !!!!  This smirking little smart #$%$ has NO idea of what's waiting  for him in prison. I just wish we could get a day by day review of his "adventures" in his new life.  May he rot in his own personal little hell.

He'll have plenty of time smirkin behind bars.

Enjoy your life in jail, PUNK!.. You should of taken your life instead of kids with futures... Evil little Sh**it.

Where did he get the damn marker to begin with ?

Death is too good for this ... thing...

Bubba awaits himthink there waiting for him in prison    good luck guys have fun with him

Disgusting. This kid will rot in hell. why is he even allowed that shirt in court?

Who is this judge that let this go on first he never should of wore that shirt any sane judge would of made him put on another shirt.Second when he opened his mouth like that he should of be taken out of the courtroom.That judge needs to be fired those family members should of never heard that.

Residents of Ohio: remember the name of this judge - David Fuhry - and do NOT re-elect him.

This is the perfect example of when we should let the victims family members mete out their own justice, then we would see just how tough this punk is without a gun and no courtroom protection! My bet is this punk would need a bodybag after all is said and done.

Why should taxpayers have to foot the bill for his useless waste of space in prison...execute him now.

I wonder if he will have that smirk on his face once he has been traded for a carton of cigarettes before being bent over.

Big Bubba is waiting and will have his way with him.

Hey FISH first thing they are going to do is knock out your front teeth so you cannot bite... And no one hears you scream in prison.

Wow this is one messed up individual and he still won his case. Sure he may have a few life sentences but he won't get the justice he deserves. Score one for the completely sane yet hate filled murderer.Better get the lubricating jelly ready!!  You're about to meet Bubba!

I'm wondering about two things: 1) I wonder what his parents are saying. 2) Were the students he was aiming for "bullying" him? Cause it is high school. In that case, the group of students that he was aiming for got what they deserved. Bullies need to be handled with aggression. If it was random, then let his #$%$ rot in prison.

His snotty childish attitude is going to get him raped to death in prison. Sadly he deserves a lot worse than that. His parents should be completely ashamed they raised a pissy little #$%$ like him.

Bubba's waiting for the little #$%$...

He should have killed himself cuz being a #$%$ in prison is nothing worth killing for

It is about time they get what they have comming to them the good old boys will take gooc care of him in prison he will be passed around

why not a death sentence.. seems like he is a perfect candiate for a needle in the arm.. heck we should reinstate hanging.

One of the victim's mother said it right:  "pathetic".  Enough said.

How come every white criminal who commits mass murder and is apprehended claim insanity, and have a really good chance of being declared insane and get 10 to 15 years in jails. Yet, other people get twenty years with no parole for smoking a joint, selling weed or "stealing" a lawn chair?

Those parents of the victims have some amazing self control. If it was my son he killed and he has the audacity to flick me off and say "**** you all", I would jump over that guard rail and beat the living **** out of him.He's going to be raped and beaten daily where he's going.. the family's involved should take comfort in that

A lot of tax payers' money to be spent on a worthless life.

Too bad they can't let him out in the prison yard and get some good old fashioned yard justice.

This is becoming far too common recently. Nearly every week there is a horrible shooting rampage at a school or somewhere. What is wrong with our children? What is wrong with us (society)? It's sickening. I fear every moment my daughter is away at school, walking down the street, or just out with friends. I never used to worry, now its dangerous to do anything.

1 Bullet takes care of him ! Cost 2 dollars ! (and maybe the salary of the shooter)

What do we do with animals that attack and kill humans?  We hunt them down and kill them, right?  How is this any different?

He's a tough guy now, in 20 - 30 years from now, he'll be on tv crying and begging for his release.  The absolute ignorance of the youth today.  No respect for anything or anyone.

This kid is beyond screwed when he gets to prison....good luck little man.

When he gets to Prison he won't be know as Killer, he will be known #$%$".

Only regret is this punk didn't kill himself.   He is laughing his way to jail because, we, the taxpayers are now on the hook for feeding and housing him until his death.I'm not sure why we don't have prison camps where the inmates are forced to do manual labor all day and then get a minimal amount of food that will sustain them. Sleep in an uncomfortable cot only to get up and do it again. When our prisons become less hospitable than living free, crime will not go away. This kid is going to prison and whats it going to teach him? Not a damn thing.

Once he gets to prison, his mouth will get all the action.

He is probably the product of a young mother who did not want him but thanks to all those who must attend to others business (pro lifers) she had him and looked what happens. Not only is his life ruined but look at all the others he took with him.  I blame him to  degree but  I blame the parent and society just as much!1

He just like that Newtown nut.  He's not going to a white-collar resort prison, he's going to a  Federal "pound-me-in-the#$%$ prison.

If people can get possessed he sounds like he could be one of them.

In prison he will have the word "B!tch" written all over him...

The only winners in the Gun Culture are the gun manufacturers, the funeral directors and the NRA Lie Machine.

And easy access to guns made it all possible.

he'll be kept in segregation.......for his safety. #$%$ ant!!

Well where,s cnn ?? Explaining how he had a screwed up life ,and feeling sorry for this pos ????Fifteen minutes of fame, lifetime of shame, soon Bubba's dame. He should do real well in prison with that attitude.

He cursed and shouted when he learned his fate for killing. What did he think? That they'd let him go? Model citizen. Poster child for why we need to control firearms.

In Prison he will have the word Little #$%$ on his shirt!! We will see how cocky he is in the Pen!!!!!!!!

Killer huh? Wait till he meets some really nasty dudes in prison!! He is only a puke!!

For the life of me I do not get it. After committing such a terrible crime reacts like that? And...where are the parents?

One tough dide. He will be a real tettor in the pen.  Picture a life time of what he will live thru.  Yep, real tough guy.

We all will be judged one day. His time will come soon enough. wonder what his t-shirt will say while he stands before God?

I can't believe we have to waste our tax money housing a piece of s--- like this!

Bubba will have fun with the this little kid in prison..

DOES IT EVER END?Made it into court like that ? Cops look bad too.Cops need to put a note on the back of his clothes to wear throughout his day's.It's only fair.

He can smirk, he can smile, and he can try to act like a punk bad@^^ all he wants, but in the end he'll break down and weep pathetically whilst being sodomized just like all the other wannabes.

He is definitely mentally ill.

From the looks of his build and "smirky" attittude I would be willing to wager that his time is very limited. He's about to be used, abused, and thrown out with the trash.

Oh he's gonna be real popular in prison , he'll be treated like a pin cushion !

Bubba's gonna have fun with him..

Sorry sack of @#%! Should have to walk the mile and ride the lightning!

He will be known as killer beotch in prison. Bubba will be waiting on him!

And a week from now ,no one,other than those who were affected ,(bless them),will remember this P.O.S. He and he alone will be left to recall his sorry excuse for a life.....he has some long ,lonely days ahead.

Liberals with the ACLU will get this kid off in no time and then sue the victims as the final nail.That kids attitude is not going to be popular in prison, although im sure he will be popular in the showers.  Here's hoping you drop the soap....ALOT!

I've got an idea. turn this guy over to the parents of the kids he killed. I can assure you that would gladly assume the responsibility.

prisoners dont look too kindly to people like this guy.  he's not going to last long in the prison system once the prisoners get a word of what he did

Toss his skinny white bread butt in with the general population and we'll see who the real "killer" is.....

They're gonna love this turd in the joint. Nobody hears your screams and nobody cares.

What a piece of rat #$%$....The only other crime he will commit will be living long enough to cost us taxpayers money to feed his sorry #$%$ 3 meals a day.  Amen to Brians comment about the firing squad.  Swift punishment in these types of cases!

Bubba gonna love him right

Prison life won't be kind to this kid.  Big Biff likes little boys.  He's gonna be someone's girlfriend the first day he arrives in the big house.  See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya...beeeactch.

I am hoping that on Day #1 Bubba and his friends make this little #$%$ their b*tch and then proceed to gang rape his scrawny little carcass every day after.

Most men in prison will like his soft skin. Give it to him boy's.lI don't want to support him for the next 70 or so years.  Kill him, like he killed those innocent young students.

I just hope they beat the F outta him in jail and torture him make him pay 4 what he did....smfh life wasted.....

Fresh meat for the animals he`ll live with.  But don`t worry after the 26th time it will slide in and out very easy!!   Wishing him a Slow Death.

Let's see how cocky he is once the reality of a life in prison, and the reality of living with other animals for the rest of his life, hits him. I get the feeling looking at him he is going to be very popular with the real killers.

What a POS!!!  Hopefully, some inmates will wipe that smirk off his face.

Why was this mistake of nature allowed to do all this in a courtroom ? He should have been in prison garb with his hands shackled to his side ! Way to go ohio justice system :::::::::::

Proper medicines. huh so the rest of the world has to revolve around people this bad. Medicine is just a band aid for some of these idiots.

The Insanity in the Blue State Urban Cesspools is beginning to make me uneasy....I hope that none of these Psycho's migrate down to the Super Thriving Texas......Texas could already build a Battleship with all the Blue State Vehicle License Plates in their Recycle Centers.....

Can someone tell me why this jerk was allowed to  take off his shirt in the court room. This guy should have been kept in cuffs for life. Better yet cuffs till the court sentenced him to death. Why are they going to let this nut live?The anti death penalty people should have to pay to keep this guy alive.

I bet in prison his name gets changed to B.J Lane. Your a pathetic little coward and prison will show everyone that. Ms. Lane.hope his a #$%$ to the whole prison... POS

Anyone still don't believe someone can be possessed by the devil?

Justice for the victims families would be to put this "piece of #$%$" person in a locked room with them for about 2-3 hrs.

He thinks he is a little smart *** til he gets to prison &amp; then that shirt is gonna say b****Bless the families who had to endure this trial.

Why did the judge allow this festering piece of excrement to torment the families?   The judge should have bound and gagged this waste of amino acid chains.   Too bad one of the dads in the courtroom didn't go after him.  I bet the judge would have given him a day in jail for killing this piece of #$%$.

Eye for an eye

So now....the good people of Ohio have to pay for the next 60 to 70 years for house and feed this animal ! ! !  He's rotten thru and thru.......they should have waived the death penalty age and fried his sorry a@# ! ! ! !   When will this judicial system change and be fair for the Victims of these crimes ? ? ?

He's got a Purty mouth.

What a disgusting little piece of #$%$!!!  His parents will hide their face in shame for the rest of their lives, and rightly so!  Just hope they know where they went wrong!  Yes, that's right, that's what I said, and I believe every word of it!!

Yeah, kids a POS and will more than likely get his.  Yet the media still chooses to make these people and events famous and sensationalizing.Too bad.  He'll have to pay for what he did.  He messed his own life up and destroyed others.

Tie him to a chain in the desert and watch him suffer. Cheap and slow

He will be lucky to live a year! I have a feeling that someone will beat this pitiful excuse of a human to death

This "Kid" showed no moxy in ending his own life, (like some of the other idiots),now taxpayers have to flip for his tab. Well "Killer" meet Bubba, the new love of your lifetime x3,"till death do you part"

Well you think we would of learn by now to just put his type to death instead of housing him for the rest of his life; costing tax payers approx. $50,000 a year to confine him, feed him and clothed him.

Let's do this. He admitted to the killings, right --- NO TRIAL, DO NOT PASS GO, ETC. Death Penalty, PERIOD. So lets put it on Pay Per View, and, have a raffle  for say $ 1,000.00 each to see who gets to give him the needle, and all the  money collected goes to the families, how's that sound.

In other places of the world, the convict's family would be responsible for feeding, clothing, and taking care of him in prison. This is something we should do in the U.S. If this was so in Ohio, I wonder if his family would feed him? The death penalty is too good for this guy and it costs way more than life in prison.

....What.? ya say ya can't take the full '12..well your Daddy sez youse gonna punk.!

A rope is a whole lot cheaper and can be reused bring back public hangings and I think these things will stop

I'm somewhat surprised that the judge didn't immediately cite him for contempt.  Yes, the penalty for contempt of court isn't anywhere near three life sentences but it is nice to imagine that being tacked on and ensuring Lane never, ever leaves prison.The only way to completely rid ourselves of this garbage is to bring back mandatory "death penalty"!We have DNA now as well as closed circuit TV to make sure offenders are not beaten, tortured or tyhreatened into a signed confession...lets use these technologies to put away the bad guys for good!  Get a petition to reinstate the "Death Penalty"! ...NOW!

Thats it yahoo post picture after picture of this aholes T-shirt and his smirking giving him his own little glory and rubbing it into the victims families face

The fact is that this guy (T.J. Lane) is going to get a lot of letters from women, most of them wanting to marry him (in prison).In am 51 years old with no criminal record and yet, women treat me as if I am the "BOGEYMAN" of something.

What is this guy's religion? What is his race/ethnicity?

How many Blacks just shot each other in Chicago in the last 10 minutes alone? A lot...

Im so sorry for the families. I would have nightmares for life. However, if he suffers from hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies,isnt that one of the clearest reasons for an insanity plea? He knows, but is not fully aware. He belongs in an institution he is either crazy or possessed.

This kid is a full blown nut job. We must get in place options for parents of these kids, there are just not adequate resources to alleviate the unimaginable problems these families have, and they finally just give up, and we the public pay the price in lives.

Liberals and their pagan ideology are now in charge of the country. The result is GOD is hated as are the Conservative White Christians who in the vast majority founded and protected this country since its inception...Now the Liberals run things and we have rampant schools, Gang Violence, fatherless homes unlike never before, and a country on the verge of Civil War.This Teen is an example of what happens when the government takes the place of the parents in the families...I would be this puke never had a spanking in his life.No GOD in our society, no parent authority in our homes, the government is now in control of all parts of our lives and business... is anyone realy suprised ?The government stepped in and made Drill Instructors be more "polite" to recruits. The result is the emotionally unfit are going into combat and coming home and committing suicide. The DI's used to weed these people out in boot camp.Name one thing the government has done well ?It destroyed the Indian race, the black race is in horrible shape due to dependence on government entitlements, and its recruiting the poor from being productive into entitlement slaves as fast as it can...It creats the social problems, and their solution is always the same...DISARM THE PUBLIC !!!

This kid is the reason I own and carry a firearm. I shoot all hoodies and split.

Three squares a day and a new best friend BUBBA....You guys watch too much Oz and obsess about anal sex in prison. Seriously. It's been said like 50 times on this message board. Shut up and realize this kid has mental issues and no amount of bunsex is going to bring back these murdered teenagers.

they are INNOCENT I blame the guns for as everybody knows guns kill never the nut doing the shooting am I right you gun control freaks ?

Bad parenting creates boys like this. I don't care if you disagree.

Great, so we gotta put out tons of money to keep this little #$%$ alive in prison instead of a few pennies for a .22 shell to pop him in the head, yea that's good thinkin

I noticed Pugsly mainly killed Black kids. I wonder if they punked him for his lunch money?

Tax payers can no longer afford to pay for this P.O.S. to live,  They want to cut S.S.I. from people who worked all there live,s and played by the rule,s Always take care of the one,s that took care of you and the ones coming will take care of you someday.

Ah... He'll be needing some KY-Jelly really soon... You can count on it.

i would love to be his cell mateno #$%$easy to be a badass when he thinks hes goin to segragationhousingwait til he hits gen pop1st nighthis sheetwould strangle himyepnose to noseso u could say goodnight sweetyas he gaspedand his eyes bulged

String him up slowly, don't make taxpayers pay to feed him in prison.

Pathetic loser.The Weasel will be Crying for his Mommy in a Week.

someone get him some lipstick hes going to need it wheres going

If this little puke did these acts in my courtroom, his teeth would be on the floor.

If this kid was 17 when he committed the murders and tried as an adult, then why were the two teens who raped a 16 year old only tried as juveniles?

how sad for all!

he doesn't deserve prison, he deserves to die. His attitude stinks and he needs taught a hard lesson. One can only hope he gets it in prison

Oh man he looks like a little guy...he will have fun in prison...I'll bet that he is murdered within the first 6 months

next time you see him he will be an inmates #$%$...

What are the Gun Worshippers so deathly afraid of?  I go about my day, walking and driving without fear.  Why are they so fearful?  Do they live in or go to high crime areas?  Heck no!  Then why do they seem so cowardly?

stupid kid, had no idea what await him in the prison.Hopefully, like Dahmer, he won't last a year in prison. I really don't want to support him for the next 50 years. I still have the other 47% of the population to support. Plus myself, if there's anything left.

Get ready to become someones #$%$ you fing punk

I SINCERELY HOPE a hard core, violent criminal kills this sorry shred of human debris in prison!

Demon Possession ....This fellow needs deliverance in Jesus Name....

Inspite of the fact that this kid is mentally ill he goes on trail.We really should scrape the idea of mental illness or defect in court cases cuz it's clear that it doesn't make any material difference.By the way, for all of you conservative people reading this article must know that it costs the country millions of dollars to house the mentally ill in prisons.Absurd!

Well I guess he really showed us.......Have a nice rest of your life in prison....unable to do anything....because you are not free....enjoy getting you #$%$ beat and the rapes......did I mention for the rest of your life???

my son is a co in a prison and said when he come,s in to prison they will put him in with the bigges bull they have ,and that will be his room mate till the bull sell,s him to someone else.

Ed if we're going to send him to Afghanistan make him do something useful, like find mines.....with a pogo stick.

He will get excellent healthcare. The authorities wil want him around along time. Hopefully the Jeffery Dalmmer  ending will happen before too much time passes.

Parents are no longer allowed to parent because of social service rules. Spank a kid's butt, go to jail. All you can do is give them a time out or take their tv and phone away. Change the laws so parents can parent like mine did in the 50's. When you disobeyed your parents then or sassed (remember the word) them, by the time your parents were through with you, your hide wouldn't hold shucks!!! We were also taken to church to learn how we were to behave.Make this kid the Example, We the people wont stand for this behaviour murder is murder. He should be on death row not 3 terms of life.

This kid is really "tweaked"... what are his parents like?what type of home did he grow up in?are there anymore at home like this?my condolences to the families of the victims.

should have 3 options  needle, electricity, or .22

We had the death penalty,here in Illinois, but, thanks to our idiot lawmakers, they changed that rule.These felons get free cable, while in jail, and we are footing the bill. Can some one please pay my cable bill? There should be no television allowed while in jail,and more manual labor jobs. If he killed three students, he should get the firing squad.

What gets me is all these Lib shrinks are saying kids brains dont develope until their 25 so their not able to know right from wrong and we need to spend billions of dollars to help them. The public has gone along with this reasoning from the Libs , so now you are reaping what you have sowed. No hard feeling here but you wanted it now you have got it all across this country.

I imagine a dog kicked one to many times.

Can you Poindexters who oppose the death penalty please put forth a cogent argument?

What's going on with teens in Ohio, is it in the drinking water or just poor parenting?

And some people want to blame guns......

He got the sentence he deserved.  Some people are beyond help.  What a horrible person he is.  Kind of sad in such a young soul, but he doesn't seem to have one.these stories are becoming less and less surprising these days. every time you look at the news, someone else is going crazy with a gun and killing INNOCENT people.

New meat smirk boy

just shoot this idiot. why waste tax dollars keeping him alive in prison? yea right I know libs he can be rehabilitated

cursed in the womb...

Funny thing is a lot of inmates won't have to masterbate now because he's there. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.

Kill it.

The inmates will order the proper sentence. This fool does not realize he was actually given a death sentence. An eye for an eye.

These sickos should be organ donors ,for those that actually have something to give society

Wonder how this "killer" will handle the other inmates.  Or should I say how will the inmates handle this "killer"

Let him loose in the General population,  let them have their way with him.....Then execute him....Send this Demon seed to Hell Heavenly Father,   this is where he belongs.Fry the POS and be done with it!

Some huge black guy named "Tiny" is sitting in his prison cell salavating over his tight #$%$  Have fun getting #$%$ #$%$'t the rest of your life!!

So let me get this straight, we won't provide at least minimal basic health care to everyone in this country or decent education for all, but we'll let them use our tax dollars to support this kid so he can masturbate his life of potentially another 65 years or so away. Seriously.

He won't be smiling when he's bent over with 12 incher inside him!

He will kill himself in 9 months...skinny little boy in prison going to make a great wife for an inmate!  LOL

"Everybody gotta be somewhere" and he is going where he should be going.

KILL IT! KILL IT! Quick, squish it! Grinning little turd needs death.

Wouldn't you just like to have him alone for 10 minutes? Life my #$%$!! this constitutes death! He'll NEVER be a member of society, why waste money feeding that little punk!!

his lawyer let him wear that in court?

Comment by Save The American Family - STAF, Inc.,-not-for-profit-By Dr. Christian von Christophers, Ph.D., N.D.Practically all mass shooters have two things in common: (1) they are victims of a parental separation or divorce &amp; (2) they are all males.A growing boy needs especially his father's continuous presence and guidance, more so than his mother's. The moral in our marriages has gone close to a zero. The children grow up disturbed &amp; misled. In addition, the violent video games &amp; violent movies are replacing the parental love &amp; healthy attention - the children get a wrong picture about being a human being. The young mass killers suffer from the Broken Marriage Syndrome™.In a family separation &amp; divorce both spouses will experience (1) health challenges leading to a shorter life span and (2) to added financial difficulties. Any traditionally done marriage turned dysfunctional can be healed. Giving up as the first solution is not reasonable for anyone. A separation and a divorce are serious child abuse.Every child experiencing a parental divorce faces serious life threatening disasters - the most important listed here: (1) overall increased risks to health &amp; welfare; (2) 5 times more likely to commit suicide; (3) 32 times more likely to run away; (4) 20 times more likely to have behavioral disorders; (5) 14 times more likely to commit rape; (6) 9 times more likely to drop out of school; (7) 10 times more likely to abuse alcohol and drugs; (8) 20 times more likely to end up in prison; (9) increased learning difficulties; (10) increased risk of divorce when grown; (11) increased out of wedlock pregnancies; (12) Latest discovery by the researchers: highly increased risk of having a stroke during his/her life time.In every recent case, including Ohio, Colorado, CT, all these above reasons were present. The CT mass shooter Adam Lanza hated his mother (killed her first) because she had initiated the divorce and took his father away.He hated his father because (as any child would wrongly feel) Adam believed his father did not love him any longer and had abandoned him.  Any child specialist would know this reason. Adam's possible autism is not the reason for a violent behavior. But uncontrolled jealousy and denied love are - some of the reasons for the mass shooters' behavior. E.g., in many cultures (not that it is right) going after the other lover was widely (and still is) admired and even permitted.The long-term solution is to start educating the whole nation how to heal the American Family &amp; our homes where our children are growing up. In the U.S. marriage happiness &amp; child raising education for every family &amp; every teenager in our schools (and colleges) is fully missing today but is present in most other developed countries in their school curricula.In a happy home with both parents present the children grow up healthy - no Broken Marriage Syndrome™ and no reason to go to punish the world by killing everyone around.STAF, Inc.'s presence is needed in D.C. in the U.S. Congress (House &amp; Senate). STAF, Inc.'s founding President is planning (1) to seek a seat in D.C. Congress/Senate to provide the necessary information to the D.C. lawmakers and (2) to establish a fully new federal agency, Healthy Lifestyle &amp; Family Success Agency, and to be named its first federal director. New legislation and training for all these matters are needed in a results-bringing manner.Visit STAF,Inc.'s extensive websites. To find the correct website, use STAF, Inc.'s Radio Show title in your internet search - lower &amp; upper keys as is here:  "DrDrCanYouHelpMe". You'll get free CEU &amp; College-University credits for listening - the original show recordings in the internet 24/7.Respectfully,Christian von Christophers, Ph.D., N.D.STAF, Inc.'s founding PresidentThey really need to change that whole adult when your 18 thing. So many wicked people does crimes at 17 such as the rape at Stubenville. I knew as much at 17 as I did at 18. I really didn't know much more till my mid twenties. 18 is a stupid number.

the reason why this shit happens is easy, laws are just too soft, PERIOD! Amputate both his arms, this way he can't shoot anyone. Once you find out that the punishment for shooting someone is amputation, people will think twice..Done DEAL!

no remorse at all CHILLING

NOT an easy boy to love is he?

He sure has a pretty mouth I bet it will be used a lot in prison, but I think it is time to start giving out death penalties to people like him, how many guys like this nut job have killed our kids in school? and yet the only get prison time, you can argue gun control all you want to but it comes down to punishment, and these nut jobs need to know they will end up dead one way or another for there actions!

This guy is obviously nuts.  I agree he should probably spend the rest of his life behind bars but the comments here seem to delight in his misfortune.  No one normal acts the way he has . This is a terrible for everyone

Lane is going to be masturbating some real big inmates....with his mouth.

I would say send him with a case of K-Y...but he doesn't even deserve that. Good luck prison b!@#$

Ok "Killer". Send us some pics of your new home.

He's about to start a lifetime of finding out how badass he ISN'T.Smurking peace of S#&amp;* eye for a eye

Very sad that this story was posted under 'Education' news!

And my tax dollar has to pay to keep this puke alive?  I say give him a third eye at close range!

Bring back PUBLIC EXICUTION!Bring back THE ROPE!

I work at a prison and he will be treated well so very sad

What a waste of sperm!

As David Spade would say "Buh-Bye"

I wonder if he will smile when "Fabulous Freddie and The Furious Fister Sisters Five" take turns on his young tender #$%$.

send it to force labor forever...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe he'll keep that grin after they punk him 150 times.  Thugs, Fresh meat headed your way.He getting several new shirts, like:  My boyfriend Bubba raped me violently and all he got me was this dumb t-shirt., Prison #$%$, Property of Bubba.

He is obviously mentally ill.

Stop wasting tax payers money keeping people like this alive!

That smile will be gone when Big Tiny gets him.

he not worth feeding, rid him of this planet

The death penalty exists for losers like this...

His t-shirt will soon say "buttf*ckee"...

Why he still live, while...?

iam sure someone will beat that smile off his face!

Chimpacution for this little rat looking punk. Throw him in a cage with 5 chimps and we will see who is smirking.He will b a woman soon!

I'm pretty sure when five black guys and a group of skinheads are running a train on him in prison on a daily basis, he'll quickly wish he had been given the death penalty.

Is there something that is in the food air or water that is making our young people nuts ????

don't u b  takin no showers now boy n don't b droppin da soap aint NO place 2 b kickin it to

this animal, should be dead!

Wow, bubba is not gonna like this....oohhhh wait i guess bubba is gonna LOVE HIM LONG TIME!!

This kid is horrific, clearley doesnt care. This is the only reason why i support the death penalty. He should get it.

Fry him!!!!

He is sooo raped.

While in prison, his pretty little mouth will be doing a lot more of eating #$%$ then talking #$%$!!! Masturbate to THAT you little punk!!He is going to be very popular once he gets to prison. They are already trading cartons of cigerettes for him

OHIO Remember the JUDGE - David L. Fuhry

Kill him!

I am sure his cell mate would love to wrap that t-shirt on the door #$%$!

I dont understand how or why he was ALLOWED to wear that t-shirt???? Now he gets to slap the court and victims in the face,,,Where was the jail attire?? Sometimes I wonder who has more rights in our country.......sad.

What you clods could not stomach giving this brat the needle? The people of Ohio are a bunch of Uteruses.

What could be causing this madness? Food preservatives, climate change, low count brain cells, rap music, reality shows, bad economy, not enough sleep ... Help!!!

This punks thinks he's a bad #$%$ for taking three innocent lives. Hopefully someone takes care of him in prison...

Glad he got the maximum sentence. Clearly he deserved it.

this killer, is going to have a rather large harry man named Bubba as a boyfriendHere is one of the new generation of cowards we have produced. Death is too good for him, enjoy the gang rapes you will be on the receiving end of. We as parents need to do a better job or raising our  children.

Here in Texas would would of put him to sleep already......jus sayin

Can't wait for the prison inmates get a hold of him!

don't care what his age is....sick fool like this needs to get death...before some judge down the road releases him because he plays good with the other criminals in prison

he will not last three months in prison.it will be known what he did in court to the rest of the inmates.

Butter up those cheeks buddy!  You have 3 life sentences of being butthurt!

I don't understand; why is that little p*r*i*c*k allowed to wear and flaunt that shirt?

lethal injection and get over with !....There is no cure for evil

Let the boys in the slam have at him.

He commited the crime he needs to serve the time....IN HELL!!!!it should be mandatory that he is forced to mix with the prison general population - with no segregation - meaning he MUST mix with the white pop, the hispanic pop, and the black pop...What kind of smirk will he have on his face then? He won't. He'll be a bloody mess all the time and might even be killed.

He kinda looks like Sid from toy story.

What a sick little b*stard.....We will see how much he smirks when that same hand is masturbating his new boyfriend,cause trust me he's definately gonna be the girl.He'll have plenty of time to make cute little t-shirts for his soon-to-be husband.

His new name in prison will be B.J.Lane, and his newest friend be will Big Daddy Pimp

he sure does have a purty mouth.

Death Penalty.... enough said.

They should open gun season on him. An eye for an eye. I bet if they turned him loose, the families and friends would take care of him. Maybe the inmates will do justice for him.

Where is Stubenville now? I take it he doesn't play football.

I wish the law would allow death penalty.  If he knew that he would be hanged, he would have wetted his pants.  Now poor taxpayers have to afford him a "comfortable" living for years to come.

Some people could agree that changing the letter "R" should be replaced by letter "D"Let us all pray...Lord please make T.J. Lane suffer in pain until he takes his own life. Let him cry and shake and worry every minute he is alive. Let him fashion a noose out of his bloody underwear and hang himself in his cell. Amen

..and btw, I don't understand how people can "thumbs down" some of these posts that seem entirely reasonable to me, given what this young man did and how he reacted in the courtroom....

If you shoot someone to death, you should be shot to death.

Just a scared little boy trying to be defiant.

Why would the court permit to wear his "Killer" T-Shirt  in the courtroom?  It should have immediatley been ripped off of him and he could sit there half naked.  Also, why wasnt' he restrained at his first disturbance.Good ol' TJ has a tender and young butt nd a pretty mouth. I am sure they will be quite attractive for his fellow inmates.  Hopefully, some of them will have uncureable / fatal STD's.

So despite the fact that he HAS hallucinations, psychosis, etc. He is competent to stand trial. Although I don't have enough evidence &amp; info to make the determination that, FOR SURE he is not competent to stand trial he gets tried anyway.  It amazes me how prsecutors will go after people ,despite all the evidence to the contrary , just to get that feather in the cap.  Prosecutors I have met ,with one exception, are dirtbags.

DISGUSTING

Past time for government intervention concerning Mental Health problems in America,

his colon is in for some serious play time.

His t-shirt says "killer", but to the other inmates it reads s@x sl@ve. for life.  He deserves countless nights of beatings and tortures, followed by endless days of the same.The lessons he will learn in prison will be good ones

This little pecker-wood should die a very slow and painful death. Not by the hand of another inmate but from cancer

The word is not wife it is #$%$ and the people wont haft to worrey about paying vary long with him he wont last.

Real tough and hardcore...while in protective custody and he did use a gun. Now fast forward to prison. Let's see how hardcore and tough he is without a gun...with no one holding his hand, and not getting the attention he's getting. Gotta find out why we're producing these morons in record numbers. parents, education, environment? Or have they buried themselves in the internet and video games and have no clue about reality...until it's too late.

They need to cane him first like they do in Singapore

Death for him is a better choice.

I'm sure we all agree what he did was bananas. Where did it stem from... I'm not blaming anyone except him, but when did the switch happen. What was the trigger... it always fascinates me. I wonder if we all have it in us.

yep, he's gonna get it good in prison...

He wont last one year in prision with the way he was acting in court he will get what is coming to him and it will be fast. And with no murcey at all.

something wrong with an eye for an eye in this case??????Goodbye T U R D Hope you've been practicing your oral skills, your going to need them.

He is probably gonna learn the phrase "turned out"

If I read this correctly he was tried as an adult, he should have received the death penalty.  Why keep this piece of trash in prison and waste taxpayers money!

I lived in Ohio, it is illegal to carry a weapon on a school campus.  This can't be true!

The problem is kids get out of line parent backhand the little s.....t and Social Service get in your life, I remember if I got out of line my mom only needed to look at me and knew to get back on that line, ther is too many laws and bs regarding how you correct your children, kids can't not be abuse, but parent need to protected by some of this law, teachers, social services workers, police and parents need to be in the same page so this little mosters can follow some rules.

looks like he didn't get his #$%$ beat enough by his parents when he was a kid.

We have no problems destroying animals that are prone to attacking humans and see them as defective and can't be reformed.  Ironic how society somehow thinks we can reform this defective creature and keep him caged for life.

another child created out of a bonjour love. i found him on the internet.BOJUUR

Let the others in Jail take care of him.  He'll be someone's b***ch - I bet he won't be smirking then.

l hope he likes protein shakes!This is just completely repulsive.  These kids nowadays have absolutely NO CONSCIENCE as to the innocent people's lives they affect with their heinous crimes.  He is the loser with that big smirk on his face in the photo.  He has thrown away his entire life to live in a jail cell at 18 years old.  Then, to blatantly display a t-shirt like that to the court with complete disrespect to the families who lost their loved ones is absolutely reprehensible.  Let's see how big of a man you are, T. J., when you get to the big house with Bubba who's waiting for you.  Better get you some soap on a string because you're going to need it.  Let's see how tough you are then when you're crying like a baby and nobody will help you.

Cute, pretty, soft little teenage body going into prison with 320 lb. Big Daddy Bubba...gonna find out real fast what doing 'hard time' really means.

Give him to the fathers of the victims.

TJ Lane's last public tantrum - Grade D minus!

Yeah,...we'll see how "killer" does in the real world he's headed to.  More like #$%$.

throw his parents in jail with him! all worthless!

What a dirt ball!  Just wait until those inmates get a hold of that skinny kid.I hope they tag team that punk like a blow up doll! Why waste tax payer money let's go back to biblical times "stone" your butt to death.

Smoke him.......

Too many Americans are lame azzes!  Why?!  Because America will waste my tax dollars putting this clown in jail for the next 50 years...  while I'd have him executed within 30 days of the trial being over.

Give them what they gave! That's what they deserve save taxpayers money........Have fun being someone's prison date there Sonny, cos you got a real pretty mouth.

He wont be smirking or making lude comments when he is introduced to his new friernd in the shower!!!! No soap on the rope for this punk!!!

Hey suka, Bubba sez to tell your as;s hi, he can't wait to meet it.

How much you wanna' bet he came from a disfunctional family.

It's about time to lower the minimum age for capital punishment.

Cut his #$%$ off, sew it to his forehead and let him masturbate to that tune! Friggin POS!

I hope "killer " had the foresight to pack alot of Vaseline and bandaids

Let's see if you can keep that smirk on your face when you run into Bubba in the big house you piece of #$%$!

he said he did it, he is happy he did it, why are we keeping him alive?

Your gonna do alot of mastubating alright.....While your new husband takes a ride down Hershey highway...Yes Ohio state pen will make a man I mean woman out of him...maybe he will find some guys to play dungeons and dragons with

I hope they put him in a cell with Big Bubba.

put him with the big boys

Give him a dirt nap.

I just want to know how he was able/allowed to write that on his shirt? and why he was allowed to wear it? What a sad story all the way around.

dont forget the KY...you'll need it

He'll be dead soon enough, when he runs his punkass mouth in prison, they'll kill em

Need to play the song prision b**** for him because he better get used to it...

Welcome to Earth!

Yeah right punk. You wont be doing much masturbating in jail.  You'll be too busy being raped.  Enjoy not being able to hear your farts from here on out!He thinks he's being cute and tough now, but that won't be the case when someone has him bent over in prison

send him to afghanistan and send one of our soldiers home

He doesn't realize that he just isn't that tough. Pulling a trigger and writing 'Killer' on his shirt doesn't make him tough.  He almost seems suicidal to me...no regard for anybody's life and jeopardizing his own.

I don't think he will be as "proud and boastful" when he becomes someone's girlfriend. He deserves what ever he gets!

Wow never heard such sick stuff before masturbating to their memory wow! Can we please fry this guy

And many thanks to the news media for giving this young man exactly what he wanted. lots and lots of publicity...

nowdays if you try to teach your kids respect - the old fashion way- you go to jail for battery. so instead they became these young punks and your tax dollars go to support  them, not only one, but THREE lifetimes. LOL....

I hope the skinny punk talks trash in prison too...

This dude is an offspring of Satan

Man it's going to get UGLY for a Long Time.. They'll wipe that Smug off his Face, Bu#T#T quick...I think he should get the death penalty

Bad to the bone...can only hope he learns that when some one worse than him , in the same prison takes him out. Like Jeffrey D.

What a smug little bast--d, can't wait til he tries that attitude on Big Bubba in prison.

Don't worry about that hand kid. It's another part of your body thats going to be sliding up and down.

Looks likes someone is getting a fresh new girlfriend for life, SOON.....

This guy is no different than the abortion doc and his employees that snipped the spines of innocent live babies that were aborted.  Pathetic pieces o' chit that they all are.

He's little. He's gonna have a very sore #$%$.

He'll be singing high soprano after Bubba gets through with him in his cell.

He needs to be shot in his head!!!! To give someone 3 life sentences is really dumb.. Stop wasting tax dollars to keep these criminals alive... Shoot them and move on...

My heart breaks for his family.  I can't begin to imagine what it would feel like to see your son acting this way.  They, along with the victim's familys, will never heal from this.From the TV, to Movies, to Video games, To Real Life Goverment. If we have a problem, Violence &amp; Death seem to be the universal Answer these Days. Look at what we see everywhere. I like the 2nd amendment, But I sure don't have an answer..We all learn from watching behaviors.

I hope his worthless life flashes by his eyes as his rectum is repeatedly pounded and he dies a slow and very painful death from internal bleeding as he cries out to no one listening. Have a nice day, Lane.

Umm, exactly why was he allowed to wear that shirt into court for his sentencing?? How sad and sickening!

Where are the gallows when you need them????

Shirt should have had arrows drawn up to mouth and on back drawn down to butt.

Adios M***er  F**ker.You will NOT be missed.

I hope he lives a long and unpleasant life

There must be an Island some where that we could send all the murders etc. and let them kill themselves off and that would save tax money and food for those that need it.

He should be executed, 9mm hollow point don't cost near as much as life for an 18 year old.  He will never be a viable person in society, so why waste the money.

A day in prison will wipe that twisted pathetic smile right off his face.He gets to meet Bubba!!!!!

why are all these people trying to get in prison today?

A bullet to the head is what that young man needs.

He should have had a 5-second arrest, hearing, trial, and sentencing.Now he continues to be a burden to the taxpayers of his state!

The man in background is thinking,"I would give that young man the whooping of his life, if I could!"

Too bad he was 17....he should be swinging....there is a special place in hell for him

Yes, he'll be the new catcher with many eager pitchers lining up to take their turn "at bat".There really is evil and there really are monsters. How humiliating for his family to have that POS in their gene pool. It's a shame he got life, vermin like that needs to be exterminated.

He'll make a great prison #$%$.

but true life is like a dream go back to the olden days

Now we get to support the little puke for many decades to come. I hope the inmates take of it for us, I think they can and will after they are done abusing him. He should be executed, too bad there was such a loop-hole for him to wiggle through.i do believe i could wipe the smile off his face in about 1 minute...

This is the reason we should have the death penalty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Well I guess that went well, let's see how the rest of his miserable life goes.

The goonies are going to have fun with this sweetheart.

Put this P.O.S. in the dirt.

lets see how much he laughs when they rape his #$%$ in prison and I hope it happens a lot.

A  little coward who had to get a gun to solve his problems, is now going to be someones female dog for the rest of his days .... Sorry waste of a human is right !

When you take the power of parenting away from the parents and give the power to the kids this is what happens we need to go back to good ole #$%$ whippins tear that #$%$ up and put some act right in these kids

Proof that the gene pool needs more chlorine.   Another prized Obama voter.

Have fun in prison because I can guarantee you will not be smirking, smiling or anything else of the sort for long!  Three life sentences is a long time to endure what you are in store for.Bring back public hangings. Let other monsters see what is waiting for them if they want to follow in this #$%$ footsteps.

anything to get out of ohio

where are all of the racists comments now lol...if he were black he would have been all kind on "N" words and monkeys...and it's Obama's fault.. blah blah blah.I know this is irrelevant....but it is just funny how race is never an issue when it's a white person that commits a crime..smh and don't get me wrong, I love everyone :)

Seems like he'd be a good bet for membership in the NRA.  They should start a Youth League, patterned on Hitler's Youth League (you know the one that Pope "Emeritus" Benedict XVI once belonged to), where they could get useful training to put to use hunting defenseless animals for "sport," along with mowing innocent people for similar sport.  Maybe I'll submit the suggestion to what's-his-name, the NRA president.  He may well like it!

The Gun Worshippers are always whining that they need their guns to protect themselves.  Are they that deathly afraid of the black guy on the bike, armed with Skittles and a hoodie?  That is their big fantasy, isn't it?  To get the next George Zimmerman Award.

he says he does not know why he did it? he was a victim of the DEVIL'S BREATH!

He's a little psychotic jew. This is exactly the type of behavior they all exhibit, especially when caught for their crimes. Everyone wonders why the world is falling apart, it's because nut case jew bankers, jew media, and jew infested governments are wrecking everything in site. One thing you'll never see is a jew judge give another jew a death sentence. Even if they have to convict, they're not going to get more than jail time from the jewdicial system. SubvertedNation/net

skin him alive, then tell him you're beating off to the memory of it.

Fry this little #$%$ or one 39c bullet to the head .Hes got rights, hes gonna be rehabilitated says the liberals. Lethal Injection.

He could have been Obama son!Why not render him into airport foam and give his life meaning?

Obviously a nut case. I'm not defending this guy and he certainly doesn't belong on the streets. But it seems a shame to give up on someone for something he did as a juvenile. We need to find ways to identify and help these people before they become problems. Surely the parents must have known for a long time that something was wrong with this young man. I hope the three innocent victims are resting in peace.

And they say hispanics are crazy and all this negative going towards hispanic culture being criminals and taking your tax money look at him thinking he is cool with killer written on his shirt seems to me like your "white" culture are a bunch of overspoiled brats that think there parents and society should be slaughtered because they didnt get the bmw they wanted.. look at last year all the shootings that happened which out of all those were hispanics or black??...thats why it brings a smile knowing that the white race is dying out....look at the republican party nothing but racist politicians and that  bohner acts worse then a kid in his or her terrible two's

He got 3 life sentences but I doubt he will last a year.

Bye bye, Birdie!   At 18, think of the BUTTLOAD of new friends he's going to meet - and all the play time they're going to have together.  He'll get an "attitude adjustment" right away - and will walk bow-legged to the chow line for a good long time.

I say lets just send him to a 3rd world prison to serve his time.

when,you people,will learn,that horses,dogs and kids,have to be punished by their parents,the kids,and stop the stupidity,of given the children,space,money and constitutional rights,we,in this country have the large juv.gans population,dady uses your belt,like they do in Latin America ,the belt is the greates psichiatry ever invented

good luck, you little POS. one can only hope you're gone in less than a year for us tax paying citizens.

He won't have that smirk on his face when Bubba is stretching his nether region! I hear they bust out their teeth so they can't bite when giving that "Special Service" to their new daddy as well. He is in for a LOT of fun!

A great way to teach this #$%$ a lesson. Lime juice, sulfuric acid, and hydrochloric acid in a 30cc syringe. An old russian trick to get them to talk. Well the outcome is they would tell whoever they had an antidote all it was water. Took 2weeks for them to die a slow very painful death. A buddy of mine years ago showed me the tricks of the kgb in a book he was reading as part of his work in college to get credit.Hope he dies soon!!!

Yeah... we need more guns... you republicans disgust me!

why did we let the liberals lead us to the place where this guy controls the show?  He is convicted, but not cowed, subdued or even controlled.  What kind of worthless, gutless society puts up with this kid of show?

I hope he gets raped in prison so many times

I bet most of the people here wishing him death and torture are christians.

That smerk will get him alot of boyfriends soon!! May he never be helped by the co's and may the biggest baddest inmate take a fancy to him.

If you think evil doesn't exist, just look at this POS. If I was that devil's father, I would kill him myself.

He'll be protected by the whites/Asians in prison or he'll be in solitary forever. Bubba will not be raping this person. If anyone rapes him, it will be his white friends. Prison life isn't always like what is portrayed on TV.

Thats how I would go out if I killed people. No point in killing people then acting sorry.  If your a bad person stick to your guns.

grab my pocket little man....Mental illness is the problem with all these shooters, the question is what is commom denomanator? Is it the meds,insecurity,hormones, tv,video games,genetics...

I am pretty sure that when this #$%$ gets to prison, with that skinny little butt, Bubba is gonna be waiting to bend him over the edge of his bunk and turn him into the little #$%$ he is.  And when Bubba finds out he shot kids and attacked a school, Bubba will pass him around like a basketball and he will end up like Jeffery Dahmer. Bubba will bang that smirk off his pretty baby face. Get 'im, Bubba!

I'm so tired of the same drivel about "the taxpayers money being wasted" on these pukes. That's one of the best uses for my taxes; to lock pukes like this up forever in a box and forget them. They suffer, alone, the "glory" of their moment soon forgotten. The only people who think prison is a cake walk are the ghetto #$%$ who haven't gone there yet. They all learn the same lesson in the end but are too stupid rhyming about the perceived "glories" to think it through for themselves. In Oregon, there's a guy on death row begging to be put to death, to end the day in day out boredom and powerlessness of prison "life."I wish, like everyone else with sense, that "privileges" were more restricted, the food less palpable, and the days for these sorry losers just a little bit longer. He's a worm, a spineless, useless, good for nothing worm. And he knows it.If people want to whine about their taxes being wasted yell at congress and government employees for the pensions you fund, the health care you provide, and the inflated wages they receive for performing work no more skilled than the average American.I'm in full support of the death penalty, but also in a system more concerned with the execution of justice than pleasing the mob.He was under 18 when he committed the crimes. Maybe, once we're sold out completely to the Chinese there will be summary executions behind the courthouse like so many good Americans seem to be hoping for.

Cut that hand off and make him beat off with Tyrone's giant monkey hands.

"I would like to sqeeze his pencil F***cking neck until his eyes pop out"!! If this little B***h was to as much as touch a hair of one of my childrens head, I promise you he would never make it to trial. I am  way beyond tired of this type of person on this Planet!!!!

straight to the point~ bring him to texas, we will put him to death and make him wear the shirt that says  KILLER! !

He has got to be one of the most evil people I have ever read about and why in the hell did they allow that sicko to wear that t-shirt to court. If I had been in that court when he said what he did, I probably would be in jail myself for trying to get at him.

Murder is wrong.   Whether you are a crazy mad guy or the state/federal government.   lock him up.

It's always the white kids who do #$%$ like this.

He wasn't eligible for the death penalty, but I think in this case an exception needs to be made.  The guy clearly doesn't care.  Why pay to keep him alive?  Do the world a favor and put him down.There's a special place in hell for punks like him

He killed without mercy and without any reason. He is going to languish in prison. What a waste!

They'll smack that grin right off his face in prison .

what a sick young man. And there's still so many like him out there....

Putting kids like this in "alternative schools for kids that don't do well in traditional settings"  is a politically correct way to these kids are incorrigible, defiant, belligerent #$%$.

Prison bed, 90k a year, bullet 99 cents

He sure has a pretty mouth......

WOW! is this yahoo? Where are all the skinheads today talking about race? Oh yeah! This is another white guy. Race is not an issue when the person is white. No thug labels. No derogatory slurs about all of his people. No race jokes. No raciall stats.WOW! Who would have thought?

Well, he can continue to spank the monkey for the rest of his life, and for his cell and section mates as well.  He looks like he'll be the community beotch for the boys.Despicable excuse for a human being.

Rot in prison or in hell which ever comes first.i think a lot of blame has to be the films and video games we watch and play they show far too much violence, its not right

Another Crazy White Guy omg how many more will we have ??? Columbine, the Wisconsin Shiek shooter, the Colorado Movie Theater killer, the Sandy Hook elementary killer. omg

He is evidently mentally ill, and has "hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies". This is disturbing all the way around. I don't think jail is the best place for him, but he needs to be kept far away from society.

May you rot in hell because when you go to big boy prison you'll wish that you were in hell. Shame on you for disrespecting the victims families and the justice system for your really deserve the death penalty.

I can see this child is clearly under possesion of something other than this world. Satan is running rampent accross this country. I wonder why.

What the he11 is going on with suburban white kids? I think the white community needs their own Bill Cosby to address this epidemic issue.

Wayne LaPierre wants all insane psychos to be armed and dangerous, while in the meantime right wing douchebags at Fox News want them all to be sufficiently motivated to commit mass murder without remorse. This guy is the poster child for the NRA and GOP neocon D Bags.

Your right John, I hope Bobo says hi, your going to die!

death is too good for this montser, I hope he faces a long life of daily gang rapes and beatings from his fellow colleagues...

This is a case where some of the more decent guys in prison will give him the sentence he deserves in the first few weeks he is there. They did it to Jeffery Dalmer and this piece of white trash deserves it also.There is a kid in our town that reminds me of this one. Mental illness and violence ..never a happy outcome.

If I was the judge I would have put a muzzle on him

In other countries, you won't see the sun light anymore, punk!

he's gone and forgotten. thats his worst fear to be forgotten

Some one is about to get a butt plumbing in prison.

Waste him! Save everybody's money.

It's sad to read a story like this. I think we all feel some degree of vindication that he has been sentenced--and many people will feel like the sentence isn't good enough for him... but this is a short life we lead in God's plan. Pray for this boy that he'll repent and come to know Christ, the Savior. Sometime soon, he will have to face God himself. And I don't wish the wrath of God upon ANYONE.

...tragic, tragic, tragic.  It is no wonder to me; we have removed the moral compass from the schools; we treat the children as adults; Who really is at fault here??? Do not babies learn from those around them?;  Maybe, just maybe, restore the moral compass, getting rid of affiliation of any one religious group, but restoring one to a sense of the Highest that one can attain to (underlining to) &amp; just maybe, our children will help restore this land to Greatness.  Why the Fudge not?  They do it in the middle east, skewing one to only one point of view, and look what is happening to that land.

The GOP must be very proud parents having been the creation of this society but its closing time now

The Gun Worshippers keep crying that their guns keep them safe.  How else could they possibly protect and defend themselves against the "ever-present threat?"  Guns in the home make everyone there less safe, but try telling that to the closed-minded gun nuts.Shouls have been tried as a juvenile. He was only 16.

How is this possible just because hes 17 he gets life. He freaking MURDERED people and laughs about it. Hes old enough to kill and laugh about it but not old enough for the d penalty. What a joke. I have never understood this and I never will. When you are this guilty you should get the d penalty. I cant imagine how the families of the victims feel...

It's sad that there are people like that in this world.

Anybody out there want to tell us the this is the gun's fault and not the fault of the sicko who pulled the trigger?

Hopefully, he gets slowly tortured in prison...it is what her deserves and more!

this #$%$ should be executed.  Why should we pay $50K per year to keep him alive?

It's too bad that it went this far before he gets the psychological help that he obviously needs. Thank a "compassionate conservative" for these horrific murders.

I hope he reads these comments...............cause he is in LaLa land somewhere...........

He desrves nothing less than death, all you fools out there, we need to send messages to others this will not be tolerated. So now you the people of this state of Ohio  can pay for room an board till he's 80. He gets off far better then the dead. Wake up America!!

This one has to make opponents to the death penalty blink.When you look at that picture of him grinning, just remember that in a couple of days he will be forced to give another man oral sex.  Ha ha ha!  The rest of your short life will be filled with butt sex and death.

For many years, the American Academy of Pediatrics has strongly urged parents not to have a gun in the house.  Those doctors have seen the disastrous results of doing that and, unlike the Gun Worshippers, they deal with the reality of gun violence.

How utterly sad that this young life will go to waste. I pray for his family and for him to have a change of heart so that somehow he might, in the future, be a blessing to some young person who might be facing the same end. God is always trying to reach His people. We just won't listen. Let's hope he can someday.

protection from cruel and unusual punishment should not apply to this little #$%$.

The Gun Worshippers twist themselves into pretzels making excuses for the mass killings.  "It's everybody else's fault, certainly not the NRA Lie Machine.  Why would anyone think that?  Easy access to guns?  How could that be a problem if the NRA says it isn't?  They know more than God!"

Lets see him smile when he meets his new roommate, big Bubba

His parents should be proud of the way he was brought up. They belong in the cell next to him.

It’s called the death penalty – let’s see if it still works -... I’m tired of paying for these useless festering maggots posing as humans to continue to draw breath with life sentences. I’d prefer my money go toward those in society who have paid their dues towards making this world a better place, or those in need such as the disabled, or handicap, Mr. Lane I pray for the day we put people in office who have the guts to bring about changes in the system so the day in which the day after you make your big court debut they are taking your vital organs for those who deserve life …. P.S. Until then have fun in the shower in the big house kind of  got a feeling your going be a little too busy for that masturbation thing you’re so fond of !!!

Americans claim to be good Christians but read the vengeful comments under this Yahoo! story and it's evident they don't practice what they preach. Judge not lest ye be judged, turn the other cheek, let he who hath not sinned cast the first stone--all of these remarks their supposed Christian savior said. But do they listen to him? No. It is evident this kid--and that's what he is a child--is mentally deranged and needs to be in an insane asylum and under psychiatric care--not tortured, raped or put to death as you Yahoo! posters want. I'm ready for my thumbs down, haters.

I hope he lives in a state where the unions don't prevent him from working. He can never repay for the lives that he's taken but he can be productive and offset the cost of his room and board with his work.this is why the death penalty should apply despite a persons age.. he'll die in prison probably from aides after he is axx raped repeatedly

Why didn't the judge throw his dumb #$%$ out of court and sentence him in while he sat in his cell?

I want to know what type of judge allows that behavior in his court room? He should be ashamed and dismissed from his duties. I've seen them remove people for alot less than that! Shameful!!!

When Lane does die, may he burn in hell for all eternity.

He is going to have a real fun time in the big house as some ones pet.good bye and good riddance!

You see why we can't let whites have guns?

More guns is the answer. Obviously.

The kid is 18. Say what you will , this is happening far too frequently. Perhaps America should begin treating mental illness as exactly what it is : an illness. The fact were able to turn out personalities of this type says much to our failings as a society.

I'm sure when he gets locked up he'll have to fight to survive every day he won't be smiling then

Evil that exists in this world only confirms to me that there is a God.In some cases there is a justification for capital punishment.

The democrats and their liberal voting bloc are champions for the criminal and the law breakers.

T.J. Lane will not be smiling for long.  Once he is bent over for 5 days, he will loose the smurk and just look sad.   Ouch!

it's too bad we don't get to watch this little pos get what is comming to him. i wanna see his face cringe as bubba gives him his first "dose". if he ever said that to MY family, he wouldn't have made it to prison.

John just kill your self by ur self you p.o.s.your gf. Loved my f - u -with her

If he was black there would be nothing but racist comments on this board. How come no one has a racist white comment to make?

If this person is old enough to kill why isnt he old enough to be executed? Why do the families of those murdered have to make sure he is fed, clothed and kept dry for the rest of his life.If everyone is absolutely, withourt a doubt he is guilty of these murders, why not kill him NOW.We are just to easy on killers in this country.

someone is going to break one off up in him!!!! and that still wont be good enough!!!!

Looks to me like he is still in shock. Testosterone rage.

Its too bad they are not able to televise his rapings in prison.Electric chair or legal injection  would of been alright with him poor child, just pray for him.

Can they get Preparation H in the clink? That POS is gonna seriously need some.

let him live and suffer his own evil , put him in a dark cell 4x4 , live in his own hell, his darkness will be his death .

Hey Yahoo....stop posting pictures of this "thing". I am sure "it" is getting a kick out of knowing its picture is all over the online community. I think the article states it did this for attention. And why didn't the court REMOVE THE SHIRT? If it wants to be an #$%$, that doesn't mean the courts have to allow it, especially in front of the victims' families. My condolences to the families of the victims

Wow to young for the death penalty. What about the kids he killed?? I would be a contract killer to be paid upon completion after executing these types of individuals. The govt can pay me 1000 per head

It's all too sad.

old smokey would have been a good solution.  Thats right  the death penalty is so inhuman......hope i didn't offend any of you bleeding heart liberals.

I certainly hope this "killer" likes being butt raped, cause that's what's in his future.

I have a question. When the other inmates are enjoying recreation time with him amd he screams out do you think anyone will hear it? Guards or inmates? Doubt it!

give the punk one bullet and send him to iraq bare foot f----ken punkThis is why you have the death penalty !!!!

This dude think he is a lone ranger when he do shooting, but in jail i guarantee he is not alone in his cell, he used gun from the outside, he will be gunned from the inside...

put a bullet in him and let the trash rot.... that is how america should expell #$%$ like him. maybe one day government will wake up and end #$%$ers like this so the rest of civilization can enjoy life without worrying about senseless behavior. oh wait that would mean they would actually have to know what the #$%$ their doing themselves. humans right my #$%$. three life sentences for a piece of #$%$ that wont make it a day and money out of our pockets...got another one right there justice system, thanks for another #$%$ up! :) #$%$holes

Why lock this sicko up and waste tax money on him. He even admitted to doing it and is obviously proud of it so he should be given the death penalty immediately.

just kill this #$%$ utterly amazing this #$%$ sits there smiling because nobody has ever physically hurt enough to not smile at what he did. #$%$ this countries legal system. now some privately owned prison can collect mega amoutns of money for this top draft pick con.

I agree that this piece of wasted human being deserves the worst possible execution imaginable,,,but as a child,,I pity him. Someone failed him miserably. I did not read anything about how his 'good parents' claimed he was either a 'good boy' or a 'troubled child'. It amazes me, after 62 years of life, that what is done to a child, can affect them all of their lives. Some of us survive it while others are executed or spend miserable lives in prison and wonder how differant their lives might have been if only,,,,not knowing and not having any comprehension of what a normal life might be like to enjoy. My condolences, thoughts and prayers are with and for the victims and their families. It is not my job to forgive,,may God have mercy on the soul of this sick duck.   LIFE IS HARD. IT IS EVEN HARDER WHEN YOU ARE STUPID/ JOHN WAYNE. It would be interesting if the news media would research and print, factually accurate information about the history of these killers so that blame can be assesed against something other than a gun.

What's round on both ends and HI in the middle?

We'll see what he thinks about masturbating to his crimes 40 years from now with masturbation being the only thing he will be accomplishing in life.

Where did he get a gun?  From his parents?  They should be locked up too.  If my kids were that screwed up I wouldn't own a gun.

Jerry Sandusky's new cellmate???Just put him out of our misery, I suggest a hammer and work from the ground up.

lets see if he laughs after being casrtated and shot

a slow death by "stoning", that would be the perfect way...

Just heard he's going to appeal but they he'll have a court-appointed lawyer,  Ha!  I guess his current lawyers have had enough.

This one is sure as hell gonna wind up in General Population with Junk in his Trunk.

And we will now call him B.O.B. Behind Over Baby!

Yay, now instead of exterminating the POS we all get to use our tax dollars to feed, cloth and pay for all his medical expenses for the rest of his life...and we wonder why this country is in debt. *sighs

" Get up on da edge of da sink T.J. and let's play 'Wash da Duck' "

I bet the NRA is so proud of TJ, good for you TJ, you make us so proud!

There is something seriously wrong with that A#$H(*&amp;# someone going to do him in jailWhat a waste of space and oxygen

He sure as hell aint going to be smiling when he gets owned.

Well i hope he gets it in the END when he gets to prison!!!! Hope a big guy name OTIS makes him his #ITCH!!!!! Betcha the little coward will be screaming for years!!!!!

It would have been merciful if the Supreme Court upheld the execution of murderers under 18 years of age.  Where this kid is going, there will be no mercy.

Great now we get to pay to warehouse this loser for 60 years, he should be dead already, should have been executed the day after the shooting

Why must the American people feed this piece of trash for 75 years....If your going to do these horrendous acts then you should be put down and buried in some anonymous field somewhere......End of story

FIRST....I would like to have this miserable vial punk strapped to a chair and have his balls slowly cut off and put in his ***hole, then shoved in his mouth.  After a solid "year" of violet horrible torture that would make a billy goat puke, I would keep him alive just enough to withstand pain and violent rape!  THEN, take all of his family members and shoot them in front of him.  THEN, another 4 years of torture that includes removing his skin very slowly, still raping as the skin is being pulled off, while small insects are placed in the muscle tissue to start the egg laying process.  THEN, more raping and dismembering starts!  As each item of his body is removed by year 4, we now HEAL him with only the ability to see and hear.  Just a stump with a ****ing head!!  Place him in a cell with captured images of his 4 year long torture all around his cell for him to see.  He then rots in a stinking, body part ridden cell for as long as he can hold on.  I WILL pray everyday to Satan that this happens to this miserable, cowardly, non-human, vial and ****ed up piece of trash!!!!

The little brat will be lucky if he survives a year in general population.  Shooting at an unarmed person is one thing, but when someone sticks a shiv in your back and no one sees a thing, that's a totally different ballgame.  He'll be wetting his pants and crying for his mommy by the end of the first day.  Trouble with people like this kid is they are too stupid to realize an act like this has permanent effects.  They may think it is a video game or a quick solution to a temporary problem, but soon realize there's no going back, no oops I'm sorry, and no restart to the game.

Bye Bye MFer ... He will die and it will be painful .. Tiny will make sure of it.

He would be a killer in prison.  He will be a victim.  No guns to be a badass.....my best friends daughter was murdered by her boyfriend? When we went to court for his bail to be lowered, ha, he did about the same thing, gave us all dirty looks when he left the courtroom, not free on bail but in shackles, it took all I could from giving him the finger but I didnt', anyway instead of a bullet I like the fact that everyday he has to wake up to the drama and torture he is sure to face. Most prisioners don't like wife beaters and I'm sure he will make some inmate a very happy dude, like a young virgin he is ripe for the pickens. Then show us the look on his ugly face

The common phrase on everyones mind already in prison is "fresh meat".

This killer is absolutely sick---truly, mentally ill---and about as vile and contemptible a human being as any who've ever lived. I can only imagine the horrific grief of the families of the boys he killed. And his complete lack of remorse and despicable, smirky attitude only inflicts greater pain and suffering on his family members.I feel the same sorrow and rage that everyone else feels when reading about this. But, I'd rather not jump into the pit of hell with this disgusting sick miscreant. I'm better than that. All of us are better than this person.I wouldn't want to torture him, or sexually assault him. That, unfortunately, wouldn't bring back his victims. And it wouldn't make me feel better to commit those types of crimes against any human being, no matter what he did. (I'd be less than human if I weren't haunted by my own crimes, long after the time had passed.)So, I fully understand where some of these "revenge" comments are coming from. I hope they're just fantasies and expressions of anger. But I don't think we should be "joking" about prison rape as if it's some game, or something we should just assume (or hope?) will always exist in that setting. Rape is a horrific crime, no matter who the perpetrator or the victim. And when we "joke" about it, or imply that certain people are "deserving" of it, we have to wonder if we're just making violence more prevalent and "justified".

SEE IF HES LAUGHING when they bend him over in prison !!!!

The word on his T-shirt spelled backwards is what bubba is gonna say to this pencil neck geek!

I hope he enjoys the rear entry that his sorry #$%$ has just taken.

He committed a mans crime he should be worm food not eating tax dollars.

There is just too much of this...there has to be some cause and reason why so many..not just a couple, are doing these horrific crimes...what?? So horribly sad

Maybe some laureat lib tard will explain to the rest of us why a teenager gets a license to kill with out due process (execution) to himself.

that won't be written on his shirt in prison - it will be carved into his back!!Extremely immature attitude and mindset.  He will soon find out that he's not that big and bad in prison.  I agree with Nate Mueller that he is just "a scared little boy', lacking much common sense I might add.

What, now we have to support this slime; treat him like his victims. An eye for and eye etc.

they were right, what a waste of skin!

He will be protected in prison.

The question is; Why are we creating so many of these? More laws don't work, it's deeper. I'm very sorry for all the victims effected by this madness.

have fun watching your rectum become Bubba's new toy

He will get plenty of lovin and attention where hes going....

This young man don't have any respect for others or himself. What a wake up call he is going to receive in prison, sadly to see a person giving no value to his life like that.

Another fledgling Manson.

He ust be possessed by the devil!!!THIS KID SIMPLY PUT DESERVES TO DIE !

I say we do medical testing on him. Lets give his young body prostate cancer and then lets try to heal him! get that Aurora Colorado #$%$ too.

I don't want to argue whether or not a some insane should go to trial. Or used as an excuse to escape punishment. What I don't understand is how someone that "suffers from hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies" is not insane?

boy  that guard sure looks like he wants to give him a good ole  *** kicking

If the authorities would provide the public with the details of his future experiences in prison, it should prevent others in the future from having the same sick,violent, tendencies.

blue state

I agree with everything you guys are sayin i just think that since he wants to play hard ball the prison judge plays hard ball back. If he thinks it it funny that he killed these kids then i think the judge shoud be able to order him to be hung by his nuts in the middle of the town and let him slowly die. then we can say he went through the same pain those kids and their families did. that is my opinon. Tabitha Ohler of Middleport Ohio

Why give a person who is 17 years old (old enough to know right &amp; wrong) 3 life sentences for Murder when Lethal Injection is redily available? He is smug, unfeeling, arrogant, prideful and evil. He deserves execution, not coddling. The Apostle Paul spoke of this kind of person in the last days. &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;2Ti 3:1  This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.2Ti 3:2  For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,2Ti 3:3  Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,2Ti 3:4  Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God.

It's good to know he will be beaten and raped every day of the remainder of his life

Bubba's going to get him.Thats the same smirk hes going to see when they finish him in prison TIGHTEN UP BOY!!!

Well, that sure was a switch from his previous court appearances where he seemed emotionless, and sometimes maybe even a little sad or out of it.  But today he did a 180!  I don't know how people who commit crimes and are caught dead to rights think they have any room for being angry at everybody else.  And to tell the families to #$%$ off?  Sick....

You know, of all the things we complain about China doing wrong, they sure know what to do with their criminals far better then we do, cheaper, efficient, and they get the point across when they put it on the TV.

Little smartass should get 60 days in the hole for disrespecting the families of his victims. Then he should get tossed in with Bubba for a life altering experience! Hope he likes having a butt hole like a coffee can!!!

He won't be smirking when he gets butt-slammed by Bubba, and he's washing underwear and sucking radiator hoses just to keep them from taking his trays at mealtime.

To Jim- A life sentence doesn't necessarily mean the same as a life without possibility of release. Some states give people a life sentence but it can be as short as 15 years. It looks good to the public, but it doesn't really mean anything. I'm not sure about Ohio's life sentence structure, but there are always chances for appeals. Three life sentences is a good way of making sure one appeal that goes through still keeps him in prison because he still has to battle the other two. Also, the murders are treated as individual murders, therefore giving individual sentences for murder which, again, has their own appeal process. The fact that he was defiant and flippant in court is basically sealing the coffin shut, so to speak, because the entire appeals process will bring that up if he decides to appeal. Having worked in prison for over fifteen years now, I have seen some pretty unusual court procedings when people appealed, including several cases that went from death sentences get commuted to life without possibility of release or parole and even having a structured sentence with a release date. Our courts are failing miserably when it comes to true justice. Part of that is the fact that prisons are overpopulated in every state but budgets stop the construction and staffing of new prisons, and poor practices when it comes to rehabilitation and accoutability run rampant in our system. To tell you the truth, it's a money game, just like everyone else. You might even call it a Dog-and-Pony show. DOC is quick to pat themselves on the back when something good happens but also just as quick to point the finger when it comes to their shortcomings. Welcome to the new world. In my opinion, it needs a really big enema. To the families of the victims, I'm truly sorry for your loss and you have my thoughts and condolences. Time will heal some but not all. Please stay strong and talk amongst your families but take some alone time to reflect on the good memories of your children. It's just as important as anything.

Bye Bye stupid,

A judge actually let him remove his shirt and wear that t-shirt in court....pathetic judge should have had him removed from the courtroom and tossed into solitary!!!

not a .45 bullet, a 50 caliber machine gun will do the works, nothing will be left on the ground where he standing, it's going to be all over the places, they will pick-up his guts in hell

Hope someone "takes care" of this pathetic person in prisonThis guy is nothing more than a life force gone bad and I for one do not see why we should have to house and feed him the rest of his useless life...he made his bed now and we should let him sleep in it....as long as it's six feet under....

Why waste the tax payers money to keep his #$%$ in prison?! Kill his stupid #$%$

Where were his parents for 17 years?

Hang this moron and save the tax dollars.

I fear for this boys rear........

Writers here are asking, 'Why'. And the answers eems to be that there is no parenting, and that is the cause of this type of thing. No, it is not JUST lack of parenting. It's 0) Drugs, drugs, drugs... and the anti humane attitudes that go along with drugs, 1) Television violence, 2) Violent video games, 3) Television teaching lack of respect for the law, 4) No religioun being taught, 5) Lack of clear cut right and wrong, 6) The ACLU, 7) Television again...sex and violence, and crime are all glorified on TV, 8) The movies, DVDs 9) Parents and teachers who themselves are pot heads. 10) Athiestic views of society. 11) General lack of respect in our culture, 12) Rampant pornography is acceptable. 13) ...etc

kill him   no prison time

Why bother wasting tens of thousands of dollars on locking this monster up?  Just give him the shot and be done with it.

I just read his registry for the clink he will be housed in. He's asking for lots of lube.

Half of these kids are on medication, and the other half that are not need to be! This is a society where they feel that every kid should be doped up, and when they come off of these Psychotropic drugs they act very irrational and don't realize what they are doing. This is sad, our gov't needs to stop poisionig these kids, not all need drugs some just need therapy. This is a sad but true fact! He will learn what life is when he gets to prison, it will be a big wake up call for him. If he makes it in prison, he will either just survive or become even worse. There is no rehabilitation in prison, just creates bigger and better criminals with nothing to lose! I feel for those families that lost loved ones, you are in my, and families prayers.Arrogant little prick!!!

one thing you can say about amerika is we know what to do with our mentally ill.

The Rotten Seed

So how's that mainstreaming of the mentally ill students working out for you, Ohio?

They didn't report it, but the judge also signed a name change petition for him. From now on he'll be known as Ben Dover.

Mental problems are rapid among our children, we need to find the problem and fix it. Something is wrong with our children if they keep doing the same thing, knowing they are going to jail. I pray for peace for the family. Terrible saddness, for them and his lost soul.

TALK CHiiiiT !!!!! GET SHOT !!!! UNDERSTAND KIDS !!!!

they shouldnt of allowed him to take off his shirt.he should have been brought out like hannibal the cannibal

He seems to be psychotic--or else, possessed. I'd like someone to do an investigation and find out whether he was always this way or if something happened that made him the way he is.

He wants it hard in the #$%$--and will get what he deserves. I predict he will never finish out the court's sentence because the cons will modify it to death by shank after he's all used up. And in his final weeks he'll need to wear diapers since there'll be nothing left to hold it in.Strange.. a lot going on in Colorado towns &amp; Ohio towns and students ...demographically seems kinda...strange. It's either shooting or raping...what's next?

Fresh meat to the inmates, he will get what is coming to him. Do not worry...

Obviously...from what the article said about his behavior...its NOT NORMAL!! Something is terribly WRONG with him!! Obviously, no remorse..no conscience...possibly possessed by demons!

he should be put with some killers and see how he fares in that society. no special treatment.

He's smiling now, he will be crying blood when he goes to Jail

A little twirp like him is in for a big surprise when he is released to the general population in prison his shirt will say #$%$. instead of killer.

Was  there not a judge in the court room ? I am surprised he did not get in trouble for saying all that crude stuff in the court room.

Why don't we put a bullet through his head and end it. We the taxpayers will be paying for this #$%$ life.  I hope he doesn't live in prison long.  And his lawyers should be fined for letting him wear that t shirt into the courtroom.

To Shella.  When you look upon this man and I say man as anyone old enough to kill is no longer a child.   Take a good look at him and those who killed in Newtown, Arizona and other places and you will see- Demon Possession, the younger people today living the the drug culture and playing with so called Black Magic and God knows what else setting themselves up for Demon Possession and if you look at these individuals you can see the Possession in their bearing and eyes.    Folks, God is very real and so is satan and satans doctrine is to convince you he is not real that he can destroy you, he does not care about you or I he is on a bring to destroy as many as he can as revenge against God who has judged him and condemned him and is agenda is like this person retaliation against his and our maker. The Lord is using satan as a whipping boy to sift our those who will not come to the Lord!!!

well the kids these days parents  cant knock them on there #$%$  or  punish them   i guess take a time out   or take his cell phone away for a day   doesnt do much good if the first time  he mouthed off to his dad or mon  would of got knocked on his butt   i bet  his attitude would of been a whole lot better   parents  make punks like theseDrawn and quartered.... really, really slow....

the phrase "crazier than a $hithouse rat" comes to mind...

He gonna get it hard in jail..

Too bad he could've have an 'accident' while trying to escape.

Now he will just be another parasite that taxpayers will be paying for. What a waste. I pray for the families of the victims that they find solace and block this waste from their minds.

OR possibly a shirt that says PIFFL  =  Prisoner is _ _ _ _ for Life

If any human being deserved the death penalty this is one of them! I don't care what his age is! We should execute this POS using "old sparky" and let the families of the victims watch us remove that smirky little grin off his face! I'd pay for the electricity! And when we get done with him put that red headed POS that killed all those victims in the theater in the chair next and blow his eye balls out with some good old voltage too! Jail is to good for people like these!

#$%$  i would of ripped that shirt off his back not allowed in court un acceptable

They will nickname this punk, 'ATM'.

He is one sick puppy!He should be on the chain gang in the Arizona desert braking rock with a sledge hammer.  He is a punk and coward and nothing else.  Three life sentences is not enough he should be punished so he never forgets what he did.  On a CHAIN GANG!

Tough guy in court... Wait till he checks into his "room for life", probably won't be giggling like a school girl.

What a waste of life

Maybe someone in prison will do us a favor and take his life...that will save the taxpayers' dollars that will be spent on this worthless piece of garbage...his life isn't worth a penny.

The judge needs to be removed from the bench immediately.

A prison within your mind is the worst place to be locked in.

The time has come to act proactively towards these antisocial, violent teenagers. I have been a teacher for over 20 years and have taught many troubled kids. Most of them are good kids with #$%$ home lives that with the proper intervention can go on to be productive adults. In the last few years however I have seen an increase in really dangerous and scary kids. Their head is full of bad wiring, their moral compass is hopelessly out of whack and the really scary thing is they display no empathy for anyone!  The schools and the justice system do not have anything in place to deal with these psychopathic kids.

The death penalty wouldn't do any good here. He needs to suffer a bit in prison before he ends up either committing suicide or getting offed by another inmate. With his attitude, it will surely be the way it goes. After he is turned into somebody's girlfriend for a bit and gets the snot beat out of him, he will most likely kill himself. Hopefully sooner than later.

Why would he be allowed to wear that t-shirt into the courtroom in the first place?  That is like a slap in the face to the families of the victims and should have never been permitted!!!  What an ugly person he is inside and out.

I think the whole thing is messed up and this dudes mind But I still feel he should be hung No mercy Just the end of a rope around a tree limb and be done with it God have mercy for his family It wasnt their fault.the courts should allow the fathers of the victims 20 minutes in a locked room with this #$%$ bag. then they should be allowed 20 minutes in a locked room with the judge that sat there and let this #$%$ bag wear that shirt and act like he did to the victims parents. Which one is the biggest #$%$ bag!!!!

It's about time, giving real sentences to teens, who do stupid, #$%$-in-nine, killings, may he roit in prison..

I can't help but wonder WHY the alternative students would get on a bus at the traditional high school if they don't do well in "traditional settings"? Obviously they don't mix well with other kids why would you put the groups anywhere near each other???

He pleaded last month.  This was sentencing.  Why wasn't he cuffed and in leg chains .. and gagged ?

Wait until he meets his celly, jelly or syrup?

He'll make a pretty bride in prison.

He killed 3 people, but JUST BECAUSE he was 17 at the time he doesnt get the death penalty. The law is messed up, the people who made the laws are messed up and the people who uphold the law is messed up. Fu^k the law says me. The people he killed were 16, 16, and 17 but they got killed but this guy doesnt get the death penalty because he was 17 at the time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #$%$ poor laws!!!!!!!!

Can't wait to hear "give me your fruit cocktail from Bubba later this week". This kid should be the prison tramp.

I think I will go to the beach tomorrow.     ;-)

Its a pity that tax payers money will go towards keeping this worthless piece of #$%$ alive for the rest of his " soon to be somebody's #$%$" lifeI don't think he understands the nature of prison. He won't last a week....

in this case with these outbursts the judge should have ordered the bailiff to shoot him between the eyes.

cut his #$%$ off and let every prisoner #$%$ him in the #$%$.  I bet he will be crying for mommy.

He wont last long in prison.  Put him in general population and let natural selection run its course.

Send him to P akistan to serve out his time - that'll fix his wiseAss attitude.

Looks like T-Bag (Prison Break) has a new slave. Grab on to that pocket as tight as you can T.J., and don't drop the soap.

please give him a couple more soap when taking a bath....

As he entered his cell,the old con said boy you wanna be the husband or the wife?.The youngster thinking better to give than receive said the husband.The old con said good get over here and suck your wifes _ick    :):)

17 and his life is over.  She's right, he is a pathetic excuse for a human being.  What a waste of a life.  I know that people say that your life is never wasted, but  his was.  And this punk kid is going to find out quickly that he's not as tough as he thinks he is.  I grew up in the 70s and 80s and I can say that we never had stuff like this happening at my school.  3 life sentences?  Why not just say that he's never going to see the light of day again.

While I understand their anger and despair, their responses are exactly what he was looking for... I'm not saying they should be kind to the murderer, but "holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other man to die."don't worry big bubba will protect you.

Now how about that old chair "SPARKEY" they used to use. Oh I know" that would be crule to that convicted killer. He has right to. F------ that.

What a waste. He is so disgusting I'm at a loss for a spiteful, derogatory enough comment to describe this POS. The only thing as bad as this #$%$, are the thumbs down on the comments about wanting to just waste this jerk.

This kid was born in an era where (physical) discipline of your OWN CHILD is considered wrong.  He probably bullied his parents - if they even cared!  What we have here, ladies and gentlemen, is a product of your government's doing....or lack thereof. And NO - this came waaaaaaaayyyy before Obama before you guys start blaming him. I dared my kids to go to the police for me disciplining them. DARED THEM !!!  Today, they're not killers and quite well-behaved

Cast him back into the fiery lakes of Mordor from whence he came.

He shouldn't even go to prison, it's a waste of taypayer money.  I don't want to sound like Hitler or anything, but people like this should be weeded out of society.  Put the little #$%$ down.

He won't be smiling when he meets his 6'5" cellmates!  Fresh meat for Bubba and a Skin Head! Enjoy him fellas!

I literally just got a headache from reading this. What a vile, reprehensible monster. I have no words adequate enough to describe it. Words tantamount to smearing him in feces and throwing him to an army of Orcs while Sauron violates him with a pineapple on a razor-sharp sword with Justin Bieber singing the battle hymn.

Someone just once in that court room should have said "Aww how precious." when he began acting up. He's gonna be so popular in prison.

hes gonna get passed around in prison like a joint at a greatful dead concert.Can't all the short sighted hate driven idiots on this board look at the bigger picture. You are part of the problem why this society is messed up.  Killing this young man or condemning him to a life time of torture will DO nothing for society.  It certainly won't stop the next guy, or the next guy or the next guy from going on a killing spree. Obviously this young man's mental state is in distraught, and it would be better to help and understand him.  That way, we can use that knowledge to help others like him before they go off the deep end. In a way, he is also a victim of something greater because no one is born a killer. 'An eye for an eye will leave everybody blind'.

18,and 3 lifes to go

He is not going to last a year in prison.

this kid has had some bad upbringing or has had bad influences with the crowd he ran with ....my opinion...he sure does not need to ever be in society again.   3 lives ...he want .

just shoot the dang thing!

Chop His hands off!!!!

This punk won't be smiling and acting like that in prison, they'll wipe that smurk off his face. He'll get exactly what he deserves, all the while crying for his parents, too little too late dirtbag!

He definitely has a reprobate mind. A mind that is not easly changed but incarceration will not change this mind. Only a willingness of following unconditional love can change this mind.Most reprobate minds do not want to follow God's type of love. That is why God has turned Him over to this reprobate mind, that His own Kind of evil will destroy him

So sad, what's wrong with these young men that they are not enjoying life at such a young age?  He's obviously insane, doesn't value his life or others and he should get the death penalty and be put out of his misery and any more that he can cause to society or be a further burden.

The devil is alive and well in this young man.I wonder how the 60 year old version of this thug will feel about his behavior now. Lucky for us he'll still be rotting in a jail cell, far away from anyone he can possibly harm again.

God, middle aged people have completely screwed up this generation with their utter lack of parenting.

yeah he can laugh,and smirk all he want's when big bubba get's a hold of him things will change fast. he's kinda cute!

why is the state of ohio wasting money on this clown?  take him out back and a 10 cent bullet will slove the problem

Is he Jewish or Christian?

I wonder if he will masturbate when he takes it in the rear?hahahahahahaha

perhaps the shrinks and neuroscientists might be able to learn something about a damaged brain.

Stuff like this in our modern society is not unexpected as we slip into an age of moral decline..I think we have to work harder to instill morals in the younger generation to prevent stuff like this from happening in the future.

Somebody kill this rectum #$%$. Save the taxpayers the 60-70 years of free food, room, library, computer, gym.

I really feel sorry that more lives are lost and wasted. The young man needed help long before the shooting. This is what happens when we loose it as a society. No parents, no jobs, no hope, criminals in office. crooks as Judges, and on and on...So many feel they have nothing and there is nothing worth while.  Obamas answer is to ban guns..I bet a trip to Disneyland and some 1 on 1 would have done more for him. Our answer is to lock them up but we are just locking our children in jails..Where is our hope Obama? In your pockets and 200 million dollar vacation on tax payers? All of you are going to be victims of Devil as the young man was. Jesus was not wrong and the Devil Rules over this world. We need a Protestant Reform and all you people need to find Jesus...Time to Repent and Time to clean the celler of ratz. There is but one King and his name is Jesus Christ..Maybe one of the guards is related to a victim and toss a gas bomb into his cell accidentally of course

The new gun control legislation will prevent anything like this from happening ever again. Right?

His parents did a hell of a job raising this kid. Wait til he gets to prison,he'll be someone's #$%$ the 1st day. Crazy that we have to feed and clothe him for the rest of his life.

protected

A life sentence is typically 30 years, of which 15 calendar years are actually served; therefore he is looking at 45 possible calendar years. At 17 years of age, he could possibly live long enough to serve all of his time and be set free.....

What you all don't realize he will go to prison a physic ward and will be prorected. He will be fed and taken care of. That's the prison sentence, just because someone goes to prison doesn't mean they will be raped. if he killed and didn't have no remorse the prison gaurds and inmates might feel threaten by his physic thinking.

Pretty soon his shirt will say "BUBBAS #$%$"!

It's just strange how a young person can get so angry like this

Suffering from fantasies? In that case,all children and youths suffer from fantasies in america thanks to your very free uncensored entertainment media,if people who suffer from fantesies are prone to kill,then this is just the very very begining,God Blessed america but since you have decieded to antagonise genuine christianity,you have all cursed yourselves,u have all cursed your country by removing God from the Picture

...and the jurors stood, opened their shirts that read 'Death Penalty!' But, this is the real world. Come to think of it, his real world is gonna be wishing for a death penalty, soon as he meets his cellmate(s).Hope he gets what he deserve

"This is the hand that will give many many hang-jobs in prison"

You throwaways enabled the murder of hundreds of thousands of innocent people in the Iraq war and are outraged by this??? thank GODDESS for hurricanes, tornadoes, and school shootings!

What!? A white boy committing murder(s)? C'mon you racists, let's hear all of the racially tinged comments that you normally reserve for people of color! #$%$ crackers!

that kid is the devil himself.  at least he didn't get away with the "mentallly insane" copout.

You people really should read the comments and then ask why our children are the way they are......Geeez wonder where they get it from.....all the positive role models we have here...How about you "civilized" types take a rest and keep in mind that 4 families lost a kid..not just the ones that died.Terrible what he did but he is a kid..someones kid...maybe it will be yours some day.You really don't know....Try being human beings for a while...

throw a dress on him &amp; ship him to India

Isnt this what marylin manson said would happen...give incidents like school shooting publicity and others will do it just for the attention...#$%$ is happening now -_-I feel for the victims especially their families and of course they should be remembered as innocent youths who had their lives ahead of them but i dont think that this should be publicized its their business it should be private

He needs some torture

he's about to become a walking toiletactually, dont think he'll live that long in the joint anyway, he's a smartass comment away from being introduced to mr. shankHa, little baby want to act like it does not bother him because it does LOL. They going to have fun with you in prison for the rest of your life :-) Little dork looking jerk. What did you expect? Have fun, See ya..oh wait I guess i won't see ya. Ha

Every day in prison this #$%$ exists, he should be kept in a straightjacket and be blindfolded. The only time he gets out of it is to eat and shower. Then we will see who is smirking. To me just sitting in a prison is not punishment enough for this sorry excuse for a human.

why cant we bring Sunday public excusions back??? id love to pull that hood down and erase this mistake !!!!!!!

A continuous sad commentary on the raising of children; teaching the foundation of the preciousness of life to children and LISTENING, NOTICING them and taking interest in their activities. Yes he has issues but where was his FAMILY?

YOUR ALL RIGHT... But saddly wrong. He'll get some of what ur all saying for sure. But in 5 yrs he'll be 23 and running a cell block. Unless he becomes someones bit%h and if he does that he was gay anyhow. My wife was shot and killed by a skinny little punk in 95. Now he runs ablock has for a while killed another man in prison and really Saddly has gotten more in there then he ever would of got out here as a man. 3 meals abed tv medical dental and that's his life. He is use to it he does not know any other way. He is basiclly for him just fine. It is us out here that think he is not. AND HE DOES NOT CARE ABOUT WHAT HE DID&gt;&gt; Only we do  That is why he and and others who get life should be put to death. That's my say

I watched the proceedings on youtube.  He was smirking through out the 'impact statements', he was called a monster and he smirking.

He's a b**ch,  I know he will get his in prison!! Don't bend over to pick up the soap...hahahaha

Freely admits it, pled guilty, shows no remorse, give the finger to grieving families and now get to spend life with 3 hots and a cot on my dime? I call B.S. the little b@stard needs to be publicly executed.

Their going to have fun with this little moron when he gets to big boy prison.

I guess that's the only word he can spell!  He's about to become somebody's B*&amp;^*, now.  Serves him right.  What a horrible CHILD!This is one of God's children. Look deeply to see what's inside.

I'm pretty sure those guns were bought legally.

Smile now "Killer" the smiling end's when you get in the joint. Your toast , Prisoner's are not only animals they are brother's,Uncle's and Father's . You will be doing "Hard" time soon tough guy

Fresh Meat for big bubba...

like a BOSS

This don't just happen for shuts and giggles something inflicked on that young mans pour soul..AND THIS IS HOW THIS NEW ERRA OF BULLYS AND IGNERENTCE PAY FOR THERE INSLENCE!

he will be everyone's #$%$ ,.. tell he kills himself..

My butt hurts just thinking about his future....OUCH!!!

This loser should be put in with the roughest characters in the prison system. That will be his wake up call.

Soo..3 life sentences means he will be eligible for parole in 5 or so years according to our mucked up justice system?You little fungus.  C'mere and pull that BS.  You'll be forgotten in five minutes you puke.

Three life sentences?  And what exactly does that really mean?  The writer of the story should have said.  Will he serve them concurrently or consecutively?  What about parole and time off for good behavior?  Every state has its own screwball rules.  In most states or so it seems, the prisoner doesn’t actually serve the time given at sentencing.  Life can mean forever in one state but only 20 or 25 years in another.Also there was that very poorly decided Supreme Court case that held that a minor can’t be sentenced for life (as in forever) with no possibility of parole.  I wonder what effect that has on this case.

Why not just shoot him in the head and be done with him? It would certainly be less expensive for all taxpayers. Why should we feed and house this waste of flesh?

We had a friend of a friend's kid that got out of the joint that Bubba got a hold of . He said it only hurt the first time.

So, what sentence did his pistol get?I mean, it was responsible for the shooting too, right?Damn you, gun!!!

He really needs to be put away in a criminal insane place not just in prison, He really has a lot mental problems.

He's nuts, and should be in a mental institute, not a prison.

walk this piece of #$%$, out back put a bullet in the head, and let the vulchers have at it, case closed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

So which straw got him the gun?  When are they on trial?  Oh maybe it was in the home, for protection?  I feel so much safer....

What a waste of a life. I'm curious as to what his home life was and if this could of been prevented. Such a tragedyThank U T.J.Lane

A ploy for either segregation in prison or the opportunity to serve his time in a mental ward.......

sick lil freak. i hope he gets a broomstick treatment from some real hard-timers. he's a weak lil fake who figured out how to pull a trigger.

He is good at hiding his fears. There is a scared little boy behind that little tough look and smirk on his face. He knows he is going into a tough situation where his manhood will be tested the second he steps into prison.

I don't believe in the Death Penalty......but I would be inclined to make an exemption for this P.O.S.

Sick mother******.  The devil in disguise!

Well, what do you expect from the Caucasian male? This is what they do. Evil, mass murdering cowards. The whole lot of them. Is it the recessive gene in them that causes them to do such vile acts? Perhaps. There needs to be a study done asap.

How did this #$%$ get away with his behavior at his sentencing? He should have his balls chopped off. TOTAL waste of humanity! Im sure someone will get in line to say his punishment is cruel and unusual. Rot in hell T.J.

He won't be so cocky in prison hell become someones #$%$!!!!!

Can you say: Nasty nate is going to want some fruit cocktail with this one.a dog might bit someone out of fear and will get put down.This #$%$ kills three people and is allowed to live

I got just short of sick when reading what this murderer said to the family members!  My smypathy to all those who loved these deceased young people.  He doesn't know? I wonder if he was a victim of being bullied...Not that is any excuse to kill.

I was just about to say the same thing, Let's see how tough he is in prison.

I don't understand why when somebody shoots kids at school or try to kill students in the school house they have a mental problem. These kids don't have no mental problem they just crazy. Mental problems my butt!!! Smh please

It causes US "Tax Payers" more money to house this animal....!!! He should get the same punishment that was done by him. Like the saying says, "An Eye for an Eye"

unfortunately, he will probably be put into max security.... So he doesn't take his own life!

This is satans work, i've read too many stories about similar incidents.  He will be in for a rude awakening when those cell doors slam.  CLINK

let a few well endowed inmates run the train on him then pop a bullet or two in em or just bury him alive

Oh the humanity! What humanity???!!!

let us see how does he smile in prison.And the murdering dog that is Richard Hinds gets 5 years for drugging, raping and murdering an Irish girl in Japan. Spineless worm from Memphis Tennessee..............spit his name with venom. Drugged her in a bar, violated her in a cab, took her to his hotel, got her drugged body in a wheelchair to his room where he raped and strangled her. Pride of the USA! Bloody cowardly dog!

Just give the 'Killer' the most slippery 'soap' there is in the prison, and he will make new 'killer friends' of his own.

Most murderers ask for the death penalty and don't get it because it's looked at as an easy way out. If this kid were of age i feel the death penalty would've worked great. He isn't tough enough to handle someone looking him in the eye and saying you are sentenced to death. His smirks and comments are only there to hide his true fear. If i were a family member in that courtroom it would've been on like donkey kong!!

Why would the judge allow the shirt and let him speak to the families? He should have kicked him out the minute he showed his shirt. Spineless judge. This kid has some serious mental issues and I don't think any sort of therapy is going to help him.

Just wait,His day will come once he steps into the prison.

this judge should be takeing off the bench for letting him wear that t shirt dont votefor that bum wait till he get's to prison the big boy's are waiting for him i hope they #$%$ him and beat him to death they should have gave him death not 300 yrs he might last 2 yrs if that good luck u killer

Why??? Just shoot this #$%$ in th face and move on

Some say the death sentence costs more than a life sentence because of the legal fees involved, Then there is the case of dna evidence saving innocent lives. That may be true but when some lowlife decides to have fun killing people and there are so many witnesses there should be no legal expenses, just execution,

He's smiling now but wait till Bubba gets him! LOL3 Life sentences, only in America! They should just take hi out and hang him!

Hey Killa, (king of the masterbaters) thats what you'll be doing when your all locked with yourself and your boyfriends #$%$! Dumb #$%$.Like Harley1984 said; when this guy meets the big boys he may not think his "lifestyle" is so cool anymore.  He really sickens me.

I say let him serve at least 20 yrs in general population, NOT protective custody, and when he's around 40 and he's old enough to realize all the wrong and pain he created and might be ready to repent and feel sorry, come and get him out of bed and execute him...no warning or allow him to mentally prepare!

the judge needs to be sentence since he doesn't know the difference between a mentally ill person and a healthy one. Everyone is now treated as an adult I guess all the hormones in our food supplies has spead up our age in mental processing. give me a break people

This punk#$%$ wont last 2 years in the prison system, inmates are gonna eat his #$%$ alive.

what a great kid !!...

I would be happy to do him in for just the transportation costs!!!!

One year in the worst imaginable prison, followed by death by extreme torture over many days.  That sounds about right to me.

This article is unclear.  It states he received 3 life terms, with no mention of parole eligibility, then near the end states "life without parole was the maximum sentence he faced."  Regardless, sentencing laws can be changed, even retroactively, at the whim of the elected.  3 consecutive life terms not only represents justice for each individual killed, it assures that, regardless of sentencing law changes, Lane dies in prison.

Oh... and carve "killer" into his chest with a dull knife.

He deserves to be behind bars without a doubt. You do the crime, you do the time.This lil #$%$ gave the victims family a middle finger as the verdict was being read. he could care less.

I really feel sorry for yr mother no parent should have to go through this because she will be imprisoned also, but more so i have a prayer for the victims parents because they lost a child that was not chosen by god you'll have my sympathy and prayers, always remember god will take care of you'll children.

Lets take our govt to trial over the countless people they have let die of hunger, thirst and die over GREED. oh wait, you people are more concerned with these kind of TV stories that the system provides for you...You all must like being controlled. Wake up..

Heartless human on the earth , he belongs to prison

Ha Ha,  don't give him the media coverage......  We have a place for you...'killer'    Where many others share you values.  (`.`)

He is a stupid,white,gun lover.

10 bucks say's bubba's gonna make him his #$%$

what you expect when you have so called social network websites like Face Book,Twitter etc that spread this #$%$ behavior all over the world.Keep your eyes open you will see even more #$%$ and mental young ppl as a result..

wake up, its time to play house, what you wanna be the husband or wife..

This kid is still a better person then #$%$ Cheney and GW Bush.i wish i could snap his neck the way he is smirking..punkass

I'm sure the inmates in his new home are gonna love him. Enjoy kiddo

Send me the address where's he is going to spend his time in prison, so that I can send him boxes of Soap for his new little friends...

Ghosts from the Nursery: Tracing the Roots of Violence. One in twenty children born today will spend some part of his or her adult life in jail. During the last thirty years, violent crimes committed by youth have risen by 371 percent. Cutting to the heart of this alarming trend, Ghosts from the Nursery gives startling new evidence that violent behavior is fundamentally linked to abuse and neglect in the first two years of life.In absorbing and accessible prose, Robin Karr-Morse and Meredith S. Wiley present case histories of "children who kill," along with the latest in brain development research.Ghosts from the Nursery compellingly demonstrates the poisonous effect that neglect, abuse, trauma, injury, and toxicity have in the first thirty-three months of life - and makes a convincing case for a revolution in our beliefs about the care of babies.

Great case for the death penalty. Remember Richard Speck who killed a bunch of nurses? He was interview in jail and said "This is the best gig I could ask for. Drugs, sex, 3 squares a day at taxpayer expense. Life is great"

Perhaps his prison has a Joy Division...

Can you say  "ZZAAPPPPP"

First I was shocked because you don't see white boys get this kinda sentence and then when I saw his reaction and demeanor I'm sure he's gonna walk free and kill many before he's done.

O.J.Simpson is waiting for him---OJ will teach him how to be the center and play touch football. Bend over punk and hike the football.

Consolation? This skinny punk #$%$ nobody gets to spend the rest of his life getting #$%$-pounded and beaten daily and having what little personal property the system allows him confiscated by his new neighbors.what a pathetic little prick................

Of course the lamestream media fails to mention the cocktail of psych pills he was on, that would risk all that pharma add $.../

May God have mercy on his soul. May God take his victims into his loving arms.

Hang him!

Lets see how he smirks with his #$%$ full of #$%$.

Looks like a "Prison #$%$" to me!!!!

Just read your message Lori Sanders.....You are 10000000000000% CORRECT!!!!!!

my shirt reads "pimp" idk how he does it...

Where did he get the gun?

People like this #$%$ bag need to be put to DEATH.  If you're old to KILL someone....YOU'RE OLD enough to DIE by lethal injection.  But this kind of killer needs to be electrocuted with 25,000 Volts.  Fry him until he explodes.  What a waste of sperm and an egg.  LOSER.What a complete waste of oxygen.  He should be in a compost pile.

Prayers go out to the family's of not only the victims, but this boys parents too. No one would believe their baby capable of a sadistic act like this. We must pray that God at some point shows up in this boys life. It's easy for us to be angry and hateful. What this country needs is more love and more attempts to b understanding, vigilant, and compassionate before these things happen. Enough is enough.

This is why public executions should be allowed, disgusting little puke. Crime rate would drop.

fun for him,none for them.its what lifes all about

Oh how different the world would be if I was in charge.

Denial is a very powerful tool for public courage and conscious internal suppression;however the greatest punishment to man is total isolation.....This Kid is not qualified to handle the road ahead of him.....Buckle up Young-man and be prepared to swim through your tears for years....PONDER..... BALTIMORE......

So now we support this POS for the rest of his life with free room and board and free healthcare.Give me about 5 minutes alone with this skinny punk and we'll see if he's still smirking when I'm done with him. They'll need a flat head shovel and a Hefty bag to scrape up and dispose of his pathetic remains. Piece of filth.

"You sure got a pretty mouth boy"  is all he's gonna hear from prison.

Well, I think that display pretty much sums it up.  The guy is a pathetic piece of sub-human garbage.  Hope he enjoys a long stay in prison and a longer stay in hell..  My thoughts and prayers are with the family members of the victims of this filth..

You can only be so tough when people mistake you for Justin Beiber.another piece of #$%$ that we have to house and feed.

bet he would not be smiling it a rope was around his neck

Levelheaded is so correct. However this creep should be sure and write "wife" on the back of his shirt so it can still be seen when he and "Bubba" are in an awkward position.

I hope he gets his throat cut in prison.

Why didnt someone jump the counter and at least get a couple of hits in? I guarantee you if i was there it wouldnt even have to be my family involved if i would have seen him say that to the relatives i would have jumped the bench and beat his #$%$.. He's going to have a really nightmarish time in prison.. People in prison dont take kindly to his kind.............kind of like a child molester.......

Bend over, grab your ankles and let the #$%$ pounding begin!!!! Sick little punk should be hung with piano wire tied around his liitle sack

why do we keep him in prison for the rest of his life,hopefully another inmate will take care of him

Why are there no handcuffs on this animal?  Is he not mentally competent to wear them?  Cruel and unusual punishment?  Just wait until he become someones bi*ch in prison.

They should continue the trial until the age of 18 then give him the death penalty

All he has to look forward to now is an #$%$ the size of a railroad tunnel and when the REAL bad boys get tired of him, then he'll be shanked 60 or 70 times in the face, neck and chest and left laying in the dust of the prison yard.  Oh, and guess what?  Absolutely NOBODY will have seen anything.  Not as cheap or as fast as a bullet, but justice nonetheless.What a great man this teen is.

Its ok dude, your young and pretty and you are now going to be someones #$%$ for the rest of your life...  enjoy

Why is he not swinging from the nearest tree?

life in prison is the minimum that any azzclown that shoots any one like this kid did should get

I've whacked it to alot of things, but never that!!

No we pay his room and board till he dies.......give him to the parents of the kids he killed....

Lane/Loughner GOP 2016!!!!!

before (_*_)  after(_O_)

I give him 3 months in prison!

He'd better hope they supply him with some HIV meds, he'll be getting a good taste of AIDS very soon......It really doesn't make any difference whether or not these killers are mentally "competent" when they commit their violence. The fact is that, like a dog who has bitten a child, you can never trust that the individual will not commit this act again. This person is defective, and must be removed from society.

what inmates account can i pay to have his life put to end after much pain?

Oh, poor guy,

This boy is demonic. I hope he gets his demons beaten out of him in jail.

He won't make it in prison.....he'll end up as Bubba's little #$%$....we won't have to feed him for too long......dead man talking.

On these comments; some of you need to get elected so U can change the rules at the legislative level; we will complain and not change the system.

He's obviously not competent or sane. But he will most certainly pay for his crimes in the big house.

YAYYYYYY for the second amendment...YAYYYYY

I like y'all's comments: "a lost child.. not human.. sick.. fried brain..etc"i'm surprised no body accused him of being arab or muslim.!!! WOW..!!???

These kind of stupid bas _ _ _ d's  need to go to the electric chair,NOT PRISON !!!!Life is a waste of our tax dollars... he admits to it and is found guilty. Just spend a dollar on bullets and put him down please.

What a piece of GARBAGE !!! I hope he gets what he deserves in prison.  People like this is why there should be a DEATH penalty they don't deserve to live.

I hope he gets what's coming to him in prison. Little prick!

eek this boy is gross....and i wonder what his parents think about this kid....

Homeboy's will wipe that smirk ff his face. He will be alot of men's #$%$ for a long time, I actually think his day to day suffering at the hands of men will be much better than the death penalty.

The prisoners at the prison they are sending this puke to are already running a lottery as to who among them is going to get a new old lady.

Love how the AP use of words try to humanize the killer." bus to the alternative school he attended, for students who haven't done well in traditional setting"

He'll go to an adult correctional facility and he'll have the white supremists convince him that he's safer joining ranks with them. He'll have to put in some "work" for them, but he'll be protected and he'll live out the remainder of his life in prison being a white supremist. It's a sad fact, but the leeches in prison will dig into him and make him one of their own. Pay now or pay later, but you'll pay.

The GOOD news.. sort of.. less than 2% of all Psychopaths are actually violent.

two words-DEATH PENALTY!!it is cray to hold these jerks in prison on taxpayers money-the government needs money? stop wasting on these pieces of #$%$!!give him a hot pink prison uniform with the word "Loser" in BIG bold letters, and put him in Bubba's cell along with a life's supply of soap bars to pick up for Bubba!

This jerk is going to find out just how bad life can be . . .

Kid, you may smile and laugh now but it's hell when you in prison. Serial rapists, murderers, gangsters, and robbers is all your neighbors. Soon, you will feel and know how it is to be a victim.

Enjoy living in the state 'pound you in the #$%$' prison...

He's got a long time in jail being 18

I suspect that this punk's "upbeat" attitude will change as the years go by and he's stuck in prison.  He'll be in constant fear of being beaten up, raped, and/or killed.  He's not going to be wearing that big smile for very much longer.

The gesters he will get in prison, my be deeply felt

he will kill himself 1st chance he gets he already knows you can tell on his face..

Send him to the front.  Let's see how tough he is.  This is his last hurrah, gonna be toothless and enjoying his new man friends soon.  Waste of DNA

i have a feeling, that is going to be his last stupid grin !!!The judge should not have allowed him to get to the families in that way. What a terrible kid. We should not have exceptions for cases like this and send them right to chair!!

I think that does not matter because he is mentally ill. But I  still think he should get the death sentence!!

Man I would be really embarrassed  if that was my kid. What a douche nozzle.

I don't get or understand it. What would make or cause so many young adults in America to commit these, horrific, what appears to be random acts of violence against each other? There is no understanding of why, nor does there seem to be an answer to this, never ending, tragedy in our society.

NOTHING NEW

they should stick a red hot piece of iron up his butt hole until he dies

sadly..it will take some years for it to sink in what he`s in for the rest of his life...or should i say"Three Life times"!

Prime example of a kid that had a failed support structure. Sent to a school for kids that "don't do well" in a traditional setting...YOU THINK? This is a tragedy on all sides. I wish the families of the dead all of the best. Which I am sure will come in the form of a large settlement/lawsuit victory due to the school and his parents complete negligence.

His shirt wont read WIFE it will read "OUR #$%$".....lol

Well, I suppose this young life is pretty much done with. Was it all worth it?Damn idiot.He needs to live inside the walls of prison for the rest of his life. The freshness of the situation will wear off in 10 years then he can settle in.

I don't see how being 17 gives him a pass of the death penalty. Now there will be 60yrs of taxpayer money supporting this murderer. He is not remorseful of his crime, nor does he show any respect to his family or the families of his victims. Hanging would be a better alternative

May God have mercy on his soul because the men in jail sure won't.

Deserved nothing less than to be run over by a tractor trailer

Come on people.  This is all about escalation.  Each one of these unfortunate events is a result of a loser who wants to be louder, more horrific, and more significant than the last loser.  The people in the courtroom are at ground zero, and that sucks for them to have to hear that, but posting 10,000 comments about him is exactly what he wants and only feeds ambitions of the next loser.  Sadly, it takes a stronger, sane person, to greive privately and not fuel the fire.  That being said, it does put my mind at ease knowing that justice will be served, as well as it can be, by his fellow inmates.

3 life sentences (bull $%*!)   Give him what he gave his victims

time for the death sentence for all ages befitting the crime

Let's see how tough the little punk is in prison.  He may not get it yet but he is about to be a piece of raw meat being thrown to the animals.

If it was me, and my daughter had been killed by this waste of space, I'd find someone in that prison, where he is going, that is also serving life, and promise to take care of a member of his family to ensure this kid gets the death penalty...why don't more people do this?

Nobody wants to spend their life in prison........Still he should die.Pure ego and arrogance....

When God created hell he had this puke in mind.....

He is heading someplace that will wipe that grin right off his face! Still can't stop and wonder, where are the parents?  Parent's these days seem to care about one thing in their kids life, that they don't have to take care of them. This poor kid had problems, but had no one to tell them to.Parents, scream about the school system, but do nothing to improve them or help them.  They are so worried that someone might touch them and they might like it.  Anyone over 15 seems to know about sex then I knew when I was 18.  The facts are that parents are wrapped up in their lives then they are of their children.  You know there is a right time to let them go, but there is never a time to ignore them!

Pray

I don't understand why the judge allowed him to make a mockery of the court process and further injure the families of the victims.  Why wasn't he sent into the hall to change the shirt?  Why didn't they handcuff him behind his back the second he made the hand gesture?  I am baffled that he got away with this behavior in the courtroom.

The word scrawled on his t-shirt proves his guilt. He's not mentally ill. He knew exactly what he was doing and is not the least bit sorry for it. He should stay behind bars for the rest of his evil, wicked, devil-possessed life!

one heartbeat

Would luv to see the before and after pic on this #$%$,...in about 3months.

his parents ... and the grandparents produced this a hole.... they are responsible fot this

How many have notice how wicked the worlds become. I will only speak on how i feel.religions, governments. people are all on money. I believe we are in the last days .When i dont know no one knows.But, it snowballing fast.Killings, wheather. earthquakes , fish birds dieing. Let not forget wars rumors of wars, Strange sounds in sky.Why the pope get national tv how many of us our catholics. I am a ex catholic i dont want to be in any or part of pagan religions. If they do hoilidays or have images these are all false.Why was he allowed to wear that shirt in the courtroom???

Teen gets 3 life sentences ..............Does that mean he gets 3 lives?Not at all a bad deal

Does it really matter, he is going to be fed, taken care of, BY YOURS AND THE FAMILIES TAX MONEY who is really the winner, there is none, people like his deserve a slow death, a painfully slow death

Sheila, they have no God in them, when we went to school we prayed in class, mothers read the bible to us. Today there is nothing. Monsters they are.

and the court said nothing? The judge didn't make this #$%$ take off the shirt and remain shirtless? So tired of this child-centered society we live in, where kids are literally getting away with murder because everyone is afraid to hurt their gat dang feelings!!

I think he needs help. He is soooo young. Why put him away forever when all he really needs is a good slap on the wrist like most rich people get when they kill people!!!

His mouth should have been publicly washed out with soap for his out burst in court.

Yahoo, Please take before and after measurements of his Bungole...

We need the DEATH PENALITY U.S. wide !

Bubba will treat him nicely for a long long love timecan you suffer from fantasies???

MEANNWHILE DRONES R KILLING PEOPLE !!!!

They should just let the famly of the victims have him and do what ever they want to him. i would have him boiled alive upside down but thats just me.

Awesome. Before he gets murdered by a fellow inmate, his #$%$ will surely be reamed out to at least a size 14. Sometimes justice IS served.

DISGUSTING person that lane is for killing all four of the boys at Chardon school... My prayes go out to each family of the four boys that was killed by this Diagusting guy...  think what u did to the four boys u killed whiel geting ur butt kicked in prison....

He is going to be a sex toy for a lot of older gruff men.   His A hole is going to have more things going into it than coming out.

Please don't blame the parents until you consider all sides of this tragedy. There are some children who (IMHO) are just plain evil and without consciences.

I wish I could have 5 minutes with you and my 357.

the only real sound was this piece of steaming catcrap flushing down the toilet once and for all...good riddance...

Juviniles can rape and only get a year....Then a juvenile can kill and get life.........A year minimum (5 max) for rape is not enough.....Looks like he will be a interacial marriage next week !!!!!!!! Stupid zipperhead

And people want to abolish the death penalty?

Just wait till he gets to the "big house", a death sentence would be a relief for him.

A Comment-er in this thread by the name of Shelia asked, "What is the difference in parenting today?"  That is a question that could be a college exam question - a great topic for a thesis.  Every "generation" hears the term "back in my day" and each twenty year age increment of people says to those who follow, "when I was young" and etc.  There are many different dynamics at work here to help answer this question and the second question Shelia asked - "Why are we procreating such monsters?"  To coin the phrase "back in the day",  years ago children were not exposed to television and media sources to take up their time with, especially during critical personality developmental periods.  Those formative years that teach us the basics that should be grounded in solid example setting, i.e. love truthfully, work hard to be a "good" person inside and out and treat one another with dignity, respect and compassion.  There seems to have been a trend these past many years to move away from a "hands on" and "leading by example" approach with parenting and we are seeing the results of this with more hostility, less developed individuals and more chaos and emotional problems.  Simply put - the years of exposure to media based entertainment, financial constraints in this electronic age society and an overall selfish living instead of quality living  has taken it's toll and real life has been gradually sprinkled with "less patience", "less quality interaction in families", a lowering of "moral fiber" examples -( and by moral fiber I mean the basics, treating others fairly, exhibiting dignity and grace, etc.)  You also have to take into consideration all the food additives and prescription mood enhancing drugs that now are being prescribed for the past and current generations - this could very well have an "over time" effect on the human race as it procreates - hence all the ADHD, ADD, OCD, and so on and so forth - we have no idea how our overall emotional genetics are being affected by generations of prescribed medications.Now as with all "opinions", they are a matter of individuality and not necessarily accepted gracefully by all - so I apologize to anyone who reads this who may be offended or think otherwise - in a nutshell we have individually evolved electronically and in fantasy but have devolved as a group  - hence we see more than one generation now experiencing a lowering of basic qualities to accommodate priorities in other areas, which has cost us greatly in the here and now.  "S"

Used to be in the good ole days when a turd like this acted up they would have tied him to a chair and duct taped his filthy mouth shut but nowadays that would have violated his civil liberities. I'm sure he will have a fun time treated like an animal for the rest of his life,though.

Maybe someone in prison will give him the death sentence

First clue was the alternative school. Those kids need to be kept under close watch.  Metal detectors at schools that house or transport them.  They simply are not right.  Whether they are #$%$, slow, violent, whatever, they require extra security.  For all of them, lest one nut job like this gets loose.

What's even more disturbing is all of the red thumbs that are appearing after some of these posts!  What in HEdoublehockeystix are you all thinking??? This is what our future is becoming, defend the criminals (call them mental, get them help), while the victims suffer from their wrath, and sometimes the wrath of people who are onlooking. I couldn't imagine sitting there w/ a dead child and watching as his/her killer lol'd and mock the slayings! I would be in jail right w/ him, cuz i'd beat him til he begged for more, but not kill him b/c its way too good for him.  18, unless he kills himself in prison, this dude will die over and over every day/night until satan calls him home!

Big Eddie and the boys will wipe that smile off his face soon enough..

TJ Lane should read "23 Minutes in Hell"  I would actually mail him a copy.  It's more of a guide on what he can expect in the afterlife.For you atheists that don't believe in Heaven or Hell, don't totally dismiss the book, for you it would be one scary horror novel.no vaseline or ky in the big house

he wont last long in there!!after someone rapes his #$%$ over and over,they will torture and kill him or he will kill his self..either way he shall burn in hell!!!

To "Sheila" the "Babay Boomer" these are the children of your children, so the question is, whos's really at fault here?

Eye for an eye. Each victim's parent should be allowed to shoot a bullet at a body part of their choosing.

Only in America are there such ridiculous amounts of crazy psychos pulling this kind of #$%$!

They should of shot the Son of a #$%$ right there.The men is prison will make him his #$%$ because he killed innocent kids.

Now bring on that sh*tbag Holmes. I would love to see him getting put away forever or even gassed.

Somebody in prison is going ta make him there #$%$ and then lets see him laugh as he is getting it pushed up his but day after day.Oh and he is a cutie so they'll love him long time.

in a couple months that tiny guy is gonna be crying

The only reason these crimes keep happening is because the upstanding white youth is being corrupted by Ni663rs.  Stop letting your kids hang around Ni663rs and there will be no more of this. Enough is enough.This is what happens when the boomer generation raises their kids to worship drugs and rock partys, then those kids grow up and have no values and don't teach their kids not to mess with other kids at school. Garunteed this kid was bullied by those group of kids and one day he said to himself "enough" and decided to act. It was the wrong move, but , I understand why he did it.Parents teach your kids not to judge others by trendy cloths , it's your own fault for making them feel better than everyone else and have a need to harass others that are worse off than them like this kid was.

To bad prison isnt to punish people its for rehabilitation.   He will live out his days happily.

He should have lied about his age so he could enjoy the needle.

Everyone here has missed the point - you've all help create him and you'll never understand why.

Well, stop reporting these types of crimes, and they will stop doing it. The only reason that they keep doing these kind of crimes, is for publicity. And you #$%$ keep giving them that.

Why is this killer's courtroom wide open to the public?

Hang him

For all the Libtards, this is an obvious reason we need the death penalty.  If only for cases like this or those proven with DNA, video, etc, it is needed.And, please don't tell me it costs more, as you idiots don't care about paying more taxes, but the reality is that this young pr*ck will live 50 years in jail and that will cost far more than death row, assuming you f*cking libs will understand there is to be a limit on appeals.Granted, maybe the victims loved ones are libs and can learn from this?J

reality is going to set in real soon when some lifer that already done 20 of his years gets a new room mate time to break out the cool-aide and pop goes the cherry. I don't think this punk will last 5 inside unless he's in max security or protective custody prisoners don't like people who pray on kids i guess they do have morals

Tommy Lynn Sells should have been executed long ago.  But Texas won't execute him for whatever reason.  This little punk should be executed.It will be a blessing once this little punk finds out about REAL prison life and he becomes the next "Victim".  Shaw Shanked in the rear before they kill him.

I hope he dies in prison.  His life has no meaning or purpose.  In HELL he will be reduced to a creature of pain.  On fire, chewed on by worms, no water, no peace, occasionally tormented by demons (that have free reign and an IQ of 1).  Forever and ever and ever.  and ever.

The world today is becoming more and more unstable...

So what?

Now now people.  I am sure he had a bad upbringing, lousy parents or ADD.  It cannot be his fault.  Wht there must be a govt. program to rehab these poor souls. Personal responsibility?  How dare you.

dont hate him he has a problem and yes he wil suffer but dont hate, you are falling gor it the devil wants to inject hate in you and you are all hating weather he has a problem or not you can judge him curse him but dont hate him we cannot continue to poison our minds and souls with hatred peace all of you.

He will have the rest of his life to contemplate on what he has done and everytime he is getting a hot shot in his keister, hehehehehehe.........

Well what do you know ! Finally the law did the right thing with this Killer, now if only the rest of the courts do the same; things may get better. Good JOB OHIO!!

guess he doesn't understand whatthe term  prision #$%$ means ??

You wonder how stupid is he that it hasn't sunk in yet-----you are spending the next 50 years in a room smaller than my bathroom---unless you are murdered or kill yourself!! Enjoy your 15 minutes of acting out at the sentencing.  At his first porole hearing, he'll bel all, "I'm not longer a threat to society and I regret my actions every day". BOARD: see you again in 10 years. LOLand now that tax payers have to pay for his room and board for the next 70 years. Hope he gets his rear raped in prison every day

A more severe punishment would be making him watch cleveland brown football films continuosly

He needs to remember murghys.law, what goes around, comes around

what a sic little bast$@#,,enjoy your worthless pathetic long long miserable life in prison with bubba and his foot long friends

What they're going to be doing to him/with him in prison so much so that, once he eats, it'll come right out!!!

The unfortunate things is tax payers have to pay to house and feed these mongrels.  Too bad he's so young and obviously was influenced by someone.  He'll get a butt buddy for life now.

Who raises a young man like this? He has a blatant disregard for life - his parents or whoever raised him did so, without a moral compass..............

Unfortunately, sin exists and I feel really sorry for this kid. I wish he would have been more properly led through his younger years. He obviously has some MAJOR wounds and has allowed his sins to totally take over his life. However, he is still a human being, with unalienable rights. He should be allowed to die naturally, however that may be.

How sad this is that a human being can become so evil. He's wrecked and his parent(s) probably contributed; maybe unbeknownst to he/she/them. He will certainly receive his due while in prison.

Why do we get to see the court room photos but not when it comes to jews like James Holmes or Loughner??That's ok. I've been incarcerated and know that dudes like this get shanked within a year. He'll #$%$ someone off there who will have nothing to lose. Idiot.

looks like bubba is going to have a fresh piece of tail,and you know what I mean

The peoples lives he's changed forever can rest knowing that HE'S GOING TO PAY ONE WAY OR ANOTHER FOR THE REST OF HIS MISSERABLE LIFE, and I'm sure of the fact HE WILL NOT BE COMFOTTABLE..LOL..LOLSO SMILE ABOUT THAT LITTLE BOY AND SIT ON THAT FINGER OF YOURS AND SPIN..LOL

The worst is that instead of ending his worthless life with a .20 cent bullet, tens of millions will be spent keeping him on death row for twenty years....at the law abiding working mans expense......

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," ... Convicts in jail are going to make him jerk them off and clean it up using the same hand too.

This #$%$ is becoming way to common anymore.

This is where the victims parents shoudl be allowed to select one person representing there family... should be allowed two private minutes with a #$%$ bag like this in a locked cell for 2 minutes. Oh would this dirt bag be hurting. Just fists, him and the victims family. Two minutes caged MMA. Once one family is done after two minutes, the next walks in.

He thinks he'll be a tough guy in prison.  Seriously, in the back of his mind he really think he is going to be released at some point and he'll be glorified.  neither of which will happen.

concurrent or consecutive sentences???

It's too bad tax payer money has to pay for his life in prison.  He simply should be executed. And may God have mercy on his soul.Now  "The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," will be jerking off Bubba for 3 lifetimes!!!!Look at him, what is he like 150 lbs soak and wet?  He won't stand a chance in Gen Pop at a MAXIMUM security prison.. Death? Nah... that's too easy... He'll be bent over grabbing his knees for the next 60 years... LOL!!!!

They will sleep easier knowing that "it" will be locked up for the rest of this creatures life. FOR THE REST OF ITS LIFE!!!!!!!! in a dark hole surviving off the mercy of the "very friendly" corrections officers, and with plenty of other killers to keep his #$%$ very very very very very ........busy. Enjoy the rest of your stay Mr. Killer.

He'll start to miss stuff in prison, like freedom of movement.  real food. women.

hmmm...wait until he gets to prison. He gonna be somebody's wife....wow!!!!  I hope he is ready.

What a disgusting pos

He's about to meet Ben Dover...

Sorry, made some spelling and reference errors.  I did not mean to say me, but to say as much, and to forgive, but not me.  Sorry.  hopefully you got the correct meaning of the message.

Yet another shining example of the merits of pro-choice.  It's criminal his mother didn't practice it.  Four dead, but this "thing" still lives.

The "Activist Judge" was bound by the law, the shooter wasn't eligible for the death penalty because he was 17 at the time of the shootings .Life imprisonment without parole was the maximum.

firing squad or Chinese torture for this piece of #$%$ ?? After he's sodomized 100 times in prison , which he will !!according to some nuts posting in the article regarding the possible terror thwarted in florida college, 22 caliber guns must not kill a person. what dunderheads!

clueless little #$%$

The little man might be trying for an appeal based on an insanity defense. It won't work.

He has to be under demonic oppression because it is impossible for a human to be that evil. If the prosecutor would have asked who he was, I bet the demon would have answered. I am in shock after reading what he said to the families. They are going to have a field day with him in prison. He will wish he would have gotten the death penalty before its over!

If I was in that court room and he had killed my child I would have jumped over the rail and with -in one minute, choked every last breath out of that #$%$. Properly choked, you can kill a person in 2 minutes. Bam c ya #$%$ bag

Where are all the racist post? Oh yeah this is another crazy white kid. But according to white people only blacks commit crimes.

I'd give him until his 21st,. Birthday to make amends with God and those he's harmed, then hang him.

Can you imagine being this animal's parents?  I would be so, so ashamed of him, I'd probably have to move, I wouldn't be able to look anybody from that town in the eye.  This little fugger got everything he deserved but he has no idea how many peoples life he destroyed and doesn't care.

he and jodi can write the next 75 years

Bring his sorry #$%$ to the nearest zoo and dump his worthless hide in the lion pit. Feeding the cats for a day is the only good this dung pile can contribute to societyI believe in capital, punishment he has no respect for life, I don't believe , the tax payer ought to pay for him the rest of his life!!!!!!

excute him immediately....don't waste another dime of ohio taxpayer on this mutant

Death without anesthesia is what this POS needs, nothing less

Three life sentences. I wish that meant we could hang him three times. He does appear to be very depressed and menally ill. His time in prison will not be good, which is not a bad thing.

He is gonna be awfully sorry once he is in prison.

Thank god he'll be locked up for the rest of his miserable life.

Don't worry taxpayers...  With an attitude like that, he likely will not live that long in prison anyway unless he's someone's #$%$.

This is so sad for all concerned-

Too bad he wasn't a football player; he only would have gotten five years at most

A lot of older men will be making love to him..As long as evil is allowed to be seen and heard and breath, it breeds.

Only in America...3 life sentences for a juvenile.Even the saudis are more humane..

He will be somebody's #$%$!!!!! And that will be a KILLER!!!

Good job man, that #$%$ mother who called you pathetic execuse for a human being is a #$%$.

This dude's b-hole is going to be the size of a golf hole within the first month of incarceration.  And that's just the beginning of the rest of his life.

No one forced him to pull that trigger. Now he'll have many years in which to find GOD and reform his ways.

Sure, this is his time to shine.  But, as the years wear on and the reality sets in that a tiny closet will be his home for a very long time, it will get to him.  I personally do not favor execution because when he gets to his 30s, he will still be paying the price his teen aged self incurred.  He will never again eat a nice steak, go on vacation, or play a video game.

He must have exhibited some of this demented behavior before the killings.  Surely he couldn't live in a normal US community, and attain that level of danger and lunacy.  I hope that the proposed background checks for gun purchases would screen this guy on sight.Typically, the gov will have the right idea but they'll completely blow the execution of the program.  Inconsistencies will be all over the map and then the lawyers will wade in.

he will now get anally raped every day for the rest of his life.

There will be a special place in hell for him, and I'm sure people won't agree with me on this, but as a mother, there will also be a special place in hell for his parents. We are not born this way, we are created. A product of our parents.he might have been a groupie for the band the killers

so glad he's white,  if he was black  there would have been alot of racial hatred comments.  or anti President Obama comments... etc... you know the drill..

This dude is a mess!

Big Bubba here he comes

just stick him in with the mexican mafia an let the politics in prison deal with him

T.J. Lane: just another "responsible gun owner".

Solitary confinement. With fleas and mosquitos. F this kid.

First cut off his hands so that he can't #$%$ anymore.  Then take a hammer and bludgeon his feet and knees!  Then scalp him and cut out his balls and heart like the Native Americans used to.  Then, gut him and feed his organs and entrails to the pigs, rats, and racoons!  Hang his gutted body for all the prisoners to see and then they can use it as a pinata and for target practice for police officers.  Finally, when the body has been all dried up, they can stuff and put chemicals to preserve his face and body to be used just like the fancy bear or tiger rugs!

Sounds like a pretty COOL guy!

Death by torture wouldn't be too cruel for this murderer."The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory,"Be careful what you wish for punk. You're going to enjoy giving that to others in prison.

Lane is the offspring of this educational system and the government that promotes education. these are the children of this despondent government and it's educational system.

Lack of love in society.

Im sure he had wonderful loving parents...yea right.

I answered my own question... wow.. brilliantly rhetorical..

Unfortunately, he is having the last laugh, mainly because it is our tax money which will keep him alive! How #$%$ is that

Check that carton-boy well he is a product of North Korea

Where did he learn such theatre of the macabre?. I'm not blaming TV/movies, but just sayin...

No PC for this punk. Gen-pop his sorry #$%$ and it'll be a death sentence,possibly by his own hand,within a year. Tops.

There you go T.J.  You wanted your 5 minutes of fame, now you got it. Now comes your reward. Isolation from the world..... you have sown the seeds of disrespect and anger and now you will reap the "rewards?" of your idiocy. My sincerest condolences to the families. Maybe now you can be at peace with yourself. Life must move on now.Mental illness is the real problem in this case and poor parenting! However, this kid should get the death penalty! This sickens me.

I wish they can behead his #$%$ like they do in Saudi. Just﻿ type in Saudi beheadings on youtube. In fact, in Saudi there are less murderers walking on the street because they know their fate if they do commit such a crime. Just imagine all the money that can be saved by doing this! However it wont happen here, so let the #$%$ #$%$ the #$%$ out of his #$%$!!We will be paying for this #$%$holes accommodations for the rest of his life. Think about that!

In prison, he'll wear a t-shirt that says "bytche"

Why waste our tax dollars on this piece of garbage. Give him what he deserves now. Little punk #$%$ doesnt deserve to see the light of day.

Toxic food + Toxic water = Toxic behavior.

He better pray for lifetime solitary confinement or his revenge or whatever you want to call it won't be worth the hell he is in for. Sometimes the system does work.

I'd hate to meet their parents . Apple doesn't fall far from ..........  .I think these kids should fry just to set an example but the libs would be rioting in the street.

Life w/o parole is good... he obviously thinks he's tough send his butt to prison &amp; see how fast that smirk turns to fear... they gone take his booty real fast &amp; for the rest of his life he's gonna get tortured way worst than the 3 he killed they had a fast painful death he's gonna have a slow miserable dreadful painful death... He will be tortured to the Max which is exactly what he should get ...

He's clearly mentally insane. I wish we could figure out what causes one to become a killer and try to help these people before they go off the edge.

All these mass shooters look the same.  We should start profiling them.Meanwhile in America....

He's obviously sick.. now what caused it?

why isnt this dude being put to death?

This boy is gonna get hurt......BAD.

What a shame to be that young, have your entire future ahead of you and be that twisted in the head. My heart goes out to the parents who lost their young. I do believe that this young man deserves his sentence but I cannot help but feel he did not get the parental attention he deserved. Maybe his parents should be locked up also.

It's times like this that we really need to remember why we have the Eighth Amendment. He deserves worse than he will get, but giving it to him would make us as evil as he.

They should have made him button up his shirt when "Killer" was seen.  There is no excuse to let him sit there like that.  He is evil.  God bless the families of the victims.

Only an understanding far superior to that housed by the human mind can decipher what is inside this individual.  He is genuinely far sicker than we will ever comprehend.  Death would be a favor to him and everyone else.

dont worry because soon the hand that pulled the trigger will be jerking off bubba you pos .

Obummer's change.Maybe, just maybe, this judge  and jury should hear all murder cases . If more sentences were given out like this , eventually the message would get across to those who want to kill others-- " If you kill , you go to prison for life., no matter how young or old you are."

I hope the inmates tear this kid a new butt -hole.

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," .......cut off his hands!

Guns don't kill people, people with guns kill people. Nobody but police and the armed forces need guns. Let hunters check them out and in at the local gun rental department if you still feel the need to forage for your meat.

That's ok the men at LUCASVILLE will bring him down a notch

On his back with lipstick on....not a good future for this cabin boy. That should wipe the smirk off his face.

Part of the problem is the influx of "gamers" who constantly sit at a console shooting zombies for hours on end. These video games have replaced real parents who for whatever reason are unable to be present.

..just kill him

What a damn shame that the Judge would allow this POS to wear that shirt and mock the family of his victims. It should have been immediately ripped off of him--or better yet, burned off!!!

Yes I'm a baby boomer too your right, Our Parents discipline us when we were young and I did the same to my Children. Then you have the School's that have more Rights over your children then you do today and they  have the law behind them. You discipline your kids today and they cry to the school teacher, the CPS and the law are on you. There train of though is put the kids in foster-care, juvenile care or prison. Let the parents have there rights back and let the parents raise there children not the schools. Schools are for learning, you wonder why these kids are like this look at the schools today and go back to the  1960's and 1970's.People we need to pray for this young man. Lets not beat him up with our words of hate. God is a loving creator and he is able to forgive and we should have the same spirit in us. Yes it hurts but we still have to live right and do the right thing bye for giving this young manlet's be adults about this situation

so where were his mom and dad for all of this? how did they treat him when he was born and growing up that made him have no heart or regard for anyones life?

if he had been black or Latino ,he would be a death row white America creates these little monsters but refuses to truly give them what they deserve

read the bible it is predicted-we are living in the end times we are witnesses to the events unfolding gradually--

This little display should have proved he was mentally incompetent.Sounds to me like he has Schizophrenia.

Put a bullet through his #$%$ head already. I've seen enough of this little #$%$. In fact, lets throw all who are like him into a furnace right. #$%$gg. now. Now more of my tax dollars for this #$%$

It's OK. Not one news headline concerning Pope Francis. You are ignored and will continue to be ignored.

what a bad #$%$

I hope he gets the #$%$ kicked out of him on a daily basis.  May the rest of his life be a living hell.

Where is the adminstrator blocking comments today? Day off.First of all, why the he// did the judge let him sit in court with that shirt? He should have been gagged so he couldn't have said anything. I wonder if he'll be smirking when he's "assuming the position" in prison? There is a special place reserved for that boy in he//.

We all meet r fate in the end!!!

SATAN alive and well, living in the youth of America.

Hi need to fil pain no Marsic.

He's lucky I wasn't one of the victims father...no gaurd would stop me as this punk smiles...

This MAN gave up his rights to be treated like law abiding citizens.  Can we please institute a punishment of death by firing squad?  Why are we even wasting money to put him behind bars?

Bring back long term mental hospitals. This kid who could be anyone's son had a history of hallucinations and psychosis.

Um Um Um..my kind of guy..cant wait to see this cute-ee pie.........signed.........hardcore prison inmates.

Thing is, mentally sick, yes, but component enough to reach the goal in his mind, defiantly. He's given in to the constant cry for life long attention. I do believe he's earned it now. All of the antics he displayed to the families and world in court were nothing more than a scared boy throwing up a wall to hide behind. Unfortunately for him, the wall was see through, the attention will die from the public as the victims are remembered for years to come while he is locked away for the rest of his life with men that are really what he thinks he is. Screwed, for lack of a way more accurate term.

Hey KILLER, that hand won't just be doing yourself in prison.You think you are so damn cocky now, just wait until you findout about life in prison. You'll get yours and his and his and his....You will wish you were the killee!!They should have taken him out back and used his scrawl as a target.  Why do we need to feed, house and clothe this monster until he dies when there are so many good people in need?

Time for a death penalty, throw him in a bonfire!!

omg

Why waste money keeping him in prison. Take him out back and shoot him.

To think that this kid is "rewarded" with 3 LIFE sentences is troubling on many levels

Let's ban all the assault rifles and high capacity magazines so kids like this can't use a handgun to kill people ever again.

Defective kid.  We pray for the souls of the three kids and their families.  Crazy world.

Illinois has let 26 people go that were proven innocent asfter sitting on death row for years.

The system is messed up. Why would he be allowed to wear a shirt with "KILLER" written on it. What rights does that dirtbag have. Im disgusted and embarrassed at our Judicial system.

What they heck happened to this child during childhood that made him a monster?  We need better help and understanding of mental health to prevent these heinous crimes.  The mentally sick behind a gun= horrific outcomesPrayers to the family of the victims.I think it is very sad for all of the victims and the shooters families!  The question is why are warning signs ignored?  Parents must be more observant!  There are signs when children are having mental issues.  The time for help is at the beginning not when it is too late.

I bet he won't be smirking in the prison shower...

Great another 87,000 thousand a yr to feed and cloth someone who should just die Hey I think all those people that appose the Death Penalty should pay for this nut cases stay in prison why should the Real tax payers foot the bill it would be cheaper to kill him Hey send him to TEXAS

Everybody talks about taxpayer dollars deing spent on people in prison.You think your taxes will go down if they kill everybody?Your money will be taken and given to another country  for aid.

"The hand of the killer that murdered your relative now masterbates to the memory." How interesting because the mouth of that same "killer" will be massaging man meat in prison till he dies. And that will be the story of this garbage.

There's a lot of  undiagnosis of mental, aspergers, and a autism in this world. I think this boy was crying for help, and his mind got warped with video games! He couldn't separate or identify reality or fantasy! They need mental institutional help! People that do the shootings MOST of the time have some type of mental disorders, or genetic. To the others that do not have any disorders, justice should be served, and prison!

Something tells me his parents weren't Ward and June.

With a smirk like that, reminds me of a clip from the 1st Animal House Movie.

Yahoo and news media, why do you give pure evil the publicity and notoriety that they so desire?  By providing a worldwide platform of their pictures and quotes, I believe you are enabling other potential killers and murderers to find the final small push that they need to act out their fantasies.  News is news and should be reported, but every method possible should be used to denigrate and invalidate the importance of the killer, focusing instead on the victims.

Let's see that smirk when he meets BubbaWith that attitude, his life sentence probably won't be too long.

Prison camp , and worked to death

That skinny little sissy will end up as the sex toy for the derelicts once he gets to prison.  They won't find him at all tough without his gun and they will use and abuse him until he dies young of some terrible beating or disease. I don't think he realizes just how terrible God's punishment will be for him for what he has done.

Using him as an example could win any pro capital punishment debate...

He needs to file his side tooth down if he wants to do good in prison.

So sad that this kid has no idea what he has created for himself. No matter what changes come forward, he is in the miserable system for LIFE.

Weak minds are verry easily influenced by television.

He will be a fresh sweet #$%$ for Big Bubba. He will also be eating "Tossed Salad" for desert. Idiot does not understand the Pure hell he is going to face for the rest of his life.

Fry him.

I hope he gets raped, a lot.Make him wear that shirt in jail.....

Whatever happened to growing a pair of BALLS!!! And executing these pieces of worthless #$%$!! I mean really! Now the hard working tax payers are responsible for this #$%$!!! #$%$!!!

Would be nice to get "killer" T-shirts for everyone in the witness room to witness him getting executed. Unfortunately, the parents of these victims will spend about $40,000 a year to support him in prison......or at least until he takes that fateful shower with the wrong person, at the wrong time. Karma's a b***h.

They should haul his smirking, finger flipping a)s)s) out back of the courthouse and let the families have him.  Period.  Done.  No longer a threat to society and sets an example for the others that admire him and want to be like him.  We the tax payers are relieved of the debt of housing, feeding and clothing his sorry a)s)s).

"Eye for an eye"!!  the good book said ..what happened to that

Hope  he  enjoys  being    someone's  prison  #$%$.   LOL

May he rot in prison

Hey Killer, bend over. Your boyfriend wants you.

Yep this is the same young man they were calling for leniency, Imagine that. does anyone really believe he deserves it. Isn't death by lethal injection considered humane.And don't give me this #$%$ about not being able to execute people for crimes while commited while a minor.read this,The United States is one of few countries in the world where children can be tried as adults.The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, which forbids capital punishment for juveniles under article 37(a), has been signed by all countries and ratified, except for Somalia and the United States (notwithstanding the latter's Supreme Court decisions abolishing the practice). The UN Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights maintains that the death penalty for juveniles has become contrary to a jus cogens of customary international law. A majority of countries are also party to the U.N. International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (whose Article 6.5 also states that "Sentence of death shall not be imposed for crimes committed by persons below eighteen years of age...").So if the suopreme Court made the ruling Roper v. Simmons in 2005 outlawing  it then why hasn't the United States ratified this with the U.N.? Makes you wonder, doesn't it?

3 bullets to the head.Take him out in a plane over the pacific, and drop him off with a broken parachute.  Good luck.Worthless. We will spend $100k per year for him to live in a prison. Why?Death Penality is the only way

Excuse me Shelia, that fella from the gun tower RICHARD SPECK also bribed prison guards to obtain pot and a camera and filmed himself having sex with another inmate,doing various drugs and he talked SH## about everybody in the penal system and public at large. the world would have ben a better place if both he and this child had ben left at the bottom of a popcorn box at the drive in.'PHYSCOS ARE US WILL ALWAYS HAVE OPENNINGS

The court should just go Old Testament and rule for death by stoning (each family member takes turns hurling rocks at him until he dies). Then cremation and ashes thrown in the landfill with the rest of the garbage. If i would have been in that courtroom and he showed that shirt and giving me the finger the bailiff would have had a hard time trying to restrain me. I would have gave my best effort to pop his neck like twig.

And this hemorhoid will continue breathing air that some one could use for a much better purpose [like air up a bike tire ,  etc ] .

Remember that I said it here, first:years from now (assuming that he survives), he will reflect, and admit that he was wrong, and totally unreasonable.Not that it matters to the victims' relatives.I pray that with time, sweet memories will subdue their sorrows.

he will be a #$%$ MATE IN PRISION,he will be killed by someone in prision,

The victims families should decide his punishment.

He will spend his life as the wife of a three hunderd lb. tatooed muscle bound sadist. I hope!

Why was he even allowed in court with that T-shirt on. To only torture his victim's family more.

And it just keeps happening....we sweep in under the rug till next time....Why was he even allowed in court with that T-shirt on. To only torture his victim's family more.

Where is the death penalty when you need it?  Too bad that the stupid's of this country have mostly succeeded in getting rid of the death penalty.

tj lane needs to die a slow death and stop wasting our tax money on people like this for oncejust maybe this would the united state get out of debts faster and cut the president pay he sould make min. wages like us and spending our hard earn wages on vacation don't you think hard working people would like one but our wages don't go up so we can injoy life like a king like they do

Hope he gets to like "Drop the Soap" in prison.

What a pathetic excuse for a human who now lives the rest of his existance on taxpayer dime

maybe "Bubba' will sing to him late at night.enjoy your stay in Hell.

He'll have lots of time to masturbate....just after Big Bubba takes care of HIS needs!  How can a kid go so wrong?!  My thoughts and wishes are with the other victims.

No matter what the reasons for this crime, it is just another example of what has gone wrong in America!  Why or how ? I tend to think that even physicologist do not have the complete answers.  Today this act of cruelty seems to be a common occurence, why?  Please people we must come together as one nation to help one another.  In such cases, nobody wins!  Total loss all the way around.

Thats a quote to never forget , lol. Funny one.

Give him the Chair! He shows no remorse for what he has done and is mocking the parents as well as the entire legal system by wearing this shirt!this little badass wanneby ain't seen bad yet, but he will

Probably will fall down a few stairs while he is in prison.  Wait till he meets Bubba!

I can only hope that these sentences were consecutive...maybe they will allow his corpse to lay there and rot.

His B**CH #$%$ will be getting traded for a pack of grape jelly and pack of smokes.Why the state feels his life is too "precious" to put to death is beyond me. He should die.Maybe an inmate will succeed where the state has failed.

That boy is going to get his fudge packed tight.

We should learn from the way Russia controls their criminals..

....Real nice job of parenting, eh.?

The ACLU screwed society up for everybody.  Parents or teachers can displine their children or students without being thrown in jail or sued.  How do you discipline kids nowadays?  Take away their cell-phones, or their X-Box.

I would like to know what drugs he was taking for the psychosis and why the quack doctors are never charged. Most of these whacked out people have been getting drugs that don't work for years and then when they go postal, its like just oops not the doctors fault.

Put him in a cage and let him starve to deathLooks like another wife#$%$ to me. One of those big colored boys is sho nuff gonna  give him some loving  lol

I wish our Justice system will stop labeling everyone that kills as mentally disturbed.

GOOD RIDDANCE... SORRY @zzed POS!  I hope he feels the pain for the rest of his life that he inflicted on those children.  He doesnt even care about what he did.  If he was not a teenager then I would gladly give him a needle or better yet let the family of one of the victims shoot him and parylze him and leave him out in the woods for the vultures!

Mental illness, reclusive behavior and no friends are responsible....but the parents should feel the utmost responsibility for NURTURING AND creating this POS.

What is in the water in ohio

Thank god for guns.

In the "old days," sociopaths like Dillinger, Baby Face, Pretty Boy, et al, kllled their own kind or what they considered "self-defense" agaisnt law men out to "get them."  Now, we have the killers that kill innocent by-standers.  Is there something in the water now?

One less Republican voter.

oh yeah there you go, give him 3 life sentences... he'll suffer then.  No consequences to be feared of.  But I do feel like asking the question, once he's done with one life sentence who is going to carry out the other two?

Make him a Marine and send him overseas.A "Human Being", if that is what you want to call him, that shows no regret or remorse does not deserve to be on this earth!!  I agree with Anotherbroketaxpayer...let the families of the slain teenagers take the law into their own hands...we (us tax payers) should not have to support this #$%$ for the rest of his life!!

Can we now have gun control legislation people!  I'm sure his parents (were he got the gun) were the law abiding citizens that everyone is always talking about!

He needs prayer. Anyone can love there neighbor but who can love there enemy. It makes us no better than him to wish death on another.

anybody else think this kid looks like that w(gger #$%$ basketball player kraft on ohio state?

Please give us an updated article a yr after he has been in a real Prison with grown men.....bet his attitude will not be so full of hate what a sick waste of flesh and skin

Am I the only one who thinks he shouldnt be killed...come on killing him isnt going to bring these kids back...hes a youth as well we should be trying to correct his behavior..study it to prevent future youths from doing the same...more killing wont solve anything.

I looked at a ancestry printout from 1953 and 3/4 of the women listed in the white pages had "homemaker" next to their name for their occupation. What's happened to our society? Feminism happened! Homemaker became a dirty word. How dare a woman strive to be a mother and a homemaker, to raise good children. Suddenly, women had to have a career and this extra income resulted in higher household incomes. Well said society, people have more money so let's start jacking up the prices on goods and services. Now, to survive, both parents had to work, children fell to the wayside. A woman could have it all; a career and being a parent. Except what suffered was nurturing a good a decent family. Feminism has led us to where we are today.

funny all of you talking about prison you either been their and got raped or are talking out your #$%$ either way shut up because till you've been their you have no clue

it seems has severe mental issues. So this doesn't bother people?

Just shoot him now. Through the head. One bullet.Wow, statistics say that over 80% of Americans are Christians. By all the comments posted on here, that number is way too high. More like 2%. I say that because a Christian would never wish anything bad for this guy. Only love and forgiveness. C'mon clowns admit it...You're not followers of Christ, you're just fans.

violent video games prepareour future soldiers reflexes to operatesophisticated war machinesand desensitize youth toslaughter andmurderwhat you give is whatyou get

Not enogh prayer could help this kid, I don't pray at all...Why pray?  Why would a god let this nonsense happen?  If there was a god, this moron would have never been born...Chuck Darwin was right...I look up to the sky, I see clouds/stars, no divinity there

Whoa!!! holed on thar!!!!. Don't you people see it's the gun not this pitiful #$%$-sucking bottom feeder excuse of a human being... at least that's what Obama says.. it's the guns, not the people.. only one defense against someone who has a 10-round clip.... a 20-round clip...

This is what the death penalty is for,when you have positive 100 % proof(not circumstantial) sentence them to death, 30 days on death row, then bye-bye, this person and people like him are old enough and know right from wrong and have chosen their path. An eye for an eye, you willfully take life, then yours should be willfully taken from you. This was no accident.

This evil punk has no idea what is waiting for him in prison.  I am sure that smug smile will be wiped off his face and he will wish he received the death penalty when he gets to prison.  I hope these victims and families can now find a way to find peace. Sometimes justice is served.

Wonder what the f'in bleeding hearts got to say about this poor little kid with the rough upbringing have to say now!!Heck with the 3 life terms,how about 3 hrs locked in a room with the families with clubs.

His skinny little white #$%$ is going to make someone very happy in prison!!!

The label on his shirt will say #$%$ after he meets Bubba and the boys.

Just wait 70 years when they find out he's actually innocent.The capital punishment age for the death penalty needs to be lowered as well as the time to carry out the sentence as in cases like this, where there is no doubt of guilt.  Hang 'em, it ill teach 'em a lesson..

All of you sound like a #$%$ lynch mob. Everyone Has the capability to be a killer. Its very obvious why these things happen. Everyone becomes the person they are because of the environment they grow up in.  So why don't some of you people get mad at the social structure that let this go on in the first place.

Sounds like a very confused and mixed up group of  people filled with anger.  If they only knew how much they were loved and cared for they would never say and become these ugly people filled with hate.  Impossible to mix hate and love.  Let the hate go, it serves no good purpose and will never stop evil from happening.

He'll be crying for his mommy soon enough.

This dudes crazy!

I'm sooooooo HAPPY that this punk is going to be in jail!!! For what he did for the 3 students(killing them!!)..I hope he gets raped in jail.....&amp; I hope he burns in HELL 4 what he did

he says he doesnt know why he did it....well i think it was obvious, he had what he is written across his t-shirt and showed no remorse what so ever.....he did it for the simple reason he wanted to ... he has a lack of respect for authority and for life itself and proved that by his actions of shooting 3 young people that were defenseless to him as he hid behind a gun and by the lack of respect he showed in court ... i really dont understand what is wrong with these young kids that think they are big shots running around with guns .... i agree with the other comment that was made on here... "let's see how big and tough he is in prison" and lets hope he is shown no mercy when it comes time to stand before God

He is a little punk! I feel really bad for the families of his victims. To smirk while they are talking of their loved ones during the sentencing phase. It just doesn't make sense to me that even though he was only 17 at the time of the shooting, he was charged as an ADULT, but was not eligible for the death penalty. He will get his. He will have a shirt that says:BUBBA'S #$%$!!

I'm sure he'll still be smirking and smiling when those 300lb men are taking turns pounding his #$%$!!  He'll be someone's #$%$,... if not the #$%$ of many.  Hope it was worth it tough guy!!

If he was too young to be responsible fully, how about his parents and educators?You know they talk about gun control because of the these type of things but I wonder if there has ever been a study done to see how many of these people played to many video games

teenage white guys scare me

The next 25 years in prison are going to hurt him really bad.  In all the rear places.  He's too little to handle his 6'4" hardcore cellmate.

this punk does not deserve prison,eye for a eye,kill the little punk,he is only going to be somebodys #$%$ in prison,thats not good enought,we spent all this money and time on a killer so kill him.

His smirk only reveals his fear. He does not dare allow any to see it, least of all himself. My god, how lost?  I wonder if there is any in this world who can find compassion for this boy, knowing how his anger betrays his "tough" facade, moving him to still mock lost tender lives and those who loved them, destroyed three times over? Do we hate our babies so much that we allow itchy fingers on triggers to make life decisions for them in the hands of our other babies that we are too busy to love, to hold tight, and insure they know that THEY are safe, that THEY have nothing to fear, nor be angry about, and that THEY are our very heart?

I would think "My #$%$" would be written on his #$%$"

That smirk will be smacked right of his smug little ugly face within a day or 2.

Man, Do I hate liberals. Keep your Obama stickers on your cars for the next decade so we know who you are.

Stupid boy stupid boy your life is over, you will never be the same.. you will be a toy in prison stupid boy.. Good thoughts go out to the victims

That's just wrongHis new jail cell buddies will take care of him and I bet he wont be smiling then !

This is why people snap in courtrooms. I'd jump up, scratch his eyes out and hock a luggy in his face. And make him eat it.

O yea Mr Lane is going to the booty house!!!  she will make someone a cute little wife!....Bubba will be waiting

MEANWHILE,,,,GMO FOOD CAUSES TUMORS !!!!

this piece of dung deserves what he gave out and that isDEATH

His smile will be smacked off his face when he gets to prison. He will make a nice little prison #$%$. And then he will be crying for his mommy. Take your your medicine son!!!!!

MEANWHILE,,,,THERES FLUORIDE N OUR WATER !!!!!

When he hits jail he was receive a tattoo on his butt which will read "Property of Tyrone".This kid is pretty skinny and there are some bad cats in jail that will chew him up and spit him out, but he is smug and uncaring so it will be karma.

CUT OFF HIS HANDS!!!!!!!!!!!

Oh how I'd like to be there to witness karma sodomize this waste of life!please put him in a cell with a real monster.it is the least you can do.

A person like this does not deserve to live in a prison he should be put through the worst hell imaginable for the rest of his life, and jail isn't bad enough for a person like this. The things that he should have to go through for what hes done should be unimaginable. Not to mention what kind of awful person he is. I hope he enjoys his life sentence, because that's much too easy on him.

It's easy to play tough in county jail. Wait till he he hits the max pods. He will end up in Lebanon, Mansfield, Toledo, Trumbull or lucasville. Their is nothing to smile about in those places. He's going to get burnt up before he knows what hit him. I had a cousin that did a bid in mansfield. When a young small whiteboy like that gets there, he will be spit roasted in a week. That is nothing to smile about

Life?  .45 to the brain stem and save the taxpayer tons of money.

hes a bad bad little boy,i served my time and i'm happy to be out and i obey all laws now,but i will share with you he will be one sorry little boy when he goes behind that wall then he will see what bad is......

What went wrong with this kid?  Imagine it being your child suffering from the problems they claim he has and finding himself in this position.  I lost a son to a terrible death.  This would be worse.  After reading below, all I can say is, Jesus, we live in a cruel society.  I hope none of you lose a child to anything other than old age.  America is one of only a few of the third-world nations left that give minors life in prison.  At his age I found myself in Vietnam where I took the lives of several young men.  When I came home I had the attitude of kill them all and let God sort out the good ones.  After losing my son I began to live in a prison within myself for things I did. The chickens came home to roost.  Those boys I killed were someone's children.  Was my child taken because I took someone else's?  Nothing good came out of that, and nothing good came out of this young man killing others either.  His punishment is not something to be celebrated.  It is something to be mourned along with morning the death of those he killed.  Don't hate, because it could be you who next who faces horrors beyond comprehension that destroy your life.   I'm glad I'm old and don't have to put up with this place much longer.  I leave it to you bad#$%$ know-it-all's.

Real tough guy huh? The inmates will really love this cute freckled face kid.. I see lots of diapers in his future..

He took the lives of innocent people and now he gets to sit in a cell until he is carried out in a pine box.   And at 18 years of age he will have many decades to think about what he did.  And the prisoners will love the fresh, young face to pass around after lights out.  HAHAHAHAHA!!!

hope you like it in the sss

IT wouldn't surprise me if hes  from one of those "FAMILY VALUES"  upbringing  where all those  evil bible thumping  Christians  talk about . one mother one  father  etc....and read that book of filth  called the bible  where MURDER  rape and incest are ALL condoned.another young man life is thrown away for his 2 min fame.. he will repent himself within an week.. when reality hits that he will spend the rest of his life on a cell 8x8.. mom wont be their to cuddle him no more.

Looks like SOMEbody needs to take a nap!

Somebody, anybody, dunk this excuse for a human into the chlorine pool.

Laugh... how smug he looks there gonna eat him for breakfast in prison... jeez.. seriously he looks about 12... this kid is gonna be passed around on a platter!!!

hes going to be a twink in prison lol, try not to squeal in the showers kid

What a wasted life.  You never know whether your neighbors teenage kid is evil or not.  Too much on Xbox 360 stuff.

You all have the nerves to ask why your kids are out of control; it is bebcause of YOU. You all are to Mean@ full of Hate and your kids are watching You and picking up the same bad habits.

These comments are despicable. Do all of you take some sort of perverse pleasure in prison sex and violence? What is wrong with you people?I would like to know the back story on this 18 year old. Who beat him up as a kid? Who? Where are his parents? What does Jack Nolan, his grandfather, know? There is more to this story.

This is more that SICK,This Boy is a killer who should pay but the sad thing is the tax payers will be paying for his room and board for the next 70 years if he lives that long..My heart goes out to the families who's childeren were killed or hurt...Sad Sad Sad.......

He needs prayer. It makes us no better than he to wish death on another. He will pay the ultimate price in the end.I feel nothing but sadness for all of those persons whose lives have been forever termniated or negatively altered. All any of us on the outside looking in can do is pray that God will grant courage to those most hurt by these pain filled tragedies.

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory". Probably the most badass thing I have ever heard. Bravo, young fella. Bravo.

he'll be crying like a pussy on his first day in prison when he gets gang banged. little piece of shit! hope he does not die easily in prison so he could feel his punishment till his death! it's better for him to suffer than to die easily!

I am Pro 2nd amendment all the way!  One thing that should be brought out immediately is what drugs was the perp on and where and how did he lay his hands on the gun...These are to vital to not broadcast...Was the shooter of the 26 on drugs?  What Drug if so...No one gets on the questions that could solve the next shootings...Our sick president and elderly mostly liberal congress are too chicken to go after the facts instead of going after guns that have no voice...If only they could speak...

Here is another case of a legally owned gun that killed people. We need more gun control!!! (sarcasm)It has nothing to do that he is a  SMF,    that we get to pay for with tax dollars. Since he has been tried he should be put on the drone target practice range

only w      h      i        t      e           people commit crimes like this.

We should just kill people like T.J. People like him have no place on this earth and should just be taken outside and shot. A bullet is cheaper and more effective. :)

This is one of the valid reasons for abortion.

According to the left it's not his fault, he is the victim of society giving him a bad hand and the gun forced him to pull the trigger. What a nut case Jesus, and then to have the audacity to say that to the families of the slain kids he didn’t even know? Crazy much?

He was feeling the DEVIL'S BREATH!He does not remember shooting anyone because he was under the influence of the DEVIL'S BREATH!

OHIO Remember the JUDGE - David L. Fuhry - He could have stopped this slime from spitting on the families of the victims!!!    REMEMBER AT ELECTION TIME

His mom  and dad both voted for Obama.

I think the poor kid is mentally ill. Did court consider that also before sentencing him

BIG Willy will take care of him very quickly in prison.

right man shoot those kids lol yall bunchs a #$%$ cant a little blood dude colubine was why worse

He was able to realize that there is no point in life. He did what he needed to end that cycle. Good for him. While most 18 year olds are scratching their heads and wondering what to do with their lives. T.J on the other hand will no longer have to worry about the mundane things that average people think about, he is no longer running the rat race. Good for you T.J. you gave purpose to yourself, the victims, and the tax payers. We sincerely thank you!

If he has hallucinations, fantasies and obviously doesn't understand his future, he is insane and needs to be hospitalized. The courts are required to be neutral, not seeking vengeance and this was vengeance not justice.

That's what those 3 idiots get for bullying that poor kid. They got what they deserved and you and your children will too if you people dont learn to raise your kid right.

Seriously people? It's obvious this kids mentally distraught. No sane person would do this.Smiled and flipped off the victim's families, lol, cool.

Common sense dictates , just remove the guns in the general population and you will have no shooting news everyday. NRA wants more guns, then you will have more unnecessary deaths everyday.

He would be elgible for the death penalty here in GA and would likely get it. This one is pure evil and has forfeited his right to live.

Poor kid. I feel sorry for him. Too bad he is so young and will be in prison the rest of his life... bummer dude... Maybe he can tattoo his eyeballs red....

Who allowed him the magic marker, and who was suppossed to be watching him?  How did he get the chance to write on his shirt?  Hope he likes the smell of Vaseline!

Everyone enjoys the misery of others. Shame on you all. He is obviously a very disturbed young man that needs help not condemned to the horrible things you are wishing upon him.  As humans beings we should NOT pay evil with evil. The Word says, I will curse those that curse you and will bless those that bless you.  I bless Nate that as he dwells where society in their infinite twisted wisdom has placed him that he will come to know about the love of the Lord Jesus Christ, who actually already paid for the wrongs Nate has done, be saved and receive the grace of God that will keep him safe from all calamity. May the Lord grant each of you a thousand times what you are wishing upon Nate. Micah 6:8

Such a sad story. I want to hate him, even put him to death. But then I think, he's just a child. A sick dimented child. I wish I could heal the victims, and somehow him. It can't be undone though.

This would have never happened if we had gun control

If only we had another gun law..certainly that would have stopped him

People, demon possesion is real! He is totally helpless and lost. God allowed his birth into this world. He made the choice to do this horrible act and most be held accountable. Pray for the loss of the families and this lost child.The boyz that form the Ohio DOC have all taken numbers for their meet and greet with this young man.  He will have his own fan club for many years.

if   he   s    black  he   gets    6mths   probation

100% chance the kids he shot made his life hell and picked on him for being different and never had a word said to them by teachers. Bullys are getting what they deserve in most of these cases.

His action was a reaction,,,from a action,,,,,,some kids were #$%$ with him,,,so he taught them a lesson in violence,,,,,

This kid belongs in a state mental hospital not prison. I bet this kid doesn't have money, because when crazy rich people lose it they go to a mental hospital, when crazy poor people lose it they go to prison or death row.

prison men love 'em young and tender!!!

Give it a year, he'll have his hair in pig tails, shirt tied in a knot, and red kool-aid on his lips.

Ask yourself "Do people just pick anybody in a crowd , at such an impressionable age , to kill ".Or maybe , just maybe , this was another kid that people stood and watched get bullied and said or did nothing , to the point where he got fed up and decided he couldn't take it anymore . These type of things can be prevented , but society has this boys will be boys attitude . We're not animals living in a Darwinist Society ; Or are we ?

either kill him, or let those that want him in prison for life pay for it, filling prisons with people for the rest of their life is stupid, and costly, I say kill em, a cheap 22 mag. to the brain.. done, and done cheap...

Will love to know, when this waste of oxygen, becomes the little girl friend of a big boy namedKiller in prison..All they have to do is add a S at the end of Killer and finishes with little girl..Then see if he has a smirk on his face .....Enjoy your 3 life sentences in your cell ....If he would of just done some LOL's and smiley faces he would have got off scott free.  Thats all you need to do if you threaten someone now.

the criminal should get what the victim(s) got

yea your going to look real tough when your getting bent over in those Ohio prisons

A true waste of O2

When he goes to prison he is going to be someone's bit*h!!!!!!!!!!!

Creepy. Downright chilling. What a psycho.

What?It doesn't say the punk used an "Assault Weapon"? Shocked,shocked I say!

Once again had he been black the comments below would be ENTIRELY different as to why the color of his skin automatically makes him a criminal and that no one is surprised because that's what all black males do. Well I'm not surprised because all of these mass school shootings have been committed by white boys. Whatever Yahoo KKK commentators. He's a pos that is now living off of my worked for it dime....

This kid has style. He's not afraid to speak his mind.

Loughner/Lane GOP 2016!!!!Well we will read another story about this Punk. It will be in the Obits.

i just wanna shot the smirk right off his #$%$ face no respect at all...... maybe death is to easy for him hope he gets put in gen pop and gets raped and #$%$ and beat everyday but knowing or good old justice system he will get special #$%$ care treatment and be on the side with the people who dont care

bubba is going to have a use for that hand other than killing innocent kids he will have a new memory

What's going on with Ohio high schools?!

Lane was reported to be a "victim" of bullying.  The high schoolers were mild for the bullying he will receive for the rest of his miserable life.

Good point levelheaded. I am certain he is smiling knowing he will be a good wife to some prison gang.Actually I bet he wimps and goes into protective custody. Writes "killer" on his shirt but is no doubt a punk! In prison they won't be unarmed students and he won't have a gun. His nickname will be "bendover"

He's so scrawny, he's gonna be someone's b*tch in prison and will get the #$%$ beat outta him on a daily basis.

Look at all the soon to be killers here, you condemn this kid but then go on to say he needs to be killed?? how are you people better than him??? you arent' grow up! buy your kids trendy cloths so they can pick on more kids and get shot

Hey Ohio, I've got a cheaper solution!  I'll let you borrow my rifle.  I'll even donate a few cartridges.

The face of U.S. terrorism. White privilege.....hope someone keeps copies of this lil wussy's courtroom outburst for when (or if) he should ever get a parole hearing.  There is always some sniveling, feel-sorry-for-the killer lawyer who will try to show the court how his client deserves to get out.  Worse yet,  Amnesty International or Innocent Project will try to argue that this cowardly loser didn't get a fair trial and is really INNOCENT!  Send this kid to a Somalian, Afghani, or Thailanese craphole prison....see how brave he gets there.  He'll make someone a nice lil prison bride!!!!!

Hope he finds God while in prison.

He is so obviously sick. Too bad for the families he destroyed. He should have never been walking the streets in the first place.

Obviously a very disturbed and unbalanced person who needs to be institutionalized.  Not sure jail is the correct setting though.  Very sad situation

this kid is damaged!!!!!!

3 Life sentences??  Which means he will get out in 10 years! Court system is a joke!

Bottom line is in one PICTURE he looked as if he knew he would endure the inside jail life just to write a book/TV deal and have the respect, at least inside, if not on the outside.

You can use the picture with the smirk on his face as the poster child for gun control.

Will the government ban .22 caliber pistols and knives because of this?

we still pray for the ones  who are sick  and insane.Cool dude. I hope he got jocks and bullys.

I feel no mercy or empathy for cold blooded killers. Too bad Ohio and all 50 states are not for the death penalty. These kind of people don't deserve any kind of a life or the right to smile &amp; smirk at the victims family. He is about as evil as they get.

Obama did it rite?

Hello BuBu bye bye T.J

I hope big bubba takes care of him the first day.  This little punk needed to get the death penalty no matter of what age

finally someone who doesn't give a #$%$ with a backbone and doesn't bawl out in tears in court

So Ohio residents are going to pay millions of dollars a year in taxes to keep him in jail for the next 70 years, or Ohio could execute him this year to save taxpayer $$'s for the next 70 years. Then again I could be wrong he will be out in 5 years to commit more crimes that other prisoners taught him to commit. Take Texas attitude, use the Death Penalty early and often. My prayers go out to the victims family and friends.  I will give Ohio credit they have had a busy week convicting criminals.

He needs Jesus...and I don't mean Jesus in prison.

He is innocent until proven guilty people!!!

Akin/Loughner GOP 2016!!!!!Palin/Lane GOP 2016!!!!!!

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory,"LOL THAT'S AWSOME!!! LMAO ROFL!!!

I hope he gets butt #$%$ in prison.

poor kid was probably tormented for years by the d-bags that he shot.  He finally fights back, and now has to live out his life in prison.

Sad but true story....A little league down in Illinois raffled off an AR-15 to raise money for the teams....great news if your favorite part of baseball is seeing kids get "picked off"....GO NRA GO!!!

my buddy's mother-in-law makes $65 hourly on the internet. She has been laid off for 7 months but last month her pay check was $19252 just working on the internet for a few hours. Read more here buzz45.comONLY

Holmes/Lane GOP 2016!!!!!!

He is a #$%$,and he will get whats "cumming" to him in the joint but...gotta give the kid some "credit" if u will, for being pretty damn "ballsy" for doing that in court.

God I love his quote!

Omg, his one sentence, is amazing. That #$%$ should be a quote! Rofl..Where did America go wrong? Maybe by listening to a 200 something year old piece of paper about militias and guns, or maybe by believing all of the false, profiteering slogans of the NRA and the gun lobby based on this 200 and something year old dodo bird law? Or, does this stem from the evil, materialistic Hollywood culture? Where did America go wrong?

"The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said, then cursed at and gestured obscenely toward the victims' relatives.HAHAHAAAAA that was pretty funny.!!!  Awesome last stand.

Another obvious parent fail!!!!!

Lol, everyone is talking "feces" about him from the safety of their home and anonimity, but I'm sure you wouldn't say it to his face if he wasn't handcuffed. I'm not defending him, but I enjoy speaking the truth.

Not enough. This motherf***** needs a centimeter of each limb being cut off with a wooden spoon every month.

Ask yourself "Do people just pick anybody in a crowd , at such an impressionable age , to kill ".Or maybe , just maybe , this was another kid that people stood and watched get bullied and said or did nothing , to the point where he got fed up and decided he couldn't take it anymore . These type of things can be prevented , but society has this boys will be boys attitude . We're not animals living in a Darwinist Society ; Or are we ?

hope you like tube steak and #$%$ pound cake you loser!

Word of caution to the American public:  This is what we see happening now in our society when you remove religion and discipline from our schools.  We are now seeing the ramifications of that in these types of behaviors from young kids.  I was brought up to respect my elders and authority with religious principles taught to me of right and wrong, morals and ethics.  My parents also made me accountable for my actions where I had to answer to authority if I did something wrong.  This is deplorable, and we will see more and more of this happening with the deterioration of our society allowing these two things removed from our schools and learning environments.

Is this little white sweet kid not a thug i just dnt see the comments i would see if this little white sweet kid...was black

typical lib!!!But when soldiers in Iraq kill kids, we call them heroes and give them medals.

By THOMAS J. SHEERANCHARDON, Ohio (AP) — Wearing a T-shirt with "killer" scrawled across it, a teenager cursed and gestured obscenely as he was given three life sentences Tuesday for shooting to death three students in an Ohio high school cafeteria.T.J. Lane, 18, had pleaded guilty last month to shooting at students in February 2012 at Chardon High School, east of Cleveland. Investigators have said he admitted to the shooting but said he didn't know why he did it.Before the case went to adult court last year, a juvenile court judge ruled that Lane was mentally competent to stand trial despite evidence he suffers from hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies.Lane was defiant during the sentencing, smiling and smirking throughout, including while four relatives of victims spoke.After he came in, he calmly unbuttoned his blue dress shirt to reveal the T-shirt reading "killer," which the prosecutor noted was similar to one he wore during the shooting.At one point, he swiveled around in his chair toward the gallery where his own family members and those of the slain teenagers were sitting and spoke suddenly, surprising even his lawyer."The hand that pulls the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said, then cursed at and raised his middle finger toward the victims' relatives.A student who was wounded in the rampage dismissed the outburst."He said it like a scared little boy and couldn't talk slow enough that anyone could understand him," said Nate Mueller, who was nicked in the ear in the shooting.Dina Parmertor, mother of victim Daniel, called Lane "a pathetic excuse for a human being" and wished upon him "an extremely, slow torturous death." She said she has nightmares and her family has been physically sick over the crimes."From now on, he will only be a killer," she said, as Lane's smile widened. "I want him to feel my anger toward him."Prosecutors say Lane took a .22-caliber pistol and a knife to the school and fired 10 shots at a group of students in the cafeteria. Daniel Parmertor and Demetrius Hewlin, both 16, and Russell King Jr., 17, were killed.Lane was at Chardon waiting for a bus to the alternative school he attended, for students who haven't done well in traditional settings.Lane had pleaded guilty last month to three counts of aggravated murder, two counts of attempted aggravated murder and one count of felonious assault.Life imprisonment without parole was the maximum sentence Lane faced. He wasn't eligible for the death penalty because he was 17 at the time of the shootings. Relatives of the slain students indicated earlier they wanted Lane to get the maximum sentence.

You have to wonder what kind of animals his parents are. I don't believe children are born this evil, they have to be made that way.

Fire up "ole Sparkey" and light him up.  That is all he deserves.