He was a scam artist, a fraud, all his life. He cared enough about his daughter to pull off that kidnapping stunt, that contradicts classical psychopathic behavior. So, as of yet, what the prosecution offers is thin, very thin. It would have been better if they would have done their homework first.

i knew that there was something fishy here.....

If you're going to impersonate someone, make sure they're not wanted for murder first. Jeeeez... shoulda done some homework.

How novel to blame someone who is dead.  Pile up the evidence, if found guilty consider have him joining his wife.

Waste of time and MONEY !

Robert Hassan /1/ John Sohus was killed 2/ Wife was missing3/ It was not Right 4/ Linda Sohus as the killer of her husband 5/ She killed him and left with some one 6/Gerhartrreiter is mentally ill,7/After her disappeared Series of Post card from  Linda Sohus sent to friends and family from Europe 8/ Every women is dreaming One day they will be in  Paris 9/ She was one of a kind

She's dead.  You gotta' love lawyers...

I'll bet this dude has been killing people for many years.

I hope these jurors have better sense than the ones at Casey Anthonys trial!

This clown needs to go downSo, has dna evidence shown the "bag of bones" to be the person they claim was murdered?  What connects the defendent to the "bag of bones" other than the fact he lived in the area?  Why is he being tried, and not the other neighbors?Is there even any evidence?  Other than the strange story of the licked stamp dna which matches nobody, and the fact that someone who has traveled has postcards in a storage shed.Sounds like a waste of taxpayer $$$$

guilty as charged

Some jury pools are pretty lame, this might work.

3RD paragraph:The prosecution's opening statement offered no suggestion of a motive for the 1985 killing. It focused instead on the many identities and fabulous assertions of a man who posed for decades as Clark Rockefeller.In other words, the prosecution is on a fishing expedition, most likely someone wants to run for mayor.

sounds legit

Here in Wisconsin it is apparently a mothers Right to get her child high, according to the State appointed Childs Attorney Debra Fohr, the presiding Judge in the case, Fredrick C. Rosa was informed about it and did not deny it.  I have contacted the Congressmen and women and still no denial.  I guess the mothers of Wisconsin have a new "Right".

It could have been Elvis or DB Cooper or................