You want consensus?  Tell them the US will stop writing checks to them.  Morsi is the biggest stumbling block, but he continues to fight anything anti islam all the while the US pours billions into their economy.

The U.N. plans to send Personal Defense Weapons to all good women worldwide in order to help protect them against violent rapists?  Excellent idea!

I was always taught that a man who hits woman,won't go on corner and hit man. I live in old Italian neighborhood when they moved they took law and order with em,I now battle ho's and their managers on a daily basis. I have had to beat a managers rear for beating a woman in front of my house,the idiot wouldn't stop. The guy spit in my face and told me I was disrespecting him by getting in his business,I stomped him till the police got there. I am so sick of lowlifes pushing around women,I have learned to despise managers of ho's!

....it's like OPEC. Everyone agrees to a certain price and then everyone goes home and cheats. Same with UN resolutions...they don't have any force behind them.

I hate to be the cynic here but I think that this will have the completely opposite effect.Particularly those nations with a fundamentalist presents just to prove they can with impunity.

What good will it do.... they'll still treat 'em like they normally do ---- behind 'closed doors'........ !!!

muslim extremist will never follow this.they will claim as aways that it violates the korans teaching

Ooh, a 'UN Resolution' what a 'wonderful tool'. LMAO, only those so predisposed will pay ANY attention to such a thing.It takes will, not a useless bit of paper, to change entire philosophies.

Violence is taught in the home.

The UN ... spelled: UN .... pronounced: "un" .... that pretty much says it.The U.N.? just what are they going to do? The U.N. is as useless as Teats on a bull dog...NOTHING will be achieved except some publicity.

The UN is a bunch of corrupt people looking for respecteability at individual national expence.

Well, good luck stopping muslims treating women like dirt

Another UN resolution that will just generate a plethora of middle fingers.  The UN is useless.

Name one thing that the United Nations have had an actual effect on since its inception. Increasing the sales volume at New York restaurants doesn't count.

our President says he wants American women to fight to the death against men in military combat so our women are exempt from any protection, he says they don't need it

Consensus means that you agree in principle and can live with the decision, but it does not mean that you will implement it.

The idea that this occurred is at least a good thing. Is it energy wasted? Yes, for anyone expecting an immeadiate change. Factually, when it comes to reproductive freedoms, the USA and its stupid Anti-Abortion Killers and lawbreakers violate it. The fact of change occurring over time in different countries at different paces but at least the issue has been. The first step to change.

So, they're banning Islam huh? (:

im a mussie...and what i say goes...my "wife" had betterserve me well...or ka-pow!No morons from the U.N. isgunna change the WAY IT IS....no one!"It clashed with Islamic principles" pretty much points out the plan will accomplish little.

OH NO, THE WORLD HAS ENDED! Oh, wait, I'm not Muslim and I don't live in the Middle East. Never mind, my bad!

Waste of money because any U.N. effort will be as effective as their "peacekeeping force".

How the UN usually works is they won't do anything about South American girls being sold into the sex slave business or the Muslim countries killing women because they were raped. They will beat on the Repubs that think women should buy their own birth control pills.

So it's an Islamic principle to have violence against women. That's very telling. Well the part about them openly admitting it is.

The world cannot achieve a social equilibrium, if there is no equality of men and women

Just read a news article on Drudge - "Egypt warns giving women some rights could destroy society..." (Gee thanks Barack)

Condemning violence and stopping violence are two separate things.  Until laws are put in place and enforced nothing is going to change.

the UN "stamp of approval" means the US taxpayer will foot the bill

Screw the U.N. It should be abolished.Why are they inserting right to abortion in a bill that is supposed to be about preventing violence against women and girls? Abortion is a seperate issue, and should be dealt with on the local level. Also, it should be a bill for women and children, not women and girls. Or do they not realize that boys become sex slaves also?

Agreed too and written on paper is one thing, put into action is quite another. Only time will tell how this will play out in the Middle East.

the UN is pretty toothless. i'd like to see how they'd go about enforcing this plan...

Since every initiative the UN takes on has such a great track record, we will soon have to step over dead and mutilated women all over the place. The UN is an utter failure at everything it does.

The UN is the most useless, corrupt international organization since the League of Nations. That worked out real well, didn't it. A nuke to Davos is the cure.

End the subjucation of women, end Islam!

waste of time and money.  korea is still at war 63 years later,  GO UN,   what a job.

that's a joke right, they are so against anything westernized

So there will be sanctions against Saudis/Taliban/Wahhabis/Al Q women abusers?

Very commendable BUT now the U.N. has to enforce it.it's gonna have the force of the un behind it. ha ha ha.

Exactly what is a "conservative muslim" nation???

This is terrible news for women. Everything the UN does is backasswards, violence against islamic women will explode.

Only the Muslims/Islamists ... backward 14th. century crazies !

Of course the Muslim brotherhood is against this.  If they agreed how could they explain that the founder of their cult, Muhammad, had 10 wives, one of which was 9 years old.

Good for you and there should of been a Part included insisting that all Women should be Trained in the Art of Defense against any Persons who dare Raise their fist to the Tune of Religious Madness.

Dont hold your breath women.

So then we will reinvade Pakistan right! Of course the Muslim Brotherhood would reject fair treatment of women and children; they are the guilty party, da a big fat da!

i think its funnywhen you talk to a muslim about the way women are treated in their countries they will tell you of all these rights women have WRITTEN in the koranbut if you ask them to back these up with laws and stuff they will react with how its destroying their family values and how it goes against islamic principles

The U.N. is nothing but a soapbox for the third world to vent their hate for America It's past time to get the U.S. out of the U.N., and the U.N. out of the U.S.good luck in Muslim countires

No mention of a resolution preventing forced marriages (rape,) of little girls. No mention of sexual slavery. No mention of criminal prosecution of predators, rapists, and those who beat, torture or kill females. No penalties for counties who fail to act to protect women and children. Another piece of paper that is worthless.

Don't be surprised if some Alibabas deliver an IED to the UN. Dealing with tribal peoples who are 200 to 500 years behind the majority of global society requires more than a UN pronouncement.

Pushing abortion in such a plan is interesting, given the estimate that when you include countries like India and China, there are something close to 200 million fewer girls than boys that have been allowed to be born over the years because of sex selection.  At the same time, this is what the UN is best at, since it fails spectacularly at its intended mission.

UN! you sponser the very people that treat women like cattle, muslim broterhood, al queda and taliban you bunch of fake hypocrites

So it is written, so let it be done...next issue to resolve? Global Gun ban?

Catholic countries approved abortion? Are they run by the Church? Which ones? If the countries approved this against the will of the religious leaders then it doesn't sound correct. This is poor journalism.

and when muslim countries tell you to pound sand, what are you going to do?

The UN?!!!  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA......AHHHHHHHH  ha ha ha ha ha ha. The UN!!!   Bet they'll appoint Bill Clinton  to a committee....HA HA HA HA!!!!

I suppose it's a start.  The only thing that will free enslaved Muslim women is conversion.......to ANYTHING else.I was under the impression that conservative's are people who have higher moral standards or want to impose their moral standards on other people thus they would not support giving women equal rights. Which is what conservative Muslims want to do. In addition, the UN cannot impose any kind of standard on any country whether or not they agree with the document.

When they poled men about men beating up wives, they almost universally said, "she probably deserved it"  Then they asked men in the college, what about a man beating up another man, in discusting bullys.  They said, "that is unacceptable, and he should go to jail."Men in America are not that different than muslim countries as we would like to think.They personally do not feel it is wrong to abuse women.  Where it is unacceptable to do so to another man.

Mallarkey!!

So the U.S. rep could only think to use this moment as a soapbox for a general LGBT shout out.  Okay.  Allow me to retort with two issues that could use some specific attention in the good ol' U.S. of A.Colleges and unversities across the nation continue to underreport rape and control (if not silence) rape victims... often with blunt threats dressed up in legalese.  The latest example to catch the media's attention was out of NC, but this is tactic used by colleges and universities across the U.S.A.Even though every state has laws on the mandated reporting of child abuse and neglect, some sacred cows (and their cheerleaders) seem to believe they are above the law.  And when exposed, not much seems to be done to these entities when they willfully choose not to report.  If you stuck with me this far, take a guess as to who these folks are.

Words on a piece of paper are meaningless.Does one now think the muslim beasts will toe the "expected norm" when it comes to females because 131 countries agreed to ratify those words??The world...full of idiots.

The un should divide and move to Egypt, Iran, and NK

If this plan works like all of the rest of the UN PLANS, it will never work!!!! The UN is as meaningless as a blank sheet of paper!

Even unenforceable, this is a heck of a statement. This Tallawy is one strong, brave lady.

Just give all of the women CCW permits. Simple

Fall short of telling member states who do not follow the declaration to quit the UN and  be branded pariah states.And yet 0bama is sending money and weapons to the muslim brotherhood and others. The very people, who, not only perpetuate, but support this type of violence. Go figure?

If any country doesn't treat woman as an equal they should never receive any aid whatsoever!

Arab Spring, yeah right. Next?

"Conservative Muslim and Roman Catholic countries" allow abortion????

The united nations is about as useless as mammary glands on a boar

The REAL war on women - Obama aiding Muslim "rebels" takeover of relatively moderate governments in the Mideast and Africa

If they will just give those small 35 pistols all that rape and violence and stoning around the world will stop.  Simple solutions for simple problems.  Not talking about assault rifles, just those little 5 shot 38s that women carry in a purse or pocket.

They can start right here in us crooked cops sheriffs &amp; their  drug gangs and a group of        had a 91 year old lady run over then finished off halloween thanks to her jealous psyco pathic enemies in ny &amp; durham nc all wanting to be like the bugged out red necks ect

If conservative muslim men are forced from their totalitarian control of women it will represent a great revolution in the muslim world. A revolution the conservative forces will fight tooth and nail. It will make these conservative forces hate the West for its influence even more (if that is possible), So assuming they are already at the 100% hate for the West stage, this revolution might serve to diminish the effectiveness of their jihad against the West. If, instead,  it inspires millions more conservatives to fight it could well backfire.

If this plan matches the UN's past records of sucess, I wouldn't give up my guns if I were you, ladies.Now if only we can get the Republicans in the U.S. to sign on to it.

Great now you have ink on paper, you feel better. You have zero authority to enforce anything, this could have been written on toilet paper!

childbirth pain can also kill you if it takes too long or you don't have understanding helpful persons there who 'titter' or demean you with their remarks such as 'she's fighting the pain' or this being a ploy to discredit a woman before her child is born.  childbirth pains like migraine headaches can make you very sick at your stomach &amp; throw up.

These people in Egypt are just like the people in charge of Germany in the 30s they want to slowly control everyone with force and if you disagree well thats not an option.

Remember this, we are about to face Muslim laws in this country. And it is funny that so many women voted for it. Wait till they start having to cover them selfs, and become property, what a loss of rights, and with Obamas gun control, what are they going to do then? Obama has said he is going to stand by the Muslims when that wind blows.

So they reverse it and create movies like Twilight Breaking Dawn 2 where the girl vampires tear mens heads off in the end.Outstanding !!!!Thats the spirit

Did the UN call this the "Bil Clinton Law"?

I really like what Egypt's representative did,though I think the resolution is really just posturing,the Brotherhood will continue to oppress woman and feel threatened by them.

Congratulations  to  the   Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood  on proving  why  every  single  Muslim  country  that is not  drowning in oil  is a  #$%$ hell  hole.

Liberalism for women makes the fetus an enemy of women worldwide! UN should instead focus more in preventing rape and white slavery, then educate women against promiscuity and irresponsible pregnancy while promoting the value of the family.All those that would commit violence against women beware. The UN is going to write you a stern, no make it a *really* stern letter.

The UN needs to pass a 2nd Amendment Resolution for women.

U.N. doesn't that stand for Untited Notions because they were all united in the notion that Uncle Sap should support it. It is the enemy of freedom and needs to be shipped OUT of the USA and the building then fumigated and made into low or no rent apartments for our veterans.

No law can really free women from domestic violence,  but changng the upbringing of young girls can. If one goes on dating websites and put two different profiles, one a damsel on distress needing to be rescued type and one a strong secure woman the one that gets a response is the damsel in distress. Women are trained from the time they are toddlers that their lives depend on a prince or knight to rescue them. Everything in Disney princess films tells young girls their lives may be bad now, but some strange guy they only met once at a ball, will rescue them and they'll live happily ever after. But women should be taught as girls, that they need to be strong enough to rescue the prince or knight and to never feel dependant on anyone. It is the dependancy emotionally more than economically, that starts and continues the cycle of abuse.

Is there a video to explain Libya's vote?

Its sad that there needs to be laws in place to protect women and girls.. im glad i was raised to treat a woman like a queen.. unless she was a royal pain in the butt, than just ignore her.. if possible...

This is just like the promises democrats make.REDICULOUS.

Next perhaps they can target violence against unborn children.  60 million horribly murdered in the US alone since 1973. 60 MILLION !!!! Let me drill a hole in your skull, or boil you in a saline bath, or just snap your spine, or rip you limb from limb. Now that is VIOLENCE!!!!

There are 202 officially recognized nations in the world today. 192 of them are members of the United Nations. There are currently 50 nations today that have a majority Muslim population, and 9 more that are a third to a half Muslim population. Only a small group of Muslim nations have elections, and only a handful of those have elections that can be considered even remotely “legitimate.” There are currently 6 Communist nations in the world, and no Communist nation allows its people to vote for its leadership. This means, counting other nations that are run by dictatorships or monarchies, about a third of all the nations represented in the United Nations are run by unelected leaders (or illegitimate ones that have fixed elections). Because the United Nations does not discriminate against any nations by the form of government they have, the vote of any country that has a legitimately elected government that represents the will and desire of its people can be canceled out by the single vote of any nation that is run by a dictatorship which represents not the will of its people but one individual. Which means, in the U.N. a vote that represents the will of millions of people can be canceled out by a vote that represents the will of one man. The very non-discriminatory nature of the rules that govern the United Nations gives an unfair advantage to unelected dictatorships. While democratically-elected governments are held accountable for the decisions they make, dictatorships are accountable to no one, so they are free to vote any way they like even if their very own people are harmed by those policies. By nature, dictatorships will always rule selfishly, be unfair, and highly corrupt. This is the reason why the United Nations must be abolished!

if you're in the city proper, are not set up for anything much except courts, record keeping, central shipping, short term sustenance, short term gas/mechanics.  the risk of getting shot for trespassing or acting up is higher than getting professional help.  most locals off job are happy to help you to defray 'charges' over being responsible.non violence is good; if there's a bad situation, derogatory, meaningless, attention getting scenes are not going help with a cure.  city living which equates to all holding persons in the local zipcode instead of expediting an expected action to transport them through the system to elsewhere.

you can smoke, don't inhale, still complete a need to exchange the value in the product.

how about rebuilding your filthy freaking mouths.  sales i suspect have their own customers, or at least a 'shell' of some sort of income even if it's paying yourself which account for quite a number of jobs probably half.  this constantly stalking people for money is usually taken care of by mass funding.from your reporting, like a new mother killing persons; the percentage rate on afterbirth psychosis was 6-7%.  this being well known in the happening but not explained as a bunch or one person talking when they should have been getting help or drugs.

the early basic parcel property, you see was very frugal; 1-2 business on a couple sides &amp; a few homes.  now there's so many homes, as fundraisers &amp; apartments, residents pay for those.

being mean to people who owe money or get help from others; you put them to work for money they owe you.  what will it gain you to have them put in jail or injure, offend, complain, start fights; how you expect them to work?  you don't.

sales are necessary to provide your family &amp; others with what they need, when they need it, not leave them stranded with them getting out of work somewhere where no one is there.

The Catholic countries are light years ahead of the Muslim countries when comes to the treatment of women . I guess theres always room for improvement .

i recall having a migraine; the pain may cause you to throw up or be sick &amp; can kill you.  it is a 'trauma' physical &amp; mental that might leave me honestly kissing the ground or bed i'm on, never believing that it is gone.  when you tell someone 'you don't understand', you tell them not tease the other &amp; upset them to no end cause they are tittering behind your back making you look stupid because you care.

one of those, just tell me in no less than 'civil' language please, don't show me with angry words &amp; hurtful actions.  many in business, have very specific reasons for being so 'mean', such as having to work &amp; others aren't.

those who have a physical or mental problem, like worms, allergies that cause them to act out all nervous, do or say weird things, be nervous, jumpy, mouthy, may try to convey the understanding to another by causing the same in someone they care about &amp; feel separated because the victim can't explain.you have to try to ferret out if a couple or group of kids/people are constantly appear to ignore,aggravate someone.  helping someone or driving someone someplace, may be too convenient to others to address you as if you were someone else they can't get their hands on.  when persons just constantly complain, scared, secretive, a prob left over from 10 years old causes someone/parent to be curious over the disdain.

women do not employ the same role in thought; it doesn't mean either is deficient or less efficient.  this does take some responsible explaining, along with any other product use for which the psychology is steady 'demise', demean.  knowledgeable persons if they depict others as perennial students, children, helpless, stupid assign someone who's being 'ridden' or harassed as a major doormat without the confidence to care for oneself.  that can be produced as a matter of course in 'training' or discipline to be addicted to spending money or product use.

I think the 1-Billion and somthing Muslim men are laughing pretty hard at this!

What about the white men? They're a real minority and have been picked on throughout history.

now lets go to iran and stop them from stoning inocent women.

Well then, the UN needs to get to N Dakota real quick.

The UN? What a joke!! What will be the final report....banning alcohol and legalizing pot?? NOT!! Banning the Muslims? NOT!!

I know the solution. Every time a man abuses a woman, take him, handcuff him, bend him over and shove a "Major League" baseball bat up his ash....several times.

You can write all the rules you want.  You can make any demands you desire.  You can not nor will not change the hearts and minds of evil or immoral people.

They will assign an NRA member to every women.It's a nice gesture, but do you really think it'll change anything?

The UN likes to here itself talk. Church elders and secular government laders have to decide what is violence against women, create laws and eforce them. In some countries fathers can kill daughters over education or who they choose to date by law and custom. I for one do not want to send anymore Americans to fight and die to give people rights and freedoms they reject the minute we leave when  we can't even agree what is violence against women or what their rights are in the United States.

In related news, the UN passed a bill requiring VCR owners to be kind and rewind when renting movies.

Great...now keep it and ALL UN agreements FAR away from the US !Their version of "women's rights" will include nonsense like "all women will be paid twice as much as men and minority women will make triple the amount"...NO THANKS ! Get America OUT of the UN !

The modern world wants fair &amp; equal treatment for women.The Muslim Brotherhood does not.Arab Spring = Muslim Brotherhood = Egypt.O gives Egypt hundreds of millions of our money.Actions speak louder than words = O is anti-women's rights.Good job voting Ozombies! Your eyes are very clear &amp; you possess great wisdom. (rolling my eyes)

If the UN is serious about "protecting women" why are they for "gun control"? Let all women have a loaded pistol and see if that doesn't change the hole situation.

RIGHT and I have 1000 TONS of gold to give away !!  THE U.N--is NOT only one of the most CORRUPT orgs but is also one that says one thing and DOES another. UN supposed PEACEKEEPERS in several AFRICAN NATIONS have commited MORE RAPES og children and YOUNG WOMEN than all the slave trading nations in the Mid east---YA SEX SLAVES and others are alive and well in MOST OF the ARAB NATIONS--they BUY and SELL and MANY of the future SLAVES arew sold by---YOU GUESSED IT the UN PEACEKEEPERS !!ONE day WE the PEOPLE will get OUR GOVERNMENT UNDER CONTROL and REMOVE these PARASITES--the U.N. FROM OUR COUNTRY!

All the plans in the world will not stop violence towards women. We have domestic violence centers filled up to capacity daily here with the same women over and over. They get protection orders the works but still keep coming back. Above this, the UN resolution goes beyond the scope of protecting women and into the scope of dictating abortion laws in countries who still hold human life sacred. We are still divided over abortion but the UN thinks, that though they cannot do anything to help any country in the world, that they can somehow dictate to the world that they have to live as Europeans live despite their varied cultural and religious views. United Nothings cannot become a government for the world. That would far outreach its mandate.

the first amendment includes freedom of expression, thr right to keep and bear charms will not be infringed.you can say I hate people but as long as its not any particular folks, you can say you love people so long as it doesn't mean you love some because you hate others who might not agree with your mother tongue.laws are made by spiders trying to weave a perfect entrapment of users of the roadways of life

So whats the connection between Catholic and Muslim as in the headline ?Brave woman Tallawy, Unfortunately I predict a lunatic egyptian radical islamist will kill her and the egyptian presdient will pretend to be horrified and look to seek justice but will really do nothing but screw his little boys.

blueprint to combat violence against women and girls, ignoring strong objections from Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood that it clashed with Islamic principles and sought to destroy the family.Hell man thier the ones killing thier women, I think that is probably what destroys families!

Give those women .45 automatics they can shoot all those low life #$%$...and if morsi goes over to check it out, shootem in the butt; each cheek.

Two regimes that Obama helped into power oppose these women's rights: Lybia and Egypt's Muslim brotherhood. Does Obama hate women?

Thoughts from a man's point of view. When God created woman, he took a rib from man's side, not from his behind. That mean God intended one of his greatest creation's to walk side by side with the man where she came from; NOT behind him! Yes my beautiful wife reads my posts, and she knows I believe that. She better or else!

ISRAEI RELIGIOUS PAPER BANS WOMEN FROM EVENT. 7/2011. Women hoping to attend a management conference in Jerusalem last week were shocked to discover that the event was closed to females.The ultra-orthodox Jewish newspaper Hamodia, which was running the event, had instructed security to prevent all women, including female reporters, from entering the venue. Speakers included Israel's finance minister and the head of one of the country's biggest banks."It was frightening to discover that I am not allowed to enter a public place just because I am a woman," a woman, identified only #$%$, told Israel's Ynetnews site. "This is a dangerous phenomenon for the Israeli society"

I don't care what the UN does. Just keep your bull out of the USA. I'm not talking about defending women, that's a good thing. But the UN wants a one world govt and they are a threat to our sovereignty and our liberties.

All Muslim immigation into our country should be halted for a period of at least 20 years.

Islam is a war on women...and Barack Obama is a strong supporter of Islam, and it's likely if not definite that Obama is a Muslim...doesn't all this tell you liberal idiots anything?

The laws we do have are not stopping it,  so really what is the UN going to do?????  What a waest of time &amp; money.  Each country should be left to settle their own problems, we are not all alike so what works for one country will not work for another.'UN adopts plan to combat violence against women'Violence against women is distracting from all the violence against men.

The UN has way too much influence on America thanks to Obama. Now these dogooder Liberals save teh world types will be spending more of out tax dollars on stupid UN projects.

there should not be violence against anyone, it is well known women do get the worst treatment. Ban suspended sentences and make punishment fit the crime. We need peoples courts not this fractured system that is in place now.

"UN adopts plan to combat violence against women"Wow,UN is #1 in human trafficking.

And one believes anything a muslim or the UN would say?

Are we all playing by the same rules?  I think not!

And setting blueprints to create a Global Authoritarian Regime! One day they will advance and I pray that on that day we have more patriots then I am seeing online. Our numbers are falling as people are caving to midn control propaganda spooned to them by biass and paid off Media outlet. Control the Media and control the masses (the sheeple) thats why we went from 50 companies (in 1983) owning 90% of the world's Media to 6 companies owning it all. 5 of which our for the Democratic machine and world globalization! Its no wonder more people are starting the think guns in the hands of reg citizens are bad. People forget things too easily. I remember watching a movie once where only the military and police had weapons. That movie was "Schindler's List"! We will get there again I'm afraid since people are dumb enough to put their faith in this corrupt, power hungry system called corporatism!

"I have in my hand a piece of paper, signed by Mr Morsi himself, that will ensure inter-gender peace in our time!"

HA!  Yeah, that'll do it.

My wife beats the hell out of me all the time.  Can i get some sanctions against her or what?"Why does this entire UN thing on The Rights of Women remind me of the old quip; "how can you tell if a man is lying? Easy his lips are moving."The only way this lovely document will mean squat is if the broader consensus of each nations people acknowledge and ENFORCE laws against brutality toward women. The ONLY time that happens is when the people of a country demand it ,not from the government,or God forbid, a religious leader, but as a private and personal commitment on the part of each individual  that makes up the whole of that society.The only time a government acts is when a particular policy begins to hurt financially. The refusal of signatory countries to do business or allow those countries that do not adhere to the principlas outlined,is the only way the non-signatory(Or signatory) countries  are going to react and act accordingly. "Money talks and BS walks." This is BS until someone is willing to make it hurt. Embargoes,trade sanctions , reduction or restriction on the receipt of foreign monetary aid, tourism restrictions and the labeling of goods(just like dolphin safe tuna) are the only real and non-violent ways of ensuring that this resolution takes hold and has teeth.Even these suggested  measures won't work if people aren't willing to make sure that the products they buy,the manufacturers used and that the practices of the countries of origin in regard to this resolution are known.The sucess of this measure, just like dolphin safe tuna,begins with YOU. Who made it,where did it come from,is this country enacting and enforcing laws against the brutalization of women and girls? How badly do you wan this measure to be upheld, what are you willing to sacrifice or demand for yourself on behalf of women and girls world wide?This is essential and it is essential that women adhere to it when purchasing items for their homes and wardrobes, Like it or not,it is usually women who do the purchasing and handle the financial end of most households. (Get smart ladies,kick them where it hurts-right square in the wallet. Kicking elswhere is short term gratification,we're going for long term agony here.)

Yep now there is something important, I mean it's not like the world is on brink of nuclear war again, Oh wait it is, Well it's better to prevent violence against women then to prevent nuclear destruction

And, to think, Tahrir Square in Cairo is one of the most dangerous places for women.

WOW! The UN has a plan to combat violence against women! Why did it take them 67 years to come up with that plan?

i suspect the writing styles i see is from traumas unexplained but a number of them are not innocent without motive.  remember 'i think my lady doth protest too much'; someone acting out, drawing attention without explaining the motive.

Just another effort at communist group think. They want to make praying to god illegal and make you pray to gov instead.

The men of brutal nations will say anything and sign anything, and keep doing what they want to women and anybody else.  It's almost shocking that Libya was relatively honest.

The West is dead.  It simply doesn't have enough sense to lie down and shut up.

Egypt's delegate Mervat Tallawy spoke out against the Muslim Brotherhood and Morsi?...very brave especially for an Egyptian woman. I would imagine the Boys in the Brotherhood will waste no time in extracting their vengence against her for almighty Allah. I wish her luck.

I am sure Obama signed it.  Anything for the UN.  This is just another step toward world control.  UN Agenda 21 is also still going.  I guess now they are going to dictate all laws.So, Zionist Jewess Edith Lederer fingers "Egypt" is the "backward" nation of the world.  Well, I'd rather be a woman in Egypt than in an orthodox Jewish nation ANYTIME.

We need to stop funding these countries and use tariffs to force countries like India and others to comply with both Human Rights and with Women's Rights. Money talks and that is where you hit them, and then and only then will you see any real change.

the UN is violating national sovereignty of every country by adopting such things...there are better ways to combat violence against women...i think the most oppressed women arent in Iran or Egypt but rather in US allied countries like saudi arabia and bahrain...ive been there i would know

Satanic feminist agenda. Woman has no authority over a man, that's in the Bible.

ISRAEL BANS MARRIAGE FOR "OTHER RELIGIONS". Quarter of a million Israelis cannot marry or get a divorce More than 280,000 Israeli citizens cannot marry or divorce in Israel because they do not belong to a legally recognized religious group, according to figures presented Monday to the Knesset Immigration and Absorption Committee.Israeli law does not recognize civil marriage, and requires citizens to be married by their own clergy. Religious groups were determined during the Turkish period, which ended in 1917.The Central Bureau of Statistics says that at the end of 2003, some 254,000 citizens were listed as "lacking religious classification," and about 27,000 as "Christians who are not Arab."

ISRAELI RABBI BANS WOMEN FROM DRIVING. The order by Rabbi Avraham Yosef prohibits women from driving, especially in Israeli cities predominantly inhabited by ultraorthodox Jews, Ahram Online news website reported. osef is the chief rabbi in the city of Holon and is the son of Rabbi Afodia Yosef — Shas’ spiritual leader. The Jewish figure justified the decree by saying that driving for women does not reflect modesty or chastity, especially in cities mostly inhabited by religious people.

ISRAEL GYNECOLOGICAL CONFERENCE BANS FEMALE PARTICIPANTS. Two prominent Israeli doctors have withdrawn from an upcoming gynecological conference in Jerusalem over the event’s exclusion of women speakers, Haaretz reported as tensions over gender segregation mount in the country.The Jan. 11 meeting concerning fertility and Jewish law is sponsored by Puah, an organization offering gynecological and fertility counseling consonant with Jewish law, or Halakah, and which is a public group that receives state funds, according to a report in Haaretz.

PROPAGANDA PIECE BY EDITH LEDERER?  So what's new.  If this "writer" isn't spreading Israeli propaganda, it's spreading anti-Muslim spin.

The UN =  The Greatest Enemy to The Citizens of The US, and The US Constitution.

I bet the GOP is livid about this.I known un will ban all hand guns then men wont need to fear when they rape and murder of being shot

the Sisterhood takes over

all talks no action by overpaid politicians with huges expenses account

Stop this yahoo these hateful muslime are not conservative ---- stop trying to associate conservatives with this s-l-i-m-e- and oppressing women

how many country will enforce this law? less than 10?

Maybe all those countries don't choose to end up as America.

The consensus is laudable, but the document deals superficially with the problem of violence. Violence against a group is part of a larger, more pervasive condition of destroying life to solve problems. Violence against women cannot be stopped without a general terminating of violence against children, men, the aged, the vulnerable, and the defenseless. The government representatives that supported the document will go home to countries where teachers spank students, women beat their children, police beat and shoot innocents, and armies invade other countries. From a human standpoint, this document is tokenism.

My plan is to give each women a snub-nosed 45 caliber Model 66 Smith &amp; Wesson and a dozen hollow point bullets to discourage violence.  This would also have the side benefit of actually reducing the number of offenders.

Women in Egypt and Libya are in for some tough times, hopefully this plan will some international pressure on those two countries to turn their women into slaves again.I doubt it though.

I personally enjoy jogging up to WalMart each morning and bych-slapping the shht out of one before breakfast...The U.N. has become a joke...no one takes anything they plan seriously...amazing they didn't blame women's troubles all over the world on Israel...

I agree with most of this, but UN:  leave porn alone!!  It has nothing to do with "women's rights" so keep your fat fingers off my porn !!

"...to combat violence against women and girls, ignoring strong objections from Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood that it clashed with Islamic principles and sought to destroy the family." Finally, Islam has owned up to the evil it perpetrates against women. Violence against women IS encouraged in the Koran and to not do so destroys the family. This is Islam.

The USA has kept women bare foot and pregnant for 100 years.There is no equality in the USA. Women got to vote in 1920. Women were slaves since the G. Washington era.

The UN. Do they do anything but suck up American tax dollars?

Conservative Muslim? You've got to be kidding! This is nothing more than wishful thinking and countries like India are the worst culprits and in fact when you talk about human rights violations they lead the board.

It is about time.

The Muslim filth should be eradicated from this planet

Dog eat dog setting, in capitalist economies, is as much of a defeat for women as dire poverty in developing countries. Equality only comes with the demise of our  PREDATOR/PREY setting. No moaning &amp; groaning the fault lies in not knowing  WHO, WHEN, WHERE, HOW, to fight back. UN is a joke. Women have only seen some results by means of relentless vigilance &amp; fight. Only those who engage in condemning the wrongs gain respect. The sheep typology is asking to be slaughtered. All women need is a powerful mind=1) KNOWLEDGE OF REALITY &amp; HISTORY, 2)CAPABILITY OF FERESEEING THE UNSEEN, 3)SENSE OF TIMING,4) CLEAR UNDERSTANDING OF THE WHOLE BROAD PICTURE,5) CRITICAL/ ANALITICAL/VERBAL SKILLS.  Even just one of these five are sufficient to make us gain a powerful mind. A POWERFUL MIND IS MUCH MORE POWERFUL THAN A POWERFUL BODY.

Un worthless waste of money . worthless decrees. To many nutjobs blocking what is good for the world.Imagine that...i.e., "destroying a family whereas another human being is treated as less than. How much of a family can it possibly be when females are treated like property? It's high time for people to ask the radical question, i.e., who's running the "belief factory"?

Meaningless to women living their lives in the real world.

@Ken Roy. You're absolutely right. So when are the laws in this land going to give men(Father's) equal rights as women(Mother's) then?

Amnesty USA Org was working so hard for this n I support it to the UN. Good Initiative.

Ok now when are they going to concentrate on all of the men, transgendered, &amp; intersexed who get picked on &amp; beat up. When are they going to concentrate on their personal &amp; reproductive rights? Sure in some parts of the world women are treated like #$%$. But they need to focus on everybody. When they just focus on women &amp; girls they create a double standard. Which is already there in most nations. When are they going to address things like appropriate verbal communication? All stuff like this continues to prove is people care more about women &amp; girls when it comes to these issues. Would be better if they addressed everyone.

Just another ploy for women to abuse .

Wish the would adopt a plan against the politicians from stealing and lying.

muslim brotherhood,,, IN YOUR FACE, Dumb backward islamic radicals, go screw your beloved goat or donkey,

This is one useless organization, that is dependent upon the AMERICANS to keep it afloat, a waste of DOLLARS.

Let's hear it for Obama's Egypt!The head of Egypt's delegation, politician and diplomat Mervat Tallawy, surprised and delighted the overwhelming majority of delegates and onlookers in the crowded U.N. conference room when she ignored the Brotherhood and announced that Egypt would join consensus.Hahahahahahahaha.This is the way Egypt is ruled, Muslim brotherhood fascistic regime is on one side while the rest of the Egyptians are on the other side. Egypt will never be Iran no matter what.

Since when is the UN so protective of women?Everywhere their "piece-keepers" go, the blue helmets rape more women than any of the local war lords' soldiers.

What about MENS rights? Womens rights and abortion and homosexuality are the number one reason the white race is becoming a minority and going extinct like polar bears liberals care so much about.

Every human being has human rights. Rights that would, in turn, never infringe with his/her fellow human rights. If I were a woman regardless of my creed, I would seek to develop myself and evolve to a better person and be the best person I can be, The UN's decision is but fair to everyone. If the Muslims men do not like it, then expel from Islam, Muslim women who like it. And for those Muslim women who seriously enough to be the better Muslim women they can ever be, good luck.   .

Wow, republicans are just like the "Brotherhood". How interesting.

What a POS.  The U.N. is nothing more than a bunch of anti-American countries speaking out against America in our own back yard.

People in all countries need to actively and pursue stop the trafficking in women and girls for prostitution, and crack down on practitioners of BDSM. Unbelievably, instruments of restraint and torture are legally sold online and elsewhere. There must be many powerful men who engage in torture and murder for sport, or this worldwide epidemic would have been exposed and reduced by now. Remember Juarez!

I don't understand why all this debate is necessary. Violence of any kind against the mothers of our children should be opposed vehemently by everyone regardless of who they are and what they believe. The penalty IMO should be severe. I mean all this...should be a given.

For the first time ever i aprove of something the UN has Done.

Islam = Stone AgeBan sharia law?  Ban Islam?

Good. Ladies, you got what you want. So from now on, be nice to guys and when I ask you if you want to date me, say YES and do not turn me down. We did one good thing for you, you do one good thing for us.

So basically the Muslim Brotherhood and the mainstream of the GOP (not just its loveable, lunatic teabagger fringe) are tightly unified in their position on these issues.  After all, their most recent VP candidate (Ryan) and token latino front-runner for '16 (Rubio) both just got finished voting against the Violence Against Women Act.  So much for not being the "party of stupid" anymore (and enjoy the Trump and Palin speeches at CPAC, LOSERS!!!!)

un can kiss my stinky sticky sweaty aze. too bad a plane didn't fly into that building

The UN elected Iran to oversee women rights and now the UN wants to help women? lol

Great cause, I back it up 100% Shame nothing will come of it though

Rid the world of the U.N., and it would be a better place!

"Combat Violence"         Really?

the UN is controlled by the western powers.They don't give a #$%$ for anyone but the rich. they turn a blind eye against CIA atrocities . they watch women all over the world suffer death and abuse. this is the fox in the hen house. how can Americans be so stupid?The UN should be investigating the horror of Git-mo.the UN is used to open the door for  the west to Arab countries and others

Yeah, that should work. The UN has done such a good job so far. And if any country ignores the resolution....then they will aggressively pass another non-binding resolution.The UN has never been anything more than a paper tiger, with no teeth. The US needs to drop out of it. It is a failed experiment, just like the League of Nations before it.What A Joke-----What's Mo-Hammered going to say??? And just out of CURIOSITY,,,What this cost the US Tax-Payer for 2 weeks of sitting around fornicating with women and then saying GUESS WHAT WE ARE GOING TO VOTE ON

As useful as a chocolate teapot - you stone a woman UN will send a strongly worded letter lol

This group can't do anything to control those countries that won't adhere to the UN today.  Naturally those with the biggest problem in this area are going to do nothing other than suppress the media.  When action is required, they will only turn to the U.S. and drag it into yet another unmanageable situation.

Pretty funny that the Muslim brotherhood sounds exactly like our evangelical Christians.  The kinds of families these groups advocate are the kinds that SHOULD be destroyed.

Wowowowow hold it #$%$ dont go on against muslims.......your beloved Catholics homies are against it too. Me personally I think the law is good only to some extent.

Time for accidents on road...... cause they bout to get out of kitchen!!!!!!!!!

Provide weapons, training and martial arts instruction to women and girls. Level the field!

Yet another doctrine which teaches me that my female children are more valuable than my male children. There's no movement for violence against males, only females. These females craft their own prison by forcing doctrines on people that leave them no option but to become misogynists in the name of having some sort of balance. I wasn't born a misogynist though I am one now because I have to keep some sort of balance. There's no equality, just practices which caters to females; practices that would allow them to bully their way through society violently or nonviolently. The argument though is usually "because of past wrongs we have to help them catch up. Because for so long they've lived in a system which oppresses them we have to help them catch up and also have a level playing field".If the idea of past wrongs and an inherited system is what motivates this then don't we owe the blacks a huge portion of the wealth in this nation? If it's ok to be a feminist because of past wrongs against females then its ok to be racist if you're black. So I should tell my kids it's ok for blacks to be racist against them? I should tell my sons specifically not to hit females right? If a female hits them then what? Oh the old argument that females aren't physically as strong as males?Girls aren't as strong as boys so he should deal with it. Well I'm not as strong as Ronnie Coleman, I should be able to hit him with no problems. Any guy who's weaker than another guy should be able to hit him with no repercussions right? After all I'm closer in strength to the average female than I am the average basketball player so if the idea was to do things in relation to overall strength, then where's the doctrine that bars guys over 6'4 from assaulting guys under 5'9?If it's about care for human rights and needs then these females and the spineless males who push their doctrine which says we should have violence against anyone regardless of gender. They'd be included in that right? But they want something that caters specifically to females, it isn't about equality.

Violence against women is AGAINST Islamic principles. Do we REALLY need to hear anything more. So much for the religion of "Peace".

The UN is worthless and has no right to issue a blueprint for anything.It is more undemocratic and fascist  than Israel and the US combined and should be disbanded.Isn't it funny how similar the republicans are to the "Brotherhood" they hate so much and claim Obama is a part of? Especially the part where the Brotherhood "lashed out at the anticipated document for advocating sexual freedoms for women and the right to abortion 'under the guise of sexual and reproductive rights'." Will the coalition be meeting in North Dakota anytime soon? Repubs - meet your Muslim brothers. What a hoot.

Defense tactics should be taught in schools along with constitutional rights, the bill of rights and the right to use a voice to end confrontations.We  the people need to focus our attentions on forcing the current administration to respect the rights of men and women in America.

The California State Seal was beyond its time &amp; on target

The U.N. is a wasted group of weak and spineless ding dongs!  They have zero respect in the international community!

Women are beginning to learn about their natural power to own us and that scares some men and they react violently. It is in our nature, the way God made us for the women to manage us and for us to please them, protect them and return their love and affection. Eve usurped her authority. She caused Adam to fall so religious texts have exhorted women to restrain themselves. It didn't tell men to restrain the women. It told men to cleave unto the women. Thus it is the natural role for women to rule the household but they need to temper their feminine power because their role is to support our role as servants. The power each gender has over the other is unique and each must use their own power wisely and in proper moderation. Men may be stronger physically and rule by might but that is not godly. A woman may use her power over a man like a shrew but that is not godly either. Our test is to both submit and rule wisely through the temperance of our natures. Proverbs 31:10 shows the Queen ruling the house, buying and selling property. She is CEO and her King may be chairman but she is the boss, owns the property and manages the servants. It is up to us to see every little girl grows up in safety and with opportunity to become the kind, wise and supporting (yes managing) soul-mate we hope for. Unfortunately the U.N. agenda is not concerned about women empowerment but rather to encourage sexual perversion. Harlotry is bondage and detrimental to society and women in general. There is no violence against women like abortion. Society must remove the reasons for abortion, not the fetal baby.

The wording is even more useless. It basically simply asks every country to take womens rights into concideration.... The U.N is basically the kid who is Hall Monitor at School whom all the other kids push around and ignore anyway... I also hate the way this is written with too little focus on what the Muslim Brotherhood and the Vatican were actually objecting too it would lead one to believe the Muslim Brotherhood was all for beating women which is against Islam but of course stating that goes against the Muslim Boogeyman weve built up.

Islamic principles clash with everything.

Part of the plan is to keep away Chris Brown from large crowds of young women.

Do ya really think that this so called "blue print to combat violence against women and girls"' will change the way some religions, cults have been treating  their women for around 2,000 years? Notta.

This will make the investigators in the UN pretty busy aound the globe.It clashes with Islamic law and yet these so called Islams is the worst #$%$ of this age,go to there countries and see what is happening there,who are they deceiving,the same Libya that was rapping woman during there uprising are talking about Islamic law,those rappers are they not Muslims?

What about sissy gays?

There are serious reservations I have about this document.  Muslims and Roman Catholics have legitamate grievances with this on Religious grounds.  I think people should read the document and see for themselves.

The muslim creed dictates that they lie to advance their beliefs.  Lieing to an infidel is partof their creed.  What ever they have to do to advance their gutter philsophy is part of themuslim belief.  They have no moral center.

the anticrist is among us and is working in mysterios ways

give them a 45 acp, a box of hollow points and firearms training.

Good grief, listening to the horrid statements that come from the Muslim Brotherhood, such as these about women, make me so thankful to live in America (or for anyone living in a country that tries not to discriminate against women). Definitely not a first world problem.

All you guys toalking about the  other countries ,how about this country ,there are more more abuse and more killing of women than any other country in the world.

Women all over the world live under a stronger probability of being kidnapped and sold into slavery than they do of getting cancer.  Where are the "fundraisers" for that ???

UN adopts plan to combat women - Why not the US does it all ready.My work doesn't pit me against women... It could help, if we all phased out jobs and job practices that enslave women and children likewise.

If the UN actually gave a rats #$%$ about violence against women, they would sponsor training in use of handguns for women the world over instead of trying to disarm the whole planet.

Violence against women is dirty allright. But certainly they should not be given the freedom to display immodestly and sexily in public as they do in the west. The west is trying to impose their decadent culture to Muslim countries.

if a woman would shut up and do what they're told there would be no problems

Next step, propose a "global tax" to fund the implementing legislation.

In related news, UN declares the exponentially higher rates of violence against men and boys to still be awesome.  Liberals add that "hilarious too as men are all #$%$ pigs".

The brotherhood has signed but it means nothing as lying and deceiving is part of their culture. They will continue abusing woman and pretending not to.

Don't like it Brotherhood? Too bad, it's you who needs to change, not us. Break up the family? Ha! You're a dope if you believe that. If anything this bill well help make men stop doing the evil that they do to women over time. When men start to realize there are consequences for their actions then they'll stop with this caveman mentality that they're superior to women.

What do 250,000 bruised, abused, and battered women have in common? They just don't listen.

women need AR-15 storeswomen and men have the right to enjoy all human rights "on an equal basis,"...reproductive health services.  Really, then why has a male pill been blocked for decades by UN supported women's groups?  Western women love the sole power over reproduction and the ability to use it as a weapon to bludgeon men and take financial resources.

One day the ignorance will stop. Whether that's the final day of reckoning or enlightenment is yet to be seen. The UN has a steep upward battle here to get countries to enforce it, but at least they took the first step.

Allah literally means The God. There is no female equivalent for the popular male name Abdallah meaning Slave of God. The female equivalent which should be Abda-allah is non-existent. I am 53 and have been around but never came across this female name. The reason, I believe is, Almighty in His mass wisdom does not wish to consider women as His slaves even in name. Whatever God does not Will, will not happen. The God has not willed women to be called Slaves of God. The absence of slave names for women means God has placed women on a divine spiritual pedestal. That’s so high a lordly position has Islam given to women. But man in his stupidity treats women as slaves. Most Muslims are ignorant of their obligations and duties to women. If all Muslims treated women with love and respect (like the Holy Prophet treated his wives) Islam would be the world’s ONLY religion. Muslims would once again be world rulers. But the problem is, if not as the better half, most Muslims are not even prepared to treat women as their equal. With such mentality, Muslims would always be the slaves of their selves. We would never be able to rise above the West and our enemies would continue to dominate us.The Caliphate was a spiritual empire. To recreate the Islamic Empire our spirituality has to be nurtured. Women represent spiritualism and men represent materialism. If man doesn’t respect women, he is a slave of his self. He is a slave of materialism. Be a slave of spiritualism and you can be the lord of the Materialists. Be a slave of women and you can be the lord of the West. Global Caliphate is ours for the taking if we treat ALL women (spiritualism – also symbolizing the other) with love and respect. So long the Muslims do not respect the other; they wouldn’t even be able to rule their selves, let alone the world. We can rule the world once again if we loved the other. The other is divine. Spiritualism, women and the guy in front of you – all represent the other and are thus divine. Principle of all religion is not to dominate the other. The first step to seek Enlightenment is not to dominate the other. This is the wisdom behind the absence of slave names for women in Islam. To summarize Islam - You is divine; I is temporal. Love the You. Rule self. Serve the other. Never rule others, especially your wives.Most so-called Muslims would say I am an apostate if this message is put to them.  The world has little choice but wait for the right person to come along to say this. Muslims are waiting for the Mahdi to appear. He is believed to restore the original theology of Islam.

#$%$ the UN and if you don't like this comment #$%$ you.

UN and it's "women's rights" BS simply stinks. Their "Bcz I'm a Girl" global campaign is a feminist, anti-male joke. Dont believe a word these Marxist-feminist parasites tell you. Check out BecauseIAmABoy channel on YouTube about that. Watch the short videos "Global warming, man-made, woman-suffered" and others on Unesco and UN.And dont forget to watch "Genocide of boys in Canada", "Discrimination of Boys in Canada", "Canadian male heroes get female faces" videos to see what these UN parasites understand by "equality" and "justice" for women !

The UN is a toothless, geriatric poodle when it comes to human rights.  This was a complete waste of time/resources, and reeks of hypocrisy since India is approximately 80% Hindu.The public has been made abundantly aware of how women suffer at the hands of Islamic extremists, but the media politely tip toes around India's Hindu extremists.  Hindutva terrorists make Jihadis look like Gloria Steinem.Hindu extremists not only forbid menstruating females from entering places of worship, many of them even kick the girl or woman out of the house (no money, no food, no place to go, regardless of weather conditions) for the duration of her menses.  The more "civilized" Hindutva barbarians let the menstruating woman stay in the house, but forbid her from entering the kitchen or preparing food.There are Hindu extremists who want to bring back Sati, the practice of burning widows alive- they think widows are "inauspicious" and may bring "bad luck" to the community.This evil called Caste is rooted in Hinduism.  Horrific atrocities against lower castes and Dalits (those without caste, so-called "untouchables") are regularly committed by Hindu terrorists.  Dalit girls and women are deemed "fair game" by Hindu extremists and are often sexually exploited and kept in bonded labor.  Dalit children- especially girls- are routinely kidnapped/trafficked into slavery and child prostitution (virgins fetch a higher price).  Hindu extremists think Dalits and females are expendable commodities to be exploited as one likes.

New episode of UN drama.

"sex education for all adolescents and youth"what does this has to do with violence against women?

Women are not second class citizens. They deserve protection against violence, rape and assault

Violence against women and children will stop when the entire world goes atheist."the document is not legally binding"Good!

BS BS BS wake up sheeples of amerika. Do research on iran and its people not its si eye ahh sponsored pres . it is not the desert u ex spect to si. u can not stop what is to cum for it is prophesy , butt , ha ha ,at least u can understand and b aware.   Ride Black  Rider ride.