I wish we could turn off all power generated by fossil fuels to Yoko's home, car and jet.  She would have a fit in less than one minute.

Nice that the people with money want to keep the people who really need this from making money. There hasn't been an economy in Upstate NY for 30 years. Most of the manufacturing moved out in the 70s, dairy farmers scrape by, unemployment has been close to 10% forever (its worse in areas without colleges). The upstate cities of Syracuse, Buffalo, and Binghampton are a shadow of what they used to be......Energy exploration would fix a lot of this...jobs and land leases would bring go a long way to making NY State economically healthy again.But no, do gooders think they know better, even though there's NO evidence that fracking causes ANY environmental damage and their savior Obama's own EPA says its safe.

Hey Yoko, get out your check book and buy up all the landowners' mineral rights!  I know that isn't going to happen.  She isn't willing to put her money where her mouth is, but is more than willing to try to prevent people from using their property to make a living.

Matt Damon never did answer the questions about who funded his anti fracking movie other then some nonsense about never really knowing on any movie......when told it was Abu Dabi he offer nothing....a true shill.

Whatda((f))ck has Sean Lennon ever done to declare himself an artist?

Ho Hum!  More lefty-loonies on parade!  Uh, hate to burst your bubble there Lefties, but we have been using fracking drilling techniques for many, many years here in the US.  For a long time it was under the media radar.  Hey, if NY doesn't want to explore for needed resources then the folks in PA &amp; OH will pick up the slack!  East coast liberals!  Yikes! What a pox upon our country!

NY State is a willing participant in a scheme for wealthy New Yorkers to acquire land in the Catskills on the cheap and create private enclaves.The Rockerfeller family, who BTW made his fortune in oil, and their well placed friends on the National Resource Defense Council (NRDC) are blocking fracking to avoid driving land prices higher. In the meantime Rockerfeller and friends, including Dan Rather, have purchased, and continue to do so,  thousands of Catskill acreage for their private use. In some cases selling back land at a huge profit to the State of NY's under provisions in it's open space plan to create buffers against encroachment. $25M of the buy back money came from a fund intended for job creation.The scheme gets more interesting when you consider the NRDC's position in IL is to support natural gas exploration, but NOT in NY.The entire anti fracking movement in NY is a sham that Gov Coumo is a participant in. Too bad these dopey artist don't realized they're being used.

Don't frack in NY.It lessens the competition on us here in Texas where there are two shales in production.

I bet they used a gasoline powered vehicle to get there and protest

I've made my millions, so what do I care if a bunch of schmucks need these jobs?  Well, time to jump on my jet back to my upscale Manhattan apartment!I'm in favor of anything these celebrities are against. They should be placed in a 90% tax bracket.

If you don't like fossil fuels then quit using them you hypocrites. See how wonderful your life is in a fossil fuel free world. May you then freeze to death in the dark!

Biggest opponents of shale drilling in the US are Russia, China, and oil rich arab countries, and it has nothing to do with the environment ....drill baby drill

that does not look like yoko it is susan Sarandon

NYS won't let fracking come in here, but they are thinking of allowing the dumb MNA fighting. We have such a bunch of losers in our Government in NYS. This is what it has come down to the freaking hollywood gang loser gang running our country. We have balless politicians in Government.

typical celebutards, all mouth and no brains

Government stealing more rights from private property owners, and these skumbags want to help steal more rights? They should be hung, not praised.

Isn't it nice that the "rich and famous" have finally decided to obey the law and form a lobby, but only if necessary.

Many in Hollywood have never been noted for intelligence.  They gain some notoriety and gather the delusion they must be smart.  so, they go off to find banners to carry, not knowing anything about what the support, but feel good that they are supporting a group of people just as ignorant as they in keeping some poor slob broke just to satisfy their own demented egos..

how precious, they have no clue whats going on, such tools!How do these people cook their food? Keep their homes warm? Drive or fly to these demonstrations ? Surely they would never use any fossil fuel .They are hypocrites  just like Obama. He wants to do away with a lot of fossil fuels meaning crude oil but at the same time he it appears feels as if it is a sin if he has to leave AF1 and all supporting aircraft in the hanger for any extended length of time . And this includes his car called the beast and all supporting vehicles

Good for you artists this time.  Fracking is bad, it will poison the water and pollute the air.  Keep up the good fight against fracking.

Celebs Know Best.Now theres a new non-reality show they can sink their fangs into.

Two more liberal morons who enjoy paying for Arab petroleum, and will do anything to keep the U.S. from competing.  Go home and stay home.

#$%$#$%$#$%$* LIBERAL STOOGE BAIT ALERT #$%$#$%$#$%$*CAUTION!  If you're a liberal stooge, you may not be able to resist!lol...God these people are idiots.  They're living proof "Liberalism Requires Ignorance" !!

How good of them since they don't have to worry about there next gas bill. Maybe they can give a few millon to the poor working people. Or maybe they on stock in the Middle East that we give all our money to. I agree that there should be a better way but it ain't coming anytime soon. So why give our funds to the east when we have the fuel right here and can work our on people. It may not be right but just think of all the things that run on oil and gas of both kinds and the US citizens that work for all those companys and tomorrow all of a sudden there was a new way, do you think they would all have jobs. What I am saying might not be the most approved of thought but get real it is the way it is.

Susan has the look of an older hustler, that grew tired of working the Bus Stations!

Tell these "D" list wanna be celebs to go back to Japan and England. They are nothing more than remnants of the hippie b.s. that has stunk up this country for way too long.

Artists Against Jobs would be a better name.

These people have money, always havd and always will.. They are not economically depressed... This sucks watching these idiots that have no idea what it's like to be without trying to wreck something good for the majority of NY state. You can bet NY politics will continue to sit on their hands and do nothing...Nut Cases!

Celebrity hasbeens need something to keep their name in the spotlight... fraking sounds like a good fit..... Maybe Seagal can take the lead on this one...

The artest and movie stars, ruined Cal. now they are try to do the same to NY.

These people are only out for their own not in my back yard interest and could care less about the environment.  If they actually looked at how much cleaner natural gas is then oil and coal.  How green renewable energy is important but at this time is unattainable without subsidies and the use of lots of Chemcals to produce such as solar panels, as well as dams which will restrict fish stocks from breedig.  I like wind but they don;t want that either.Drill New Yorks Natural Gas reserves now.  Thats what I want to here from a lobbyist.Not more restrictions and delays.

My friend Sean,can't wait for summer love his girlfriend Charlotte they make wonderful music together.The Tiger and The SaberTooth.

These people don't care what method is used to extract oil and gas from the ground.  They simply want it all to stay "locked safely in the ground" as one radical environmentalist was recently quoted as saying.  So, there is no negotiating with them.  They would just as soon see us all paying $8 a gallon for gas.  Let then have their little protests but please stop giving them press.  They are costing families jobs and costing us all higher fuel costs.

It just goes to prove, it doesn't take brains to lobby against something. We need to become independent of offshore nations. It's wierdo's like this that have a stake in offshore imports that fight anything good for this country.

That lobby will be HEAVILY funded by the oil industry and interests directly from Dubai.

Love how most of you call other folks names for expressing their opinions- while expressing YOUR own opinions. So I guess yours are the only one's allowed? Good way to start a dialog. I own property in the Marcellus Shale area of NY and would LOVE to lease it for drilling, but safely- clean drinking water for myself and my neighbors is important- why is that just too much to ask for?

These Artists Against Fracking don't have to worry about where their next meal is coming from. As Marie Antoinette said " Let the poor eat cake". In other words "Why should I care about the poor". Getting the energy we need will always require risk, financially and environmentally. But if we are to energy self sufficient we have to be more aggressive in domestic extraction and mining. This will help provide the jobs needed by our ever expandingpopulation. We also need to become more energy efficient. Pipelines will have to be upgraded and repaired. Alternative energy sources may not supply all of our energy needs in the future. It is a complicated balancing act producing the energy we need and protecting the environment. Something has to give. There is no ideal solution.Profits for the few by polluting the ground water for many.  Privatize the profits and socialize the loses.

We give celebrities entirely too much attention like their opinions matter.

Why don't these idiots stick to acting and keep their politics and opinions to themselves.  They don't give a damn about the working man or economically depressed areas of the country. As another commentor said..."they can go frack themselves."

I have lived here for 64 years and paid taxes for 48 years and these left wing socialist commie #$%$ come here to protest and stomp on my property rights! They should be held accountable for harming us with financial compensation along with the socialist facist governor that took money from lobbyist when he was secratery of housing! They are all #$%$ of the earth trying to hold back the public so they can seem all powerful! Well they can't take it with them and come judgement day they will all pay in god's eyes. The meek shall inherit the earth so says the lord and his father! All the gold in the world isn't worth one of my friends!

Isn't that Susan Sarandon? That isn't Yoko Ono

Could you please ask Sean, Yoko and Susan to give me some of their money so I can pay for gas then.

go home you moron's !!!!!!!!!!!

I think Yoko Kardashian...er I mean Ono is someone we should all look up to and we should allow her to make all our decisions.

Sure these so &amp; so's can afford $50 a pint gasoline and could care less about us!

Lobbys only work if you can pay bribes in one form or another.They DO NOT KNOW A THING about most of the bandwagons that they jump on.They instantly BECOME EXPERTS and SPOKES PERSONS once on the bandwagon.

If it had not been for liberal immigration policies neither of them would be here today.

Lets just keep giving money to the Arabs.They love us don't they?

Shut up and sing, or act, or whatever you rich hollywood ivory tower liberals do, but stay the hell out of issues that obviously don't affect you!!! TURDS!!!!

that is Susan Sarandon, very beautiful woman

most posters display incredible ignorance here. it doesn't take a celebrity to recognize a thoughtless, foolhardy rush for the quick buck. it won't be too many years before the chickens come home to roost on this.

They can go frack themselves!!!

We need to move forward - fracking is moving backwards - I believe in the wise use of the environment- fracking does not qualify as wise use.   the pic includes susan saranden - not mentioned in the article at all

One word WINGNUTS, they don't want people to get ahead.  Fracking does not mess with the water get a grib!!!