Great story.

So if the "statue of limitations" on the heist means they can't be prosecuted ... do an "Al Capone" on 'em, and hit 'em for tax evasion ...

Three of them hang in my bathroom..

23 years...i wouldn't be bragging about it...

They have to be in the middle east or asia.  Thats where the money is, and thats where the paintings are.

someone once stole my genuine, imitation ,clay, gene simmons tongue....I miss that tongue.........

OK, they know which crime family it's linked to and the statute of limitations is up.  So, I think, no recovery, no prosecution, &amp; a loss for the museum.

What a useless story telling nobody anything.  Yahoo, you need to do better.

It wasn’t me..it was the one arm man...

Typical sloppy article and reporting by Reuters.  What "other mystery"?Inside job ring a bell?

Such masterpieces cannot hide forever.  Too bad the statute of limitations has passed.  Still, find them.  Find them. And find the thieves.

To speculate where they went? With Ben Laden, I thought he would be found in Iran at first but his and their views on Islam differed (not in their right to do anything), so I thought he would be found in Pakistan! He was, no big surprise on that one! On this art valued over what a Billion dollars? I would think they are today in Asia or Russia!

My theory has always been that this was a "theft to order" by a private collector due to the specificity of the items that were taken.  I think that they have been in the hands of the same person this entire time and that the FBI is pretty sure who has them.  I think the FBI is hoping that this person will arrange to have the items quietly returned to avoid bad publicity, or so their heirs will avoid inheriting a world of trouble if they should pass away unexpectedly.  There would be no charges for the theft or even accepting stolen property but there would be heavy tax consequences for the known theft, should the IRS decide to pursue that arcane bit of tax law.

Look for them in Switzerland

Boston's Museum of Fine Art is full of Art stolen from Egypt.  Isn't that one of the biggest 'art heists?'

SO ?

should NEVER be a statute of limitation on any such crimes, most honest people will agree I hope

What is the Statute Of Limitations for the crime?

Wow 1990 Good job Hoover boys!They're probably hanging in a secret room of a private collector and will turn up one of these days.  Of course, most things in museums were stolen from somebody at some point in their history anyway.

.....I think they water boarded the security guard.

I wonder if it will take the FBI that long to release the investigation results of  Benghazi !

Sounds like a well excuted plan.  I've always wanted to be in on a big hiest but am stuck with my crummy stock broker job :(

It was "Whitey" Bulger" and the Fibs kept it quite.

The fbi couldnt figure its way out of a wet paper bag.  They will never get that art back....(evil laugh).

Let's break a story with no information just so we can say we broke the story???

The FBI didnt solve the Bulger mystery. Somebody told them where to find him.

OK.  What's the story?  Anyone?  Anyone.

Great story now were is the stolen art workswho cares about this issue why don't you FBI do something constructive and release all the information they have about the Justice Department on fast and furious operation, also all the information they have under State Department screwup or four people were killed which included one ambassador???

I have been waiting so long and now they release it when I don't care anymore.  Typical government bungling!!

dawn , what a story

Lem'me see insider trading amongst those who can afford this art work.Why we own the FBI so ya'all have a good day!

So, this is what we talk about instead of what is unfolding in Cyprus??

What a dumb story.  What does Whitey Bulger have to do with this theft?

They're just paint splattered on tarps by people long since dead. Worth how much?

I read the A T and T Yahoo Reuters article on 03/18/2013 about the 1990's theft of famous paintings in the U.S. In my opinion, thieves or terrorists are using high-tech techniques to recreate the old fashioned paintings within buildings, using light, darkness, people present, and satellite assistance. It could be that the paintings were stolen before 1990 and were very good forgeries. If they exist, they might not have been in that museum originally. Instead of anticipating discovery, I believe the F.B.I. should anticipate forgeries.

FBI and DEA are stealing from their suspects. They have been stealing from me.When I complained to the San Francisco Attorney General's office they poisoned to death my dog and started to use gang members to harass me.Stealing from suspects by Department of Justice employees is so widespread that no one will do anything about it. Too many benefit from the stealing.The Department of Justice has  a problem with employees that steal from suspects.

She will do whatever to make you HAPPY at_____bubidaI really glad they're going to solve this.  I've been to ISG Museum several times, a few before the heist.  The Rembrandt of Christ walking on the water is probably one of the most moving paintings I've ever seen.  I hope it was not damaged.

Art is the only thing I approve of stealing, adds to the mystery and the value. Maybe it will turn up in a few hundred years!

What are the odds they got more than a measly 5 million?

If you don't like the article, why post any comments ?

What would someone want with a horse racing pic ?

Chill out. Every piece of information disseminated  is not breaking news, nor has it ever been.

Whats left?

Has anyone search Dave Hester's house?

slow news day.

Yahoo, this piece reminds of the local weather casters on TV. "I'll give you the rest of my forecast and tomorrow's temps later on in the broadcast".Yahoo sucks

Let me be the first to post a comment........who cares!

A story about nothing way to go yahoo

They must be nearly destroyed by now, particularly knowing how the thieves took them.