Progress SLOW? In other words, everything is going just like we expect from our politicians.

Let every cut happen, these fools need to stop borrowing 40 cents of every dollar they spend.

If you can't pay for it......don't buy it.

Cyprus wanted to tax peoples saving account, an asset ! They say that can't happen in America, but it already has, any Home sales over 200k have to pay a 3.8% Obama Care Tax..Maybe someone should tell Barry , your house is your nest egg and the largest asset you have...

Vote both parties out. They are the best lawmakers money can buy. Unfortunately  I'm broke.

I got disabled on the job in 1994. I get workers comp and social security disabilty.Just for chits and giggle, I called the welfare office and they said I qualified for foodstamps because the workers comp. money doesn't count, and its alot more than my SS check per month. I threw the form they sent me where it belongs, the trash.Maybe its me, but if I had to live on just my SS payments, I'd eat dog food before I would put up with the shame of having to get foodstamps. The inner city kids today have no shame,  no resposiblity and deffinity no respect for themselfs or others...

Our government spends 20 billion dollars a day.Why all the hoopla over 85 billion?

You mean these HACKS we elected are slow and useless.progress in and of itself is in the hands of those who create it be it slow or fast.

There will never be a budget bill under Obama. Without a budget, by law, the President decides were every dime goes, in every department in the government. Why do you think Harry's been stalling for four damn years and breaking the law doing it?Now this is part of our constitution that needs to be amended, no budget, work off the last budget and live with it till you pass one

Has anyone noticed the Dimo controlled media has avoided any mention of the bankrupt Cypriot Government trying to tax personal savings account 10%. The people, aka subjects, are rioting with signs, but do not have guns.  They are finally running out of “Other people’s money”"I want to restore the Head Start to 70,000 children. I want to restore 10,000 teacher jobs," countered Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif"Fine. Let her pay for it. Apparently those teacher's did very little to teach Ms. Boxer about negative numbers in mathematics class. She doesn't have a clue what MINUS $16,736,188,026,047.86 really means to American taxpayers.

If the Gov.t shutdown maybe something could get done positive.

As if there isn't enough pork that that needs to be cut. There are so many unneccessary expenditures but the government keeps trying to find things that screw us and not them.

Unfortunately Congress has passed enough legislation so that their pay cannot be withheld nor can they be impeached.  We need laws to prevent this.

Shut the government down, give the House and Senate a new and short deadline, if they do not reach a solution have an emergency election and the American people can select a new government.

3,465 new foodstamp applications approved every damn day....Nothing but buying votes for 2014 with welfare...

They should shut it all down then start over with only what we really need with full transperancy and disclosure on national live tv. Wouldn't that be astonishing to see the billions of fleeced taxpayer dollars and what they really go for. I bet there's so much that nobody even knows where it all goes! LOL

Demo`s want to spend every penny we have.

A.F.1 cost $186,000 an hour, but they never discuss the support cost. A.F.1 take the highly expencive, highly refind JP 7, only two planes in the world use JP 7, the other plane is the SR 71 spy plane. Everywhere the Pres. goes, two semi's full of fuel have to be there, so if one doesn't pass the test, they have a back-up. Now in our country or outside of it (Hawaii), if no fuel is readily available, you have to have an additional airplane and crew for a C-5 Galaxy to fly the fuel trucks in...If we only knew the true cost of Barry's unneccessry and campaign trips, just think how much of "Our" money we could have saved.  And Michelle's lavish vacations ?

These spending cuts should be managed as they are in private business. Set the % objective for each Division, Department, etc. Managers closest to the spending can best figure out how to cut spending. Those that do not, are fired. Period.   Second thought, based on this criteria, Obama, Senate, Congress should be held to the same standard and starting with their overpaid salaries!Cut the spending on JayZ and Beyonce parties and trips to play golf with Tiger

I'm with Pat fire all of them,shut the whole thing down. Through out ever law and regulation passed in the last fifty years. We would have a surplus instantly!

Cut off  the $250billion in aid to Egypt (in addition to taxpayer paid F-16 Fighter Jets, Abram tanks, weapons)   However small, all unnecessary spending will help.

I am for shutting the government down, but include the pay for the do nothing politicians on both sides. You can bet your #$%$ they will come to some kind of deal???

Withold all the money for Congress and their staff until they can work something out that does not reduce the reduction in the budget increase contained in the sequester. Also no more government paid trips out of DC until then. we paid these people to do a job so if they don't do it they and their staff deserve no pay.

I sure hope good ole Clint's has a couple more movie's left in him, Obama's gave enough material for ...Absolute Power II and III, or the make a mini-series and that would break Dallas's Nielson record..

The fundamental transformation of America is now almost complete, buy still more to do.. . . Basically we were always proud of our American Exceptionalism, which has been transformed into American Deceptionalism.

That's because the opposite of progress is CONGRESS.NEED TO CUT, CUT, CUT, and KEEP CUTTING SPENDING!!!

If the world ends as we know it with a 2% cut - maybe that's a clear signal that the Fed is just dnam big?

Vote out all incumbents in every election.It is the only way to stop career politics from killing this country.and the fear mongering continues.

former community agitator obama is on his way to a three day mulit-bazillion trip to the middle east that we cant afford..............   again.   Let's see- I wonder which muslim brotherhood's koch he is going to such this time?

all this for a 22 billion dollars less in increase in spending.

Let shut down! Then every one can see that is not a pile money in the treasury. Cut spending, ax the taxes.  Put more money in pockets of the American people.

let it shut down, then we want have to pay taxes..

Two Words.....................TERM LIMITS

How was everything working in 2007? Why can't it all work at the same level? OH! Inflation has caused the costs to explode to trillions instead of billions..Sorry I am so confused as to what caused inflation...and the dollar is worth only $0.40 now..must be why my savings is not making it....No COLA this year all you Social Security recipients...

Congress has more important things to talk about, mainly, this President and the Chinese.  The United States military is cutting back by design of this President and the Chinese are building up their military and there is no way in hell the United States will ever pay back the money this country owes China and Congress better take notice that this country is in a position for a Chinese takeover and it can happen and probably will happen because this country has never been in a worse position in history all because of this President.  CONGRESS, don't say you haven't been warned about a sneak attack.  Don't forget, America did it to Japan.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Let is shut down we all will save a lot of money. The goverment is to big anyway. They spend more then all of us make everyday.

3 yr 10 mo shutdown without pay would be great, imo.  no one would notice, either. probably do more good than harm and balance the budget.Close the White House  there is  nothing  there for Americans  anyways  ,.please  off the lights..

Obstructionism all over again Both Boehner and Reid need to receive a VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE BY THE HOUSE AND THE SENATE.

Look at Van Hollows face...That damn Berry had to start a war on the kids....

Would love to see Government shut down. Let everybody (not just the middle class) be miserable.

Where's the story of the Feinstein gun control bill story? Att Yahoo is more than happy to stick it in your face about gun control proposals, but when one goes down in flames, not a word. I hate this site. I find myself looking here less and less.

It is delicate work crafting a plan to inflict the most pain and damage as budget cuts loom.  One great game of chicken.  Here is where Obama excels, because he has no soul.

harry reid once again showing he is a first class prick.

They are back in the sand box throwing sand at each other and crying.  People today don't believe in spanking, but in my day, one good lick on the butt (two if you just didn't get it), and the situation changed pronto.  Go up to D.C., take their toilet paper away, and tell them, they get it back when you have finished this.  By the way, the doors are locked and NO ONE leaves.

It's time for mangers to quit crying and start managing.

Abolish the BATF, and quit the UN and shut down the UN building.Democrats montra -Give me some more money,give those people free phones, get those little kids in headstart, tax tax and tax some more. Wish Boxer and Feinstein would donate some of their money to keep the White House open for tours. they are the 1% aren't they.

My Fellow Americans, It’s very simple folks.Geez, what's more important?1. Same sex marriage? 'FREE' contraception? Immigration Reform? Confiscating guns?OR2. Making those f****in' principal and interest payments on that $17 TRILLION in U.S. National DEBT to the DEBT holders who OWN it???Ask those red Chinese, commie b/@/$/t/@/r/d/$ ...they OWN a TRILLION of it.

Do you notice that you never see "Progress Slow" when it comes to their pay raises.

Headlines today:  "US lawmakers struggle to restructure Egypt aid.  Wow.  The politicians are cutting our throats, yet give the muslims big $'s.  We are stupid for "reeleting" them.

shut it down unless you decide to make the govt. operate under a balanced budget , period, end of discussion.

The expression "government shutdown" is always breathed in the pejorative sense, indicating that living within our tax receipts is somehow a bad idea, and "shutdown" is a bad word. "G-S" is always portrayed as somehow evil, an eventuality to be shunned at all costs, and the Democrat - Progressives always want to "blame" someone or some entity for the G-S. Actually, if we abolish about 50 percent of the wasted federal "entitlement" expenditures and fire about 50 percent civilian federal employees, we could very comfortably live within our means.

So ... Biden can go visit the new pope, and DHS can order hollow-point ammunition, sniper ammunition, IED protected armored personnel carriers ... but we have to shut down white house tours, cut staffing at control towers, and cut staffing for airport security lines.  Perhaps someone can explain this to me ... please ...

If they(the Congress) can not find 2% in budget cuts they need to resign and go home. OMG this is getting ridiculous.I will fly to Washington and work for free if they would let me find 2%.I can not understand why grown men and women can not make decisions for what is best for this country.

SSDD in the CESSPOOL!

They're doing this wrong.  They bemoan cutting programs, closing control towers or eliminating a fleet of ships.  They don't have to cut, close or eliminate anything but a small percentage of the waste and inefficiency inherent in every nook and cranny of our government.  It's all about the drama with them.hey #$%$  head obamayou and ir. need to start walking and leave the plains on the ground. save the U.S. some money . you dont need to go away because all you do is lie.

Let the government shut-down, I want this, I want that, to hell with what they want, its what the AMERICAN people. A balanced Budget( just like we have) salary cuts(just like we have). We can't continue on this pace, we need to tighten the belts, get help for the needy, not the lazy butts, do away with Obama Care, it is to expensive. Cut Welfare, food stamps, and if everyone has to pay their fare share, then no one person or group should be able to not pay any taxes, we can not keep takeing from the rich, they could just leave this country..We the people need to recall most of the idiots we have running this country....

If the Government was run like private business, they would cut the fat and then expect the rest of the employees to take up the slack.  I NEVER saw a government agency that didn't have employees standing around doing nothing.  Let the fat find real jobs in private enterprise that insist on excellent productivity.  When the going gets tough, the tough get going.

Cut, slash, cut and slash some more, shrink the government till it does what it is designed for infrastructure, defense, and mail.

if you shut down the government make sure the house, senate, congres and the clowns obaoma ay are immediatly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

CLOSE the government...they don't do anything anyway.

It should be just minutes before we here from the state run media outlets that, "conservatives are at fault" or "republicans stalemating" or "this is obviously G.W. Bushes fault".

I see most of you feel it is in the best interest to shut the government down. You do know that means no Social Security checks, no pay checks for our soldiers, no tax refunds if you haven't filed yet, traffic control towers at our airports will be hampered by either shutdowns or more cuts, border patrol will not be all but cut, and the list goes on and on. You are all idiots if you think this will make the point you seem to be attempting to get across.

More GOP hokey-pokey: "Let's cut spending, but not in my district."

Shut down these idiots paychecks and see how fast chit get done.Let the gov shut for a while, and tax republicans until they bleed.

Here is the answer... STOP ALL PAY to these greedy morons, both sides, until an ultimate compromise is made! If these spoiled idits don't get paid, then they will have to work it out to GET PAID!

Head start program is nothiing more than a food catering and free baby sitting dump all these programs Bring a kid into the world then take care of it . Its called responsibility !

let the games begin

This #$%$ is getting beyond tiresome. Each side is being an obstructionist in it's own way and each side is blaming the other for the mess that BOTH are responsible for. They need to get their act together for the good of the nation they swore an oath to serve.Too bad all the potential third party candidates are fringe whackjobs which make these idiots look like centrists.

People are out of work, or smaller paycheck, and or benneys. Why not cut government wages in half to everyone in washington, Don't forget their benifits too. Everyone else lives on less. Why not them? Also no retirement on those people that have retired from government.

"minimize the inconveinience for the maximum amount of travelers"??... at the expense of minimizing saftey for pilots?? (and likewise those under us). Spending cuts are nessisary because the deficit is rediculous but ATC is not where to make those cuts.

Can you name the Party whose representatives have "all" signed pledges to "never raisetaxes on the super rich".  2000 Budget Surplus;  2007 Recession/Depression.  Damn Obama.

Looking at some of these posts not really sure what to think. Theres no money for government services. No money for vets and soldiers education but you can give money to pakistan for thier education. More money for pakistan after that and pakistan is non cooperative, anti american and lets taliban and al kaeda stay and hide from america. Money to egypt which is now controlled by the muslim brotherhood. If you dont know who they are look them up. They should get along very well with female liberals, especially after the last un project which seeks to protect women from violence. They walked out and said this is against thier laws. At least they were man about it and said so. A new push to make sure paid benefits get to illegal immigrants. Amazing since benefits are a civil rigjt paid for by tax payers and being illegal makes them criminals. With no civil rights because civil rights are only guarenteed by through citizenship. They have human rights and all that goes with that but not civil right and any benefit that goes with being a citizen. Not really sure what america is doing or what they are thinking.

I hope with a shutdown those all involve in congress with these decisions dont get paid,i bet then something will get doneThe Republicans demand cuts, except when it effects them.

....is it last minute brinkmanship to impress their constituents, or possibly creating an opportunity to buy stock at a very low price????

I just wonder how much longer it will take for us to finally elect someone other than a democrat or republican. Until "we the people" do that we're just as insane as those idiots in Washington

Sarah Palin ( SEARAPOSTERIAPAIN )  is raking in and banking all the cash she can, from those republicans as a COMEDIAN , just for keeping those stupid republicans happy.....Don't they see that  !!!!!!!!

The Senate and House have truly lost touch with the American people and continue to bicker, holding the party lines. Most these people are well off and like some before me have already said, they get paid no matter what, serve a term and have medical and full benefits the rest of their lives, not to mention the amount of money wasted to support some of their perks...but when it all comes down to it, we are still the ones voting them in.  Again, to repeat from above, its common sense, don't spend more than you bring in. If people didn't receive so much entitlements then maybe they would be motivated to work, maybe more revenue would be generated in taxes and such...wow what a concept.

In spite of this, there is a bright side. Harry Reid just said Diane Fienstein's assult weapons bill won't get a vote since there is less than 40 votes for it. I love it, the 2nd amendment may survive obama and his minions.

A government shutdown will probably have as much negative affects as sequestration did.....about zero.Dems #2 guy Harry Reid thinks sequestration killed those Marines in that training accident though.More independents would believe him if he'd blamed global warming (ALL liberals believe him, no matter what fantasies he spews).

Jerry moran R_ Kansas I have 7 towers in my state that will have cuts, I will be up for election I can't alow that to happen

Get back some of the 1.3 Trillion Taxpayer dollars refunded to the Upper 1% of the SuperRich who own the Republican Party.  The year was 2002. Read "Perfectly Legal" , by David Johnston.  The Party of the Really Really Rich, the GOP.

Paul Ryan, do not like poor people, white, black, brown, mexicans, or anything poor, all have worked hard all of our lives, for the benefits, he love to send all of us to the poor house, all poor people need to wake up and stick together, are they will put all of us all in a poor camp. The keep poor whites, fighting the poor blacks, and brown, yellow people. All man kind has the same want's, needs, we all get sick, die, love, play, forget the outside and look to the heart, all understandin comes from only the heart. Scott Walkter and Paul Ryan, when they come to the city of Milwaukee, they go to a few of the large black church's, to the pastor's, that sold out thyeir black sister's and brother's, He is or they have done more to hurt poor people, and can lie, looking at you stright in the eye, and tell you a lie. Nothing is wrong with the g o p, it is the haters, and ones that is blinded with fear. That is y they buy all the guns, they fear, what their grand parents, back to the days of slavery, to blacks, indians, mexican, that they are going to do the same to them. Fear. Will make u sick in the heart, and mind with hate.....love all.....Doc.Damn Repugnants are at it again.

The GOTP wants desperately to shut the government down just so they can have justification for demonizing the ineffectiveness of government. What they don't tell you, however, is they will get paid regardless.

They are going to CUT CUT CUT.  They are going to cut benefits for those lowly AmericanTax Payers,  and increase benefits for the 1% who own our Parties.   They are all Puppets.Read about the Glass Steagle Act.  That was the beginning.