We the People of The United States of America will not be subjugated to the rules of the "United Nations".The President should be impeached if he sign onto this document,this would do away with the 2nd amendment and put the people under the dictatorship/control of the "United Nations".Never again will The United States of America be under a monarchy or dictatorship.The Revolution is on the Horizon.

Please call your senators and congressmen and tell them to vote against giving our sovereignty to the UN.

Guns don't fuel wars. Tyranny, oppression,ideologies, religions and empire building does.

Government officials that vote for this should be tried for treason.

Arms also help to maintain the PEACE."The most effectual way to maintian peace is to be prepared for war" -- G. Washington.

This is just an end run around the US 2A, it will never get 67 votes in the Senate.

Any treaty that is in conflict with the US Constitution is null and void for the USA.

The great international push to disarm all citizens of all countries in the world, leaving only oppressive governments, terrorists, and criminal organizations as the only armed forces on the planet.

Stalin, Hitler, Pol Pot, Mao, Hussen, the governments of many African countries, etc -- over 200 million citizens slaughtered by their own governments. Ban governments from having firearms!

So despotic leaders will find it even easier to put down rebellion and stifle dissent without opposition.  If this treaty were in place during our revolutionary war, we would still be living under the crown and the French would have been standing on the sidelines.The Chinese will become the biggest arms dealers in the world if this passes because they have no respect for international agreements or the UN."Saferworld, a peace lobby group" Spineless cowards and morons who think the world is all peaches and pancakes. This is why we have so many problems in the world. Cowards who do nothing.

If you read he constitution no sitting president is suppose to sit on any council ...This is a violation of the rules set for presidence..Obama from the day he became president sign on to sit on the UN council..Something no USA president in history ever did..I think Obama works for the UN and the one world order they trying to bring all over the world..We do not have to take orders from the UN if it goes against our constitution or bill of right...Not without causing a war with our own military against the UN foreign soldiers here on our lands...I bet anything the liberals will be yelling its bushes fault its bushes fault..

Obama has already found a solution to the problem of ammunition. I can't find ammunition for sale ANYWHERE!

NO Blue uniforms need to be walking the streets of The United States of America,nor TERRORIZING our Citizens.

if you are really worried,do a search on DHS No More Hesitation Targets.If you notice all persons on these targets are WHITE.Makes you wonder.Also funny how this is not shown in ANY news broadcast.In form your friends and family.jpfo (dot) orgShalom...

International arms treaty is meaningless because todays #1 enemy is not a country but an idiology that is intolerable in most of the world and down right evil in the rest.  Nations may agree to limit arms but the life threatening, murdering agents of evil will totally disregard it anyway so there is no point.

Anti-gun treaty proponents continue to mislead the public, claiming the treaty would have no impact on American gun owners. That is wrong. For example, the most recent draft treaty includes export/import controls that would require officials in an importing country to collect information on the 'end user' of a firearm, keep the information for 20 years, and provide the information to the country from which the gun was exported. In other words, if you bought a Beretta shotgun, you would be an 'end user' and the U.S. government would have to keep a record of you and notify the Italian government about your purchase. That is gun registration. If the U.S. refuses to implement this data collection on law-abiding American gun owners, other nations might be required to ban the export of firearms to the U.S.

"Nations gather for final U.N. arms trade treaty negotiations"So after this session fails, they won't waste anymore time on this particular topic, since it's the final gathering?

Let me say this clearly so Washington can understand. I will not now or ever follow or be under the authority of the lying,cheating,corrupt and useless U.N.

No UN agreement of any kind can take away any of our rights within this country, the Constitution guarantees that and if any politician votes for any treaty that would over ride out Constitution, not only should he or she be impeached, but put in prison for life. No one should be allowed to mess with the constitution not even Dianne Feinstein.I can see the black market opening up now.

ban the UN

US out of the UN, and UN out of the US.

maybe the UN should ask Holder to see what he thinks about the illegal exporting of guns.

F the UN!

The US should cut off ALL funding for the UN, we pay the bill and they stick it to us. Remember, don't drop the soap, you won't see it coming until you got it, then it's to late.

desperation from the left they will do anything to disarm america .are founding fathers new this gun control is not about crime it is about the destruction of are country .this is treason these progressives are desperate .and can not continue there plans if they do not get the guns history proves this time and time again wake up america

One more chance for Obama to sell us out.

Our leaders will be traitors if they sign this heinous treaty into law. The government needs to respect the U.S. Constitution. After all, they did raise their hand and swore that they would defend it. It is their obligation to defend it at all cost from foreign and domestic threats, and this treaty is a clear and present threat to our Constitution.

Kerry the Coward and Captain Kenya want no one but the Mexican drug lords to have guns.I guess the freemason's agenda is finally getting into play.

Relax, Tin Foil Hat Alex Jones followingretards, UN treaties don't mean anything in the US.  You should have figured that out by now, but your intellect, as evidenced by "Doomsday Preppers", is severely lacking.

UN and USA will decide who can sell weapons and who don't? Lol

Wow! the rest of the world thinks it is a bad idea to have guns sloshing around like painkillers in Rush Limbaugh's gut!  But the NRA will put a stop to that!