Notice, only after "important" people were hacked did the courts take action.If it were just the "common folks", the courts might very well have said, "Too bad"

that's correct...... they won't say "too bad' though..... they call it a "civil case"......

I saw a book in the book store labeled,Hacking for dummies.

Kind of amusing, actually.  High school football players get a 1 year sentence for raping a drunk 16 year old girl.  Hackers and rapists should all get life.  That MIGHT stop some of the madness.

Yet when illegals steal your identity they get a slap on the wrist

Just because I may leave the door open doesn't mean you can come in and steal my #$%$, and then give it to whoever to do whatever with. It's STILL NOT your #$%$! Something you'll have time to ponder while you're away...

All these computer hacker geeks look like a cross between the Unabomber, Charles Manson, and pseudo hipster types you find at Starbucks.

Those who hack and never say, hang to hack another day.

He should have been given one day for each identity he stole.  120,000 days in the slammer.

This man gets slightly less time than the two juveniles who have been convicted of Raping a sixteen year old who was completely passed out and people are actually complaining about his sentence.America is completely losing it's collective conscience.

He looks like he has an Uncle named Ted Kaczynskimy e-mail address book was hacked a few years ago.  I contacted Yahoo and was told there was nothing they could do about it.  It was embarressing that my doctors, family, and friends got spam mail with my name as sender.  We thought we were protected using firewall and virus protection.  Situations like this is why I do not trust things like ipads or facebook.

will he have access to the internet in jail?

Why don't we use this guy to hack Chinese companies and computers to make up for the damage he has caused here?

I agree, a long prison term is not necessary. Long term does mean 20 years, right? lol

What's up with all the angry "Law and Order" comments?  We're already known abroad as the "Incarceration Nation"...

Auernheimer should give all the hacked info to Wikileaks. Wouldn't you want to know what all the liberals named are plotting next? You wouldn't have to watch MSNBC to find out.

Clever.

ONE count of identity theft? What about the 119,999 people?

Why didn't they just slap his wrist ? Sounds like someone is on the take. . Three years and five months . When he gets out he'll make up for lost time in prison.  Guaranteed. Gary/Jesse P  has the solution , when in doubt cut off their fingers. and noses.

This guy deserves more, but at least he'll find out what having a fuill time boyfriend is all about.The sentence is a good start. How about chop off his fingers to make keyboard use tough?

I never did trust Apple.Instincts are awesome.

Not near enough time.  Ten years would be more appropriate.

Don't pick up the soap, idiot.

The geek poster boy????

The rest of the Headline:  Has two job offers from Apple and the FBI when he is released!

If Google hacks into private wifi, they get a slap on the wrist (a fine)...

Prosecutors said prison time would deter others. LOL What a joke.Let's see know, if that were true, prisons across the country would not be overcrowded with revolving front doors.Yea, boy, ever since that guy way back in 1627 got locked up for life because of a murder, there have not been any murders since, because all those "potential" murderers are scared of going to prison. LOLThe "lock one up" and crime goes away theory. lol

Mickey D's will do it to you every time....

Good! Now he will get hacked.Top Five Signs you might be a Hacker:5. You're a 35 year old male and you live in your mother's basement.4. You honestly believe Red Bull is the new "water".3. You have scraggly facial hair but don't realize it, and live in your mother's basement.2. You're convinced Pizza is a Food Group.and the Number One reason:You're 35 and live in your mother's basement.

Now that he is going to the slammer for a while although not long enough, he can hack a cork company and request plenty of corks and soap on a string.

Just as convicted criminals can’t buy a gun; hackers should be banned from ever buying, owning or having access to electronic devices with a key board. Also, they should serve at least as much time as a Bank robber.

This #$%$ will continue to do what he does so well, in or out of jail.  If he has any conscience, he'll learn a lesson and stay out of people's lives in an attempt to ruin them.  But I doubt it.

They give him 3.5 and teenage football players a year for raping a girl #$%$

Considering what identity theft can do to a person, maybe it should've been 3 1/2 years for each. Louis mentions the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. How do we know he wasn't going to steal money to help fund them.

Hacker = 40 year old virgin!

3 1/2 yrs aye. lol. one wonders if it was worth the price of the whole trial thingy.

One hacker down, a hundred thousand beyond U.S. jurisdiction, to go.

they just showed ATT that there was a problem. There programers should be fired and jailed.Stealing politician's user data should get people medals.

He should have hacked into 10 plus years of Mitten's tax returns.

Cruddy hackers are human cockroaches.

Good -- hackers need to know their actions have consequences.  The internet and personal data is not their's to hijack.

Companies that make this possible should be held accountable as well. If AT&amp;T was competent, stuff like this would NOT happen in the first place.

The mighty Department of Justice catches this jerk..... but Jon Corzine walks amoung us stealing investor money.  #$%$ nice win guys, must have been a  slam dunk

idiot

Yep. Hes in jail and we let out the rapists.

Well then the fbi needs to go to jail too....and that crazy ted nuggent...hes crazy man....wild i tell you...wild!!!

How about they cut his fingers off. He'll do it again and again.Hackers should get the death sentence.

Apple's products are 100% secure, right?  That's what Apple would have everyone believe anyway. If they're so safe how'd this guy steal data about them?

I hope he gets hacked every night in his new pad by the biggest ugliest #$%$ in the bighouse.He is about to be made a #$%$ !

Seems pretty light.  I think anyone who hacks into a computer should get an automatic 10 year sentence and not at some garden club "camp".  We need to do something to deter this activity and prison sentences are one  way to do that.  Soft, white collar punks don't like the thought of going to a real prison...

wow....... this is a civil case...... as far as i am concerned..... how did it become a criminal case????? no harm done.... even lindsay lohan keeps getting plea deals......

He didn't hurt anyone, he just embarrassed big business and a couple of narcissist's.

Whoooaaaaa Nellie!!!  Apple product hacked, company losing its pristine reputation.

should have offered the data for sale to advertisers and called himself something like gooplehoo. He would have been slapped gently on the wrist and instructed not to discard the data; then likely field inquiries from venture capitalists.

Hackers are nothing but common criminals. Their sentences should be much heavier. The same goes for spammers, who are also hackers. One thing Russia did right was sentence their worst spammer to life in prison a few years ago.

And, he'll be free in 3 1/2 years to do it again. This is becoming serious stuff, we need to start putting these guys away for very long periods of time. Start setting examples...They just dont like it because he is smarter than they are. That`s how the FEDS operate

His parents will be happy just to get him out of the house

They ought to cut his @#!!*# hands off.  how much time and money is wasted dealing with self-important little pricks like him.

...and he has a job waiting at Microsoft when he is paroled....

Save us some money.....just chop his hands off and mark his forehead with a symbol.

If these hackers wanted to do something impressive, why don't they hack someone who deserves it....like draining foreign accounts of US companies that evade their taxes and #$%$ on their employees? Now that would be something.

A lot of people don't know if you download software you get pop up junk and trackers, and if you download movies Useing   bit torrent even yahoo torrent search you become a mirror site, as the next movie downloader who live  in you part of the world,you get decided as the mirror site, so if you wonder why you computer go on at night. Or you computer is slow it's because you are up loading the movies you downloaded. That how bit torrent worked. It's not deign hack, you agree to this.

They making point everybody millions  use free wifi but be thankful don't fut around with other people personal stuff. Just surf, any more you go to  jail.

They didn't include the new York times as being hacked as they said  in the first two stories about the American hacker, they  is not pressing charges because it conflict with the stories that they say about  china is hacking theirs web site computers so they back off, does make the media look like fools,

Apple should be hiring this guy for their security team!Scared me for a second. I thought he was on Duck Dynasty. Only kidding. I think those folks on that show would have no use for this guy.

That's it. 3 Years and 5 mos. C'mon, This guy is going to go in andcome out a smart con and be part of a crew and do bigger takedowns.What the heck was the court thinking. Time for some serious lawchange there. He ruined lots of peoples lives that'll take more than3 years and 5 mos to straighten out.

I wonder how it is Murdoch never went to prison for doing the same kinds of things ?

This is good they need to set an example for all would be hackers what will happen to you if you get caught.

That is all with all the damage he has done that is just not enough not at all.I think all of those people should go to higher court and get much more for him in prison and that is a fact.

Anyone that does identity theft should be thrown in prison for a couple of years.  Then they would know what it is liked to take it from the rear from someone you don't know.  Then after their prison sentence, they should not be allowed to use a computer for life.  If they do, they should get the death sentence.  That would detour people from identity theft...

Why don't these smart hackers go and get paid good salaries for their knowledge instead of going to jail for their knowledge?

I disagree... the Federal Government will get this guy to work for their undeground hacker society

Why is it whenever a hacker is arrested they are seen as #$%$ but whenever a hacker or Anonymous do something good that people still hate on them?

So it was an open door? Jury's are stupid. I wouldn't trust my life to 12 mindless zombies.Put these guys away for life.  They are ruining a good thing...as usual.

John Carter! While you are on Earth hacking peoples computers,  your wife on Mars is look for you, and so is the Thark leader's daughter for child support back-pay...shave and a hair-cut, ten cents... ;)

He'll get out in 3-1/2 years and get hired for $250k/yr by some security firm.

Your turn, Leroy...

Bloomberg would advocate smaller computer screens to combat this activity. I'm sure this hacker is not a Republican. He feels entitled to other's property and privacy. He's just the sneeze, the government is the cold.

Nice full face and profile of an Obama voter.

Hope he enjoys prison. He is lucky to get off so lightly. What is wrong with people like him?

HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN GIVEN LIFE. HE IS GOING TO RETURN WITH A VENGENCE. ,,,,, you serve two and a half years per ten. So he actually is getting about 6 months in jail. Not bad for a hacker. He should have gotten life.

A hacker gets 3 and 1/2 years in prison and 2 rapers get 1 year...what is wrong with our justice system.....oh yeah, they were football players.

should  be  10 yearsNobody in the Government or Wallstreet get convicted for all of their crimes.

Why can't hacker's do something good for society and destroy the lives of people who deserve it, the wall street #$%$ with names like Ken Lewis, Lloyd Blankfield and Gary Cohn.

forgot too mention this:FBI PULLS HACKER OUT OF JAIL AND CLEANS HIM UP AND USE HIM IN THE FBI FOR PERSONAL USE ! they have done it ,im sure if the opty....arose and presinted itself too him he would take it....just a thought i might add for ya.his get a jail card !

hope the jailers punch him out and pepper spray his balls.

Yet bankers commit massive and systemic fraud, bribery, perjury, manipulation of interest rates, launder billions for drug cartels, trade with terrorists, front run stock trades, cheat on taxes, manipulate commodity prices and evict servicemen from their homes -- all WITHOUT criminal prosecution?The rule of law is dead in the United States.

Anyone commenting on fitting punishment for this hacker need to truly think your response over in a justice system frame of mind. If this was your son or family member would the removing of their fingers be fitting punishment? Or hanging them? No! To stop this he needs to be made an example of. First after all the plea bargaining and sentencing he should have to work closely with the FBI's CyberCrime Division in Atlanta Georgia to educate them what steps he used to hack into databases he was not authorized to access. Then show them how to prevent such access. After he has done this he begins to serve the sentence the court has required him to serve. If he has wealth, then the court should levy fines against such wealth to compensate for his hacking. Then after his sentence has been satisfied, continual monitoring of his IP address (As distinctive as a human fingerprint) to any sensitive database site. Do this and future offenders will think long and hard about what will happen to them if they try to engage in computer related crimes.

The hacker needs to be taken to the woods, tied to a tree, fed one cracker and one cup of water for a year, if he lives that long. That my friends is how I feel about hackers.

Another " ...walked into an unlocked door.." excuse. So lame.  Does that mean if your wife is wearing a short skirt, men can rape her?

". . . he concocted the fiction that he was trying to make the Internet more secure . . . ."The last refuge of scoundrel hackers.

white cavemanHe should have stolen some DISPOSABLE RAZORS..........................

once the war on the fed starts the sheep will wake up

Pathetic journalist is pathetic. "They used an account slurper"? Account Slurper is the name of a specific piece of software, not a generic name for anything that does the same job. I should know, I helped create it. If you don't know what you're talking about, how about you just leave it to journalists who know about IT instead of just making stuff up?

Hackers should be made examples of.  Hacking is worse than armed bank robbery since it affects more people for a potentially longer period of time (ID theft).  A very long sentence with permanent isolation from the Internet would be appropriate.

Now if they would please do the same to the robo-phone callers!

The dude doesnt looks like a Chinese military guys, look more like a #$%$ hillbilly.

I still cant get it, he got twice more then rapists who raped 16 years old.What country was his trial? i guess it was not supidville!So next time rape some one instead of steal u ll get at least half less time and not talking about how hard victims lawyer would have to work to actualy prove it! So its win win anyway

DEREK ! ahahah that was funny! lol

We are the world largest hacker,find out the membership of 2600 the hacker magazine, it's out computers guys all grown up like this dude,2600 mag. they teach you how to hack, sell it  book stores .and online you can even buy a special filmware  router 300.00 that hack pass word protected in 20 minutes, can't see why the dumb agency are all talk and they are just  the hundreds of site that sell hacking information and software online.

AT&amp;T has partnered with Apple in the United States to provide wireless service on the iPad. After the hacking, it shut off the feature that allowed email addresses to be obtained.A part of the story that was missed completely; Most of the companies have in fact abilities to protect the datd that they are entrusted with by the service subscribers, however, it would cost more and threfore the security is at the minimum and Apple’s system has the worst security among its peers.He should have got the death penalty, or let him stay in a death row inmates cell for a month

No wonder the U. S. has 25% of the worlds prisoners with only 5% of the worlds population.I'm not saying what he did was right I'm saying the system is out of control. Face it we live in a police state.

So if I choose to rob a bank thu an ulocked door I can claim I'm trying to make the financial institutions a safer place? In that case there are multiple bank officers trying really hard!  And it works for them!

Wow,you do not get that much time for rape.

So. . . . That explains how one of my grown kid's e-mail got hacked, I guess!  Maybe he should be barred from computer use for life, unless he wants to join one of the military services and use his skill against out enemies for, oh, the next, say, 6 to 12 years.   120,000 victims?  12 sounds about right.

LOL! this is some kind of joke! He got 3 1/2 year for stealing i pad data and those #$%$ heads who raped that 16 years old ine got 1 year and  another got 2 years!Lol this is crazyy! so for stealing u get 4 years for rape plus under age u get 1 max 2 years

ROFL... iPad data...

Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Really Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Finally, Good, Good, Good!!!!!!!!

eat my a  s  s. yea you

shoulda stipulated that upon release ,if connected in any way again,with said,,10 years minimum will be assessed/with no parole..........hate these time wasting A/Holeswas china behind this in any way

it takes some people around 7 years to recover from being hacked, if they recover at all. and this guy only gets 3.5 years for over a hunded thousand thefts. something is not adding up here.is that around 9 hours per theft ? or 9 minutes. either way it shows a corrupt system.

He should have gotten anther 3 years for a bad beard...

put him in with the rapists and murderers

not nearly enough jail timelock him up for 10 years and make an example out of him

a person with a dui whos only had a couple of beers will get more punishment than this clown who stole. what is wrong with this country? this guy shouldnt see daylight for at least 25 years.

In my opinion that is no different than him breaking into my house. If i catch him in my house, I am justified in deadly force.  Why does he walk with 3 1/2 years? Make it so he won't want to do it again when he gets out of prison in 50 years...

a billy club across his face a few times real hard would make him afraid to ever look at a computer again.   That and the prison sentence he got would be sufficient for me.   Hack my info and I will hunt that person down like a dog until I find him.

Good!, they throw more of these jerks in jail for longer then maybe the rest of them will get the hint. Go back to watching Star Trek for your jollies and leave our data the hell alone.

You should have giving him a job...hacking the bad guys instead of jail.I seen him in the corner coffee shop I knew he was up to something.

Identity theft implies some financial transactions were made.  I do not see that.  I see no money changing anywhere in this article.  What precisely did the victims experience?  Accessing my email is not identity theft, it's just invading perceived privacy.  I used perceived because about any computer thing you use has something called a "Privacy Policy" and "End User License Agreement" which basically function to invade your privacy and leave you no recourse.  Again, not identity theft.  Just loads of email spam and junkmail.

each theft should be counted as seperatethat's 120 000 "items" he stoleexecute himonly fair

Anybody got a match? Torch that red taliban beard.

He should have got 1 year for every person stolen from.

Stupid, the guy didn't really hack anything, he simply accessed a public website that ATT failed to secure properly. If he had a better lawyer, he could simply counter sue ATT.

Shave this guy's beard off and then hang him upside down by his balls.

He can always commit suicide...

R White People CRAZY? First Guns now they want to give good people a HACK ATTACK?! jut like Josh..Both will get a SLAP ATTACK in prison...daily.!

leave zztop alone it's been awile since there last hitIDOL...