Japan would ply the US market more open. If successful, the other Asian nations will follow suite, as before.

Japan is expecting some goodies from US from playing this game. Of course US as a superpower can afford that.

All i see is the bloody period, puzzle me , where is the surrender flag

Can't conquer US militarily, Japan now is learning from China -- conquer US economically. The west is doomed, twice.

At least he is trying something new.

Abe had many chips in hand "auto, insurance and agricultural markets" is pass tense . Now should be Bank, Financial Market, and technologies. Foreign auto not able run on japan countryside. Foreign insurance not cover much items that happen in Japan (ie, Radioation..). Foreign Food items not fit Japan (ie, any Whale &amp; Tuna ? ..). US must get their Forex, stock, cash and technology market. That is the present Power!!

Fully electric transit would make a good export too.USA car manufacturers refuse to put solar generaters on top.

All Japan needs to do is implement a Cyprus-style confiscation of 10% of all bank deposits in all banks in Japan and they will be just fine.  Grow Brass Mr. Prime Minister, sometimes you need to be a LEADER.

For every export sent to the U.S., they take back the same amount of tsunami junk /trash that has hit the shores here in the U.S.

I hope he goes heavy on missile defense,exoskeleton mass production and under water border surveillance and defenseF japan

日本、がんばれ！

First, Japan tried the "japan's greater east asia co-prosperity sphere" by invading and enslaving the rest of Asia that lead to the world wars. It even bombs Pearl Harbor towards that goal. Now, it is helping its enemy from Washington to re-enslave Asia (using TPP) since the Pearl Harbor gambit failed. The gambit failure led to A-bombs treatment from Washington. Abe's new gambit will lead to H-bomb treatment from Beijing and US marines will be incinerated together with Japees.

This really does not matter. Japan economy will collapse by 2014 when the current euphoria wears out. Japans has tapped out the domestic bond buyers. Abe is trying to monetarize the debt (by printing money). Last leg!

Pacific Rim free trade pact？Oh heck, it is just a Trans Pacific Puppet-ship treaty, Why cannot you agree?(The fairy tale the President depicted this way is not anything else, but only fairy tale.)No longer treacherous our leader PM Abe is genius our vanguard.We will never give it up that our specimens would deserve No.!.Ain't you OK?

Happy ending at_____bubida____+++++++++++++

I like Japan. If they start sending things here I would buy them, provided it wasn't made in China, everything made in china!!!

go Abe-san!!

am I seeing a baboon butt on the upper left hand corner of the photo? is Abe giving speech in the zoo? freaking japs are obscene.

I want some sushi.I want some sushi.

dont get too excited, Japanese are too smart and frugal to buy foreign made *&amp;*^

The market crash and Depresssion are forthcoming...Don't bet on it!!!

Joining the talks does not mean joining the pact.  Watch and learn.

No substantial economic activity is left in America, what does this PM of Japan expect from America. America can not afford to support Japan anymore. In the last to decades, weather Japanese like it or not, the  reality is that the USA considered Japan as economic enemy and did anything to destroy Japan's economy.

How about coming up with a plan to remove all the garbage that's stuck at sea and washed up on OUR shores from the tsunami that hit you????

The difference is Japan lacks external support and most Asian countries are not supportive of Japan for its atrocities leading to WW2.  Japan will be more isolated as China gains eminence and China's huge domestic market will be out of reach for Japan.  Japan is plotting its own doom, decades later, for being unrepentant and for trying to re-write history.  All over Asia, when there are alternatives, people are buying Korean products instead of Japan's.