I wonder if all those security guys are Swiss guards, my guess is yes.

The Swiss guards a contingent of 300 catholic men of Swiss nationality are the colorful guards you see.In addition many of those men are also plain clothes who are the popes bodyguards.The Vatican has a security/police detail (after all it is a city within in a city), and the Commissioner is the lead person for the security of the Pope and the Vatican.There are many other plain clothes security (police) along the Popes routes.When in Roma, then in addition to the Popes security contingent there is the Italian military, police etc.

I'm atheist, but I always like a person who genuinely cares about people .. I never felt that Benedict's heart was in it. I hope this man can fix the church!

Though he probably gives his security detail fits, he seems both a man of the people and for the people.  And one with a heart.

I'm not Catholic, not Christian, and not even religious, but so far, I LIKE THIS GUY!

That's a busy street where Francis took his stroll from Cheisa Santa Anna, with Church buildings on one side and stores and restaurants on the other.  Street vendors often clog the area as well.  It says a lot that the Pope would so easily and readily mingle with the faithful outside the Vatican gate.

He refused the pope mobile, rode with the cardinals to dinner, dismissed the MC and spoke directly to the people gathered in the square, and now this............Looks to me like he is a man of the people, not rituals and regulations

It's becoming more and more clear as each day passes, that Pope Francis is a Peoples" Pope and wants to be among them at and given momenet. Yes, he is probably giving fits to his security people, but still, he doesn't want to hide behind them.  I mean, look at him. he comes out a side door to greet his followers afer he leads Mass! Prior to the mass, he stands outside and allows people to touch him, pat him on the back. He jokes with the people. Then he looks at his PLASTIC watch and tells people, "I must go, they are waiting for me inside." I made this comment many times already, and the more I read and learn about this man, the more I like him.  So far, I am seeing I am not alone.

A "Man of The People".  Love this!!  Really, really do...

I pray he heals the Church.  He seems like the answer we have been looking for.  God richly bless Francis.

This guy is shaking things up. "Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often" - Mae West.I don't know how many of you are old enough to remember John Paul I (whose papacy lasted only a little over one month before he died suddenly), but Pope Francis starting off much like John Paul I did.  I pray he lives much longer!

To answer the folks who strive to remove Goodness from humanity, instances of child abuse are much greater in the general public than among priests. Therefore, you are stereotyping against the reality and proving your anti-Christ agenda.I personally support the original teachings of Jesus above the Church.  Pope Francis seems likely to help achieve bringing Catholics closer than ever to those teachings.

Not since John Kennedy have I seen something like this.

I've been around a lot of stuffed shirt clerics. They can learn a lot from Pope Francis.

"Breaking with tradition, Pope Francis delivered off-the-cuff remarks about God's power to forgive instead of reading from a written speech for the first Sunday window appearance of his papacy."It's official -- he's a wildman

I hope the new pope breaks all the rules.  These rules have long needed to be rewritten.

I hope he gives billions of dollars to the poor, that should get him fired but just think how many people will join his church.

I'm not even Catholic.  But, I think I might like this new pope!

He doesn't need protection, because God is his ultimate protection. God gives life, and God takes it away no matter how much protection someone has. That is faith in God, and that's what a lot of the powerful and the greedy seem to not have faith in. That's why they spend millions of dollars in security details to protect themselves.

A people's Pope. Vive!Sounds like he might just be human . Someone who has views of moral value for a change .He does have his work cut out for him , Maybe he can put the broken pieces of decades worth of misguided sheep back together . He will have my prayers that he can bring back some morals to the catholic church that seem to have been lost for decades . Francis  May God Bless You !

Pope Francis said, "The core message of God is that of mercy. God has an unfathomable capacity to pardon. People are often harder on each other than God is toward sinners." -- I'm not a Catholic, but I've been trying to remember that.

Pope Francis seems to be both sincere and humble, a true man of the people. I am not Catholic (I am Agnostic), so I say this as someone who tends to be cynical and definitely not biased toward the Roman Catholic Church. To the contrary, I disagree with most of the RCC's positions on social issues. However, while I will probably disagree with him on many issues, Pope Francis seems to be a particularly good person and so far I have a lot of respect for him.

God, oil, gun and gay. Amazing how a few three letter words can bring out such hate in people.

Whether youre religious or not &amp; no matter your religion if you are all people should behave like good people and help others particularly those less fortunately then them especially since most people today expect people better off then them even when your already well off to help you out anyway. The least one can then do is help those below them. You dont need to be religious or support religion to realize that. Non religious people should help others just as much as those who are should because its the right thing to do.

Things are going to change for sure. Pope Francis is a Jesuit and they don't mess around. Pray for forgiveness? Absolutely.Praying for forgiveness is not giving the gays a free reign or excuse to partake in un-natural sex acts. Forgiveness is not permission to get an abortion.Living a life based on ideals is much different than living a life based on titillation, whims, and fancies based on what might be popular or un-popular at the moment. Ideals are on the inside beyond emotions or desires.

He seems like a good guy.Unfortunately the damage is done within the Church and I'm curious to see how he gets people to trust in the hierarchy again.

if you want thumbs down just mention  the word gay is a sin

Seems to be an open and honest human being, imagine that !!

I like this. The name he got as FRANCIS....from the get go he is standing with his past.I see changes on the horizon,big time.God bless him for standing for the poor and the ordinary people.I am not overly religious, but I understand that everyone has to believe in what they feel most comfortable. If we are to evolve, we have to aspire to be better than we are."When I do good, I feel good; when I do bad, I feel bad, and that is my religion."- Abraham Lincoln

he wants to wins ppls trust again, at least for now he is taking correct steps

I just hope he lasts awhile.  I have a real gut feeling he is shaking things up so much, and more to come, he may not last long.  There are more ways to stop him besides natural death - read tween the lines - as there are too many entrenched old fogies in the church who are not going to be happy with him.  Just saying.  He might want to get an official taster.

Every now and then, something positive happens in this world.

Now that's a security nightmare is there ever is one, I bet he won't be doing that to often or he really won't survive very long.

At the end of the mass, Pope Francis closed wih the traditional 'Tutti Homini"-God bless mankind. A group of female activists reminded His Holiness that women were also God's children. He agreed and changed his closing statement to "Tutti Homini et Tutti Femini". Also in attendence were members of the Rainbow Coalition who reminded the Pope that gays were also in the Lords flock. The next week, Pope Francis closed with "Tutti Homini, Tutti Femini, et Tutti Fruiti".

Why doesnt he have a coat of arms yet? And if he does, why hasnt he hung it from his window at speeches? His coat of arms display is empty.

a Jesuit pope ,the black pope?

Remember he is an embassador of God, a man. God overall wants a relationship with you; for us not to be idol worshipers. I look at the pictures and many people treat him like a rock star. KEEP YOUR EYES FOCUSED ON JESUS...............................

Beatlemania hits the Vatican!this pope seems like a sincere person and nice guy.  my fear is he will be killed if he keeps walking around out in the open like that.

He is so popular these days, like a shining super star. Best wishes to him.

Isn't he just exactly what the world needs?  WELL ISN'T HE? or is he?Romans 16:18 For such people are not serving our Lord Christ, but their own appetites. By smooth talk and flattery they deceive the minds of NAIVE people.2 Timothy 4:3 For the time will come when people will NOT put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.2 Timothy 4:4 They will turn their ears AWAY from the TRUTHS and turn aside to myths.Jeremiah 6:14 They dress the wound of my people as though it were not serious. 'Peace, peace,' they say, when there is NO peaceIsaiah 30:10 who say to the seers, “Do not see,” and to the prophets, “Do not prophesy to us what is right; speak to us SMOOTH things, prophesy illusions,

Our corrupt politicians need to learn from this pope, that they were elected to serve the people, and not the interest of the powerful and greedy.

The Pope is 5 days old,so he has plenty of time to confront the issues. Rome wasn't built in a day.

It's all good so far.  Staying in touch with the people is what great leadership is all about.

This Pope will not last long, cause some nut job will hurt him or worse. It is great that he is a humble man who cares for people....but, he has to be careful as well  DTA!

The Yahoo homepage is a disaster!

The crime spree Vatican.Playing Jesus is a case for blasphemy.Excummunication of all these frauds.

Reportedly, he left his security detail literally scrambling to keep up with him. He was very happy with people reaching out and touching him in a crowd of 200.000. He reached out to them as well. I don't know how long the Vatican's draconian security staff will let him get away with this. Shocked parishoners at Vatican City's Santa Anna Church said that Benedict never visited them or said Mass there.May God Bless and Protect our new Pope !

It's shameful and blasphemous that this "man" is held in such high esteem; and many hold him in higher esteem than God.  I know a lot of people are in for a big surprise during the second coming.

What a hateful bunch you anti-religous zealots are...

This pope poops like everybody else does.

God bless him , seems like a humble leader.

He's going to assasinated if he keeps this up, we have twice as many nutjobs and fanatics than 25 years ago, all looking to come from the obscure and into history books.

It's interesting to observe so many frightened and hateful people here. If you don't care about religion or the Pope or the church why waste you time post here? Does it make you feel better to share your fear and anxiety with total strangers? For some of you there is absolutely nothing this man of God has, can or will ever do, that will make you happy and that is the problem. You are incapable of seeing any of the good in God and faith. Sad really.

Pope Francis must have read my mind, it was the day he was named Pope, I said, it would be fantastic if he would stroll down and greet the great audience of the faithfuls in person.  Friends said, he could never do that, what with all the crazies roaming among us.  However, think of the impact that gesture would have created.  After all, Jesus would have walked among us.

I'm not Catholic.  But I do like this guys style.  I think he will bring a new feel to how the leadership relates to the people of the church- and this will be a good thing!

I am sure that the Pope's security and insurance companies will not let him do this very much.Pope Francis hasn't been the pope for a week yet, and i finally like one.. Since one pope got shot,  The popes had moved their faith in God to bullet proof glass..This one seems to trust God for his safety..Showing me he has faith in the God that he is representing..

I find it humorous the amount of intolerance for atheism by so-called Christians.  You want freedom for your particular religion, but for no one else, especially those of no religion.

Pope Francis.....truly a breath of fresh air!

As past Catholics, we left the church because of all the past child molestations from all over the U.S. There is no forgiveness with behavior of this kind from church leaders - period.If this Pope truly wants to start clean, he should invoke that all associated with the Church must have a Polygraph test for child molestation. If a Priest or Cardinal or any other church official shows that they have had past transgressions, then they would be removed from the church - period. No moving around of their fellow pals anymore either Then, any new Priest coming into the church would also have to past a lie detector test yearly to remain in his position. It is the only way to start clean and fresh and to get back millions of dissatisfied Catholics that have left the church. Talk is cheap, do something constructive and clean this church of it's past sins and pedophiles.

I hope with the new pope it could bring the world together as one in love and peace.

He should melt down all the gold in the Vatican to give to the poor...Gold does not make prayers any stronger.

It's one thing to have 'self-deprecating' humor, it's fantastic when a Leader has Systemic self deprecation.

At least ignorant can be educated. Stupid can not be educated.

Ignorance is not bliss.

People should give him credit, the last Pope told priest's directly to lie about Child Abuse and Child SlaveryHe needs to have a sense of humor and be a man of the people to fix that problem quickly.he is a breath of fresh air .  i hope he continues to be  a people's  pope.

God bless the Pope.  The man has lived without an entire lung for 60 years and he is walking around,climbing stairs, smiling.  Is it a miracle? I'm not sure, but the holy spirit seems to be breahing life into him to preach God's word.

I'm going to church today to celebrate the real God.

I wish we get politicians elected in office with moral values like this pope.

Actually...I'm impreseed so far....but then again, its to early to really judge...

We need help, maybe he is the one, to set up us on the right track.

I really like this, I don't want too see him hurt. But I love how he is giving his Security Detail grief.

I love that Pope Francis seems to be Pope for and of the People and I am respecting this man more and more everyday, but I really hope he doesn't risk his safety too much. Viva el Papa Francisco!

And without the "Pope Mobile".  Knew nothing about him before, starting to like this guy

Is he a "great man" because he gave some speeches? or is he a "great man" because a bunch of cardinals that hide pedophiles voted for him? or is he a "great man" because he actually did something... and what is that something? What did he do?Grow up you haters.  Sounds like you know nothing about anything.  God Bless you, Pope Francis and keep you safe.

I bet the bald guy and all the other "suits" have Assault Weapons on them. Look at the people, no wonder you can treat them like Sheep!

Seems like he's gonna be a lot like JP II. That's a good thing for the Catholic church. The last guy was DEFINITELY a wet dish towel and just seemed to be going through the motions. I'm not religious at all but I got a good feeling about this new guy and wish him well and good luck.

I think we have Peter The Roman after all. Surely the shoes of the fisherman fit him well.

The new Pope is refreshing and welcome !  He's quite different from other world leaders.

Hopefully; Pope Francis will bring about the massive overhaul that the Catholic religion is so desperately in need of.This is not a criticism of past evils, or injustices; just a hope for the future.

Seems better than most...............but none of the papacy/Vatican stuff originated from the Holy Bible, or the beginnings of the Christian Religion.   It's a manly custom, not from God.

infallible - ADJECTIVE:1. Incapable of erring: an infallible guide; an infallible source of information.2. Incapable of failing; certain: an infallible antidote; an infallible rule.3. Roman Catholic Church Incapable of error in expounding doctrine on faith or morals.No man is infallible in any way except one and they placed him on a Cross!

the pope better be careful !you never know ......

God forgives but the justice system cannot.The haters can hate all they want but it appears that the conclave made an excellent choice.

He's rather brave to do this knowing how many crazy radical Islamist there are out there right now. One thing's for sure, Barack Odumba would never have the balls to do this at a random place with a random crowd. The only way Obummer would have the guts to do this is if was a setup with a crowd that was hand picked and went through weeks of background checks and investigations by the secret service first.

Evil is as Evil does.

If this new pope makes 1.2 billion people happy that will be a great start for everybody. Already showing signs he cares and fears no man to get his appointed job accomplished through compassion and truth. More then I could ever say about Obama and politicians in general, from the USA. Good luck Pope you are on the right path. Unlike other new figures in our lives now a days with an agenda of lies and selfish policies out for nothing but fame and fortune and he's half way there. Prey for the Pope. Hope for Obama's defeat.

St. Peter's Square. That's not very nice. Meek, humble yes, but square?

His message of mercy is so true. Why is it that most people..myself included has found forgiveness so hard to give? I pray that i will change, it is so emotionally straining to hold grudges, i personally want to be a more loveing and forgiveing person.

Pray for The Holy Father that God keeps him and helps him to guide us toward a more Holy Life.  Long live Pope Francis.

Hopefully this Pope will do what others never did. I highly doubt it though. The Catholic Church has been filled with so much dirt, covered up so many illegal actions. I just don't see how they will wash themselves clean. I find it odd that since most of America, the UK, even Ireland have strongly rejected the Church, that they choose a Pope from the one region of the world the Catholic faith is growing. Not a American, not a Italian, not a Polish, and now not a Irish. Where else could they choose? Which isn't a bad thing, it's just questionable. The Catholic Church doesn't make a move unless it benefits them #1. As an ex-Catholic I wish them the best.

Church attendance would go back up if they would torture people like they used to.

It used to be that non-believers would keep their atheism to themselves. Quietly, unassumingly living their lives and not trying to disrupt or destroy the lives of people with faith. Now, they push their atheism as if IT were a religion. They TRY to dismantle faith and religion, which is an attempt on their part to destroy people's lives. Why do they do this? It is through liberalism, which is the tool of Satan. Liberals are minions of the devil. It simply is evil.Will he kick the money lenders out of the vatican?

Just curious.....If the Pope is The Vicar of Christ...God on earth...etc...etc....why does he ask people to "pray" for him? I thought he had a direct conduit to the Big Kahuna himself???I guess curious and confused.

Apparently a good, forthright man! He believes in individual liberty, the right to life, and is clear on morality. Like Pope John Paul II, this pope will cause endless nightmares for Tyrants, statists, populist thugs, materialists, socialists, communists, murderous atheists, and other (so-called) "progressives" for many years to come...I hope!Viva il Papa!

Is that Ashton Kutcher in the background, kind of right-center?

Painful to watch Chris Mathews talking honesty on meet the liberals.

To prevent gods chosen one from being killed by nasty men, the chosen one is surrounded by good men with guns....

He views a blessing from a priest to be as holy as a blessing from the Pope himself.  He does not elevate himself as better than thou.  His humility will hopefully be a lesson to us all.  Catholic, or not, Christian, or not, Atheist or not, Pope Francis is walking in the ways of Christ and demonstrating what a real Christian should be, humble, grateful, and not judgmental.  I believe he will change the opinion people have on the church.  I believe he has done so already.

More pedophile incidents and there will be a mass exodus from that organization. No cash, no existence.

For you Christain haters.We forgive you !

This guy gets my vote for POPE OF THE YEAR.“Pope Decries Genocide in 70% Catholic Nation,” -National Catholic Reporter

This is going to make my sister-in-law really happy. She is the best thing that ever happened to our family, her marrying my brother. She is a devout Catholic, but a fantastic person, not judgmental, funny, loving, athletic  woman. She makes my brother really happy.

For all those who want social justice, please join a church/synagogue/mosque, and prompt your faith-based institution to achieve it--and leave our secular govt alone!  Viva la Papa.

Open the records! When he confesses the sins of the Church in aiding and abetting the longtime pedophilic nature of priests and others, then forgiveness has a chance to take root. Until then however, he's just another enabler.

I work in the hospital and I can tell you, most of Christian haters for whatever reasons, at the last day of their life, they always reconciled with the Lord.  God bless their beautiful souls.  You can bashing the church while you are still alive and have the energy to do it,  but hopefully you have enough time to reconcile with him at the last minute.  Peace.

The Pope just finished a tour of the East Coast and was taking a limousine to the airport. Since he'd never driven a limo, he asked the chauffeur if he could drive for a while. The reluctant chauffeur pulled over along the roadside, climbed into the back of the limo, and the Pope took the wheel. The Pope then merged onto the highway and accelerated to over 90 mph to see what the limo could do.Suddenly, the Pope noticed the blue light of the State Patrol in his side mirror, so he pulled over. The trooper approached the limo, peered in through the windows, then said, "Just a moment please, I need to call in."The trooper called in and explained to the chief that he had a very important person pulled over for speeding. "How do I handle this, chief?" asked the trooper. "Is it the Governor?" questioned the chief. "No! This guy is even more important!""Is it the President?" asked the chief."No! Even more important!""Well, who the heck is it?" screamed the chief."I don't know, sir," replied the trooper, "but he's got the Pope as his chauffeur."

Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah!!!!

wow they treat him like he's a god. I guess some people will just never learn. Religion got the world so screwed up. Got the masses worshiping and believing in "a man" .... just look at that picture how they trying to touch him as if he were Jesus.

He seems like a great guy. Kudos.

This Pope is 'Unique!' They sure don't make them like him anymore.He seems to be doing just what's needed at this time.

I love it when you call me Big Poppa.

And I'm sure every pre-pubescent boy got groped in the process.

I love this man!!! He is honest, open and human. I do wish, however, that they would stop talking about Benedict. He had his chance, gave it up and now he needs to remain in seclusion unseen or heard from for the rest of his earthly life. Francis is the man now. It is wonderful to see a man who chooses to avoid all the trappings of the pomp and circumstance associated with the office. I look forward to seeing very little of the garments that scream wealth. I am Catholic and have to say I have never been comfortable with all the show of wealth that oozed from the Vatican. God bless Francis and may he live a long and healthy life.

the thing i like about the catholic religion is it is less political and less to judge then others i believe they  should preach the gospel and let the individuals interpret the meaning with a little bit of guidance the message comes from god to youactually i enjoy the sisters more so than the monks they do play a big part in the church but it would be nice to see an introduction of them into leadership rolesJesus held his mom in high esteem and i believe Mary Magdalene  was an apostle so  i think the church introducing this would be a wonderful step forward we do see alter girls in the church and is quite common in the states

Can't wait until Biden insults the pope.  Perhaps try to explain why he is proabortion but yet should receive communion.

Did anyone get healed by touching the hem of his garment, No. Did the infirmities disappear when his shadow passed by, No. HE"S JUST A MAN.

Really Cool Pope!!!I'm a " Run of the Mill" American Christian, but I think I will go to a Catholic Curch today.  Maybe there is more of God there.

The church could be so much more if it would just clean up it's act and get rid of all of the pedo-priests, bishops and cardinals.  Let them get married if they want to because this will attract "normal" men to the priesthood.  Let nuns be priests if they want to.  Give women the say they deserve.  That's the kind of Catholic church I want.

Imagine a world where no one believed in supernatural beings.Do they sell any pope soap on a rope there?

And in related news, it is rumored in Washington that the President is considering delivering his next weekly speech from a second floor window of the White House.

I like this guy!!!

I'm not religious at all. I do believe in believe in an afterlife and some sort of God. I also think organized religion can be benefical to people based on neuroscience studies I read. As long as it's not a form of religion that is extreme. The interesting thing is the neuroscience studies I read said an extremist brain is not as well developed as a person who follows a more moderate form of religion. The Atheist brains were the same as the extremist. It was only one section of the brain that was underdevloped. The section is the part where we ponder spirtual matters and also when we are compassionate. It also found that they tend to not as happy as people that follow religion or who are spiritual.Many Atheist seem to just as hateful and crazy as fundamentalist. The few nice ones I met were very depressed and negative.  I feel sorry for them. They don't need to follow organized religion, but they should at least open their minds up some. It could only help them.

Well he's certainly winning over the hearts of very 'hungry for love' people. that would include most everyone.Read Revelation if you DARE.

It will be interesting to see how the new pope handles the pedophile issue.  It seems one should hope the offending clergy (collectively or otherwise) have yet to breathe a sigh-of-relief.

- try to talk to a Catholic about their Church's mistakes &amp; you get denial &amp; deflection- try to talk to a Republican about their party's mistakes &amp; you get denial &amp; deflection- try to talk to a Democrat about their party's mistakes &amp; you get denial &amp; deflectionAnyone out there seeing a pattern here?

Sick cult

Why do we need super heroes? The Pope has a super hero costume, he has a super hero car, and he fights evil. Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.....Popemaaaaaan.

A "window appearance?"  Is he in Amsterdam?The pope carries his own bags. Cooked his own meals as a cardinal. Speaks in Italian. Speaks without a prepared speech. … What next? Brushes his own teeth? Reads books on his own? Eats beans without getting gassy? Awesome!!!!!!!!  Definitely pope material.

As a former Catholic, this Pope may be the reason I may come back. I only hope his humility will be copied by his priests, bishops and cardinals.

I was very impressed by the POPE s first presentation, he spoke the TRUTH and the TRUTH has set him free, may GOD be with him and protect him until such time, AMEN.

I have always loved everything Franciscan, and now this ex-RC can love the Pope.  Have often thought of a return to the church of my rearing...who knows?!?!!!!!!  What a blessing, not only to the church, but to the world!

The smearing of a good man, the Pope, has already began from the left progs.Same on them, he worked with the poor and AIDS victims in Argentina, but the left is never happy with a good person. Their mission is to destroy anything good or moral.

I'm just curious, how many Cahtolic and Pope bashers out there today are celebrating St. Patricks day? You know, seeing as how St. Patricks day is the feast day of a Catholic saint, kind of just makes you hypocrites for using it as an excuse to get drunk of your @zz, doesn't it?

How does this help the Rape Victims?

i thank God for giving us a new pope there's a new light for us catholics let's keep praying for unity of the church

Moving all of the Pedophile priests from the Catholic Church to the Boy Scouts - now THAT's progressive!

There is only one Mediator between God &amp; Man with regard to our Sin.........and it isn't the pope or a priest...........It is Jesus Christ Alone.  He decides who is in the Church and who isn't.  Our Sin is what seperates us from God ......And putting your faith in Christ and what he accomplished at the cross to pay the penalty for your sin ......and believe that God raised him from the dead will forever change your life.  Seek him (Christ) while he may be found.There has been child molesting in every religion and never talked about, but its out in the open now and should not ever happen again. Please talk to your young children and let them know if anyone touches them to come forth and talk to you! i have always talked to my son about everything that could happen, i tell my him all the time, you can tell me anything no matter what good or bad, i will always love you. I pray nothing bad ever happens. But we as parents need to give them advise before things happen.

I'm not Catholic and not really religious, but it seems like they elected a genuinely good guy this time around.  Hopefully he can put the Catholic church on a better path.

Steeped in tradition and ritual.

Does touching him give you an extra dose of magical powers?

For you  Papel bashers;It is lent &amp; I forgive you.

To you pope insulters;I will pray for you &amp; you can't stop me-.

I really like this Pope. The abuse will stop this Pope is not going to put up with it. He loves people and mostly children. He needs to be careful there are some really crazy people around.

"Thou shalt have no other gods before me"

Got the beanie cap on.

They'll use this guy to bring in lots of cash then off him and bring back in one of the "good o'l boys"Lets pray for those who love to hate.  Everything has both sides and these people just like their friends in the media do not like positivity but negativity.  learn to live a joyful life full of hope and happiness and love, probably at the end of your final day, you will find peace at last.

im not catholic, but so far, (knock on wood), I like this guy.

Wow, a 76-yr old Pope who is getting rock star treatment and not using a prompter or script. Obama must be really #$%$ off.

No human being, in this case our new Pope, was accepted for what he really is. For thepast 2000 years, every Pope was accused for something or other. My God, even JESUSwas accused and put to death!  No one can please everyone, so is it any wonder WHYPope Francis in his very first 5 minutes of Papacy, asked for our help and prayers?

Religious ConversionsPeople were often tortured to force religious conversions. They also faced torture because they may have committed heresy against the established church. Thousands were tortured during the Inquisition on the pretext of religious heresy or conversion, although Inquisitors in general were often motivated by more earthly concerns - they took over the estates and wealth of their victims

He may be a real people person, but theres weirdos out there in the world that hate the pope....he needs to be smart here....

The "general public" hasn't been "entrusted" with the care and education of our children, who when they are raped by a priest, not only breaks faith with the religious masses who supported the religion, but incurs the wrath of Jesus who clearly said:  Mark 9:42"And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea."Failure to address child rape as a "crime" undermines the Churches' questionable "ability" to realistically lead as well as making light of Jesus' own words on this matter!

does anyone realize that these atrocities are not limited to the catholic faith??  the unthinkable happens just as much in any religion, and COVERED up, by the higher up men establishment!  baptist, protestant,amish, hindu, muslim.....etc....the protestant missionary groups to 3rd world countries, the past decades and centuries, has pedophelia accounts in the thousands!!!!   missionay parents go off to preach, while their children were preyed upon by "caring", "teachers".......its happened all over, not just catholic. ya, these are covered up too.....sick!

For those who have no faith and love to bashing the church : " The Pharisees bought a woman who had been caught in adultery to Jesus.....  They asked Jesus what he has to do to this woman because according to their laws, this woman has to be stoned........  Jesus asked :" Let the one among you who is without sin be the first one to throw a stone at her."  They all went a way one by one.  Jesus asked the woman :" Where are they ? Has no one condemned you? "  She replied :" no one Sir " .....  Jesus told the woman :" Neither do I condemn you. Go, and from now on do not sin no more.".

It is really apparent that many of you need this pope. Obviously if you really believed in Jesus and his message you wouldn't need a leader to parade around and give speeches to the sheep.I like his style so far...and if he can leverage that into fixing the Church's problems, so much the better.Do I like all of his policies?  No...but better a human being than a stone wall.

A mass order for clean under clothes was received soon after from the Swiss Guard.  Good luck, boys.

The Judaic-Chrisitian-Islamic Middle Eastern religions are primitive and barbaric expressions that should have died out by now just like the Greek and Roman gods. Look at the middle east if you want to see the fruit of practicing these religions for 2000 years. It's 2013, Wake the hell up and stop carrying these stinking corpses around.

A welcome change for the world.

Unless the Pope clarifies that "child rape" is a crime, he's not "of the people"!  By hiding their own pedophiles, they are sanctioning the act of child rape with their "silence"!   And that sends the wrong kind of message to other men - "Well, if the Pope and Vatican don't think it's that big a deal, why should I?"  Being poor of spirit doesn't address this issue.  Let's hope he's got some fire in the belly as well!  He'll need it!

I hope he brings in a brain trust of Jesuits to deal with the 'moneylenders in the temple' - the Vatican's corruption is centuries old, and one man - even if pope - can't overcome the bureaucracy.  So while he continues to do a great job of humanizing the papacy and bringing back the idea of a kind and warm-hearted grandfather figure, I hope he also shows some steel inside once those windows are closed and he's facing the Curia.

Self Idolatry = yet another failure from the bad moral compass of trinitarians and modalists.

The Pope's security people need to sit down and have a good discussion with him.  It's great he wants to be close to the people, but sadly, there are too many crazies out there, think about what happened to John Paul - he too was a Pope of the people but had to adjust to reality after being attacked.

He is simply magnificent.

What continues to be amazing is that in an industrialized country in the 21st century, almost 400 people, at the time of this comment, have come to a public forum to post comments that would embarrass a child in the 20th century.  No wonder there continue to be so many problems that could otherwise be eliminated if it weren't for superstitions.He is what the Catholic Church needs.

Will Pelosi wave her bony finger as she insults the pope?

Well if I was a saint witha silver cupand the money got lowwe could always heat it upor trade it in.But then the radio that heaven will be wired to your purse.

May God bless those anti-Christ on this website.  May God forgive them and bring them home.

not catholic but love how this leader is going to the people!  ALL leaders should do this!

The first law regarding being an Atheist is that one never describes oneself as an atheist, the latter being of particular importance in America where the population thinks atheists are evil creatures who devour young children subsequant to slow-cooking them over a charcoal fire  !!

I am sure that many non-Catholics have also earnestly prayed for God to select the best man for the job and it looks like He did. Congrats to fellow believers in Christ.

Sun Lee  To fix his church it will be done only if he starts over again .

Amen to that Dennis &amp; Dusty, and Rick I like him too.

SERIOUSLY?! - When are they going to stop with the Yahoo Media Blitz on This TOOL?!Religion is Man made, Christianity is through Jesus the Christ.

This one may be the last pope.

This pope is awesome!!!!!

...time will tell, but i see nothing different....priests should be allowed to merry if they wish....contraceptives vs abortion....the all male club will prevail....coverups will go on, the curia will be the same....poor churches for poor people, indeed....!

New face of Catholicism hopes that god is a forgiving sort who will overlook their centuries of misdeeds.

My little flock, welcome, I was put here to try to hide our molesting better. The last Pope made a mess of this. Were going to say it a mental illness, So we can hid these Priest away for a while when the public forgets about them then turn them a loose on the Church in another parish far away. It will save us lots of billions. So we can keep this lie we started in 325 A.D. up and make our self the kings of the world.

If God forgives our sins, who forgives God's sins? Floods, draughts, hurricanes, earthquakes, starvation, disease, birth defects, human nature?

So, the Pope begs for mercy and forgiveness for what? His sins and the churches that he refuses to acknowledge? Come clean and confess to the world before you ask for forgiveness. He just wants the bad publicity to go away. God requires a confession and at least a pretense at being sorry.

In just the short time he has been Pope , I see a big increase in the church congregation for the stations of the cross on fri and sat. Mass. Something special is happening

God's power to forgive?Forgive what?What on earth could we ever do to him?He's a god, supposedly.No, anything bad we might do, we do to ourselves and other humans here on earth.We and they are the ones who should be doing the forgiving, or not, depending upon the offense.he may be just a man, but a good man in a high position can effect good change.

Being a leader is about creating an image.  This guy is good.

Boy, if only people would seek God in this manner, we would be living in a much better world. Bless this MAN Lord Jesus.

I realy like this guy. He seems to be a Pope the is about the people and not so much the formal pomp of the position.

Bout time a pope actually reached out to people.. And showed he is not untouchable.. And cares for people. Says volumes about this pope.. Maybe a really good choice..will be watching this one ..

Here we go. An article on yahoo about Catholicism. The yahoo haters (libs) will start their vile attacks.

Catholic Atrocities..."Priests, invariably Franciscans, took a leading part in the massacres. Many went around routinely armed and performed their murderous acts with zeal.  A Father Bozidar Bralow, known for the machine gun that was his constant companion, was accused of performing a dance around the bodies of 180 massacred Serbs at Alipasin-Most.  Individual Franciscans killed, set fire to homes, sacked villages, and laid waste the Bosnian countryside at the head of Ustashe bands.  In September of 1941, an Italian reporter wrote of a Franciscan he had witnessed south of Banta Luka urging on a band of Ustashe with his crucifix.In the Foreign Ministry archive in Rome there is a photographic record of atrocities: of women with breasts cut off, gouged eyes, genitals mutilated; and the instruments of butchery: knives, axes, meat hooks." [ Hitler's Pope, p. 254.]

So far, he seems like a Pope that can "walk the walk" instead of "talk the talk". Actions DO speak louder than words.

This just in, Pope speaks to thousands of Italians in, get this, Italian!

Sounds like a good egg... and does the Catholic church ever need help!!Francis may have just brought back the spark that had faded in the catholic world.

My priest who baptized me also molested my brother and several others in our community in the late 60s. And yes I believe his superiors, who sent him on "retreats" trying to get him help, did move him around and give him new targets. However, the failings of those men is separate from the love of God and separate too from the dozens of other priests and nuns I've encountered in my life who were some of the most selfless giving individuals I have ever known. The church is made up of people. People are weak and fail daily.This pope's example of humility is truly what the world as a whole needs now. I hope his message from Christ to take care of the poor and the powerless which he is already stressing is acted upon by the cardinals who elected him.I hope too the spirit of my favorite church song growing up is stressed by all of us: "They will know we are Christians by our love".

What if he crowd surfed to the stage. Lol. Would be awesome!

A throw back Italian Pope.

he was planning on doing crowd-surfing,, but his advisors warned him against the high possibility of pope-groping

The pope is an Italian immigrant to Argentina that is why he speaks fluent Italian.  Argentinians must not have been too faithful to the church, if they are just now inspired because the pope happened to have lived there and for no other reason!

He COULD be a rock star; if he simply publicly denounced pedophilia in the Church and turned over all pedophiles to the police. Instead they choose to falsely classify fondling little children an illness. Defending pedophiles is one reason the youth run. Will the Church topple? Or will they agree to stop being a training ground for preadators?

I have been distant from the catholic church for many, many years and, for the first time in all those years,  I have felt attracted to the idea of returning to the church.  God bless Francis!

I really do think God spoke when Pope Francis was elected. His humility and compassion has renewed my faith. This morning at mass, you could even feel the rejuvenation amongst the parishoners and priests. I'm going to Rome next spring just so I can attend Easter mass. Whether you're religious or not, you can't deny the goodness in this man. Good people still do exist in our troubled times. God bless Pope Francis.

Bet all the haters drive around in cars with "coexist" and "tolerance" stickers plastered to the bumper.Dear Mr. Pope,If you want the Catholic Church to get right back on track to being what it should be...Allow priests to get married and turn over pedophiles to the police AS SOON AS YOU KNOW !!!!!!!!! THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IS NOT A HIDE AWAY FOR PEDIPHILES!!!

Though he is an Argentinian, Pope Francis I now belongs to all Catholics in the world !  I am glad that he is differently nice !

Pope Francis, can you come over to America and teach Obama how to be a man and a leader please?

Always curious about the concept of prayer, "Pray for me... or anything else."Worship, respect, "obedience" is one thing, but....God is PERFECT... and he "has a plan" most would propose....  He KNOWS what is "best".  And yet prayer's purpose is to influence God to do OTHER than He would otherwise do in his plan...  OTHER than He had predestined to be good, to change his perfect choices/plan...Prayer "might" change US, individually, but I have to wonder about it's power to change God's will if He is truly incapable of error in the first place.

Maybe he will bring more people back to church by reinstating the Catholic tradition of torture!

Reading through these comments, it is curious how good can bring out so much hatred...sad, so very sad...

May God continue to Bless him all the days of his life...

Hope priests around the world get the idea that a six minute homily with substance is worth more than the 15-25 minute monologue that puts the parish to sleep!

Is he in Amsterdam?  I thought those #$%$ in the windows were women.

MOSH POPE!In an effort to raise money for the poor Vatican Museum is offering a buy one get a free Michelangelo Ceiling with each donation

Its funny how people think that just because this man is a pope that hes closer to God. The truth is God could careless whether hes the pope or not. Jesus is concerned about the condition of our hearts and our inner being NOT the outward appearance. A gown or being the leader of the whole Catholic organization will not save you. Accept Jesus as the ONLY way to the father!!

"where's the children? where's the children"The Pope asked his bodyguards.

I think it is very laughable that most everyone never even heard of this guy til a few days ago, and all of the sudden they think he is a great man. 76 years and he never carried such a reputation until some cardinals pick him and some articles are written. So is the definition of being a great man just someone that becomes a pope?

There were even people praying to him after he was elected. Blind as bats.

Armed guards around Gods emissary on earth?  -- perhaps the 2 or 3000 kids--  raped by the priests --  -- might still hold a small grudge ---wish him well -- not a good time to the head of a very very disturbed cult ------

looks like his last name is Christ ! he is just a man like everybody else people .

Pope Benny is laughing hysterically and screaming, "they haven't seen the last of me! FOOLS!"

He's the good dude! But the vatican mafia is going to kill him.They won't tolerate him to disrupt the business.

If he keeps this up he'll do a lot of good for the Catholic ChurchGive him a chance!  He just started and most of you have already condemned him!

I am not Catholic..but Pope Francis' message of "forgiveness" and "that of mercy" is refreshing. I will not cast the first stone.

The Pope has a Twitter account. Give me a break!

I like his purple dress though!

"If you really believe that death leads to eternal bliss, then why are you wearing a seatbelt?"

TO bad he is a catholic  which will undue all his good works  how ever he did say he would follow the gospels there fore his eyes might open   He should study John

God bless you Holy Father.

So this guy is 76 years old, and all the sudden he is a great man? He couldn't prove that through his whole life, but once you get a bunch of Cardinals that hide pedophiles to vote for him and BAM! He is worshiped/venerated by so many...

Talk about a real Christ-like person... how refreshing and what a model and a servant's heart and soul.

he will not leniate the wounds the church has inflicted to the entire world's healthy sexuality but he may help some poor, which is a great start, it is already better than that B0nerdikeyhideously luxurious dragqueen show Ratzinger enforced, thereby offending poor worldwiderelax!!!....he's just a dude!

At last another priest that can do a prayer without reading it. Our local priest (Fr. Joe) does that all the time.

A pope is just a pope but just a pope he cannot be...

I'll forgive the Catlicks when they hand over all the pedo priests and the bishops who hid them to the police for prosecution. And when they compensate the slaves from their Irish laundries and other cheap labor scams. Big deal, he's a nice guy.  So was John Gotti to the people he liked.

Wouldn't it be nice if priests would give up little boys for lent this year? It won't happen but it would be nice if it did.

#$%$ off atheists everwhere.

Is it relevant to this discussion that there are no supernatural beings?

and gets crushed. leading to... another pope election, The networks dream.

He is good but still watching...

I think Pope Francis will be a much needed breath of fresh air for Rome and the Catholic Church.Hope this Pope doesn't end as John Paul I did.

God Bless our new Pope. Let us pray for him and for ourselves, that God Spirit may inspire us with goodness and charity towards all. Peace! Hail to Christ Our King.

The Pope walks on the street. The Pope walks by the window. The Pope likes his dog Spot. The Pope learns to run. Spot can run. See Spot &amp; the Pope run.

I'm surprised he can walk. Oh well he'll be carried in that chair from now on.

What really upsets me is how people see the Church as another Political Entity; where you can change your views for the appeasement of the times. However, many just don't get how the Church is a sanctified, spiritual, Body to guide people to the correct way of life; where Gods' Eternal Word is held in Perpetual and unwavering adherence. It also should not be with the times. Just look at the Church during the Renaissance, it reflected the ways of the day; and trust me... It wasn't pretty.

May he not get shot  John Paul and John Kennedy!!!

There is no god. Never has been. Biggest fraud perpetuated generation after generation.

Waded? how deep did he go? Up to his waist?

Sometimes he wears the Dagon fish hat on.

And on another religious news front, Billy Graham didn't die today and will probably have another bowel movement at some point - alert the media.  Oh, and we've gone another news cycle without Pat Robertson saying another stupid thing - stop the presses.Brain washed from birth.

did he wade, or did the senile old f,,k, just get disoriented and wander away??????

come on you people who know the bible, get on with the bashing.

He has peace of mind,serenity and the "rare" quality "Humility" all in his favor. He carries himself well, displays love,patience, and totally down to earth. What an EXCELLENT choice for POPE!

Church haters, may God bless you and your family during Lent season.  Don't be a loss soul in the wilderness but a rare flower.

I am not a Roman Catholic. I am a Christian. Looking at these comments about Pope Francis reminds me of the people who critized Jesus.This has been going on for thousands of years! No, Pope Francis is not Jesus Christ and he would be the first to tell you. He is a Holy Man spreading the word of Jesus!

ZZZZZZzzzzzzzz     can't wait for the press to consider him old news until it is time to send smoke up again. No one really cares about every move, every word, red shoes, no shoes, Italian, wade through the crowd, Jesuit, blahh blahhh

When the pope makes straight-dogma comments, they aren't "off-the-cuff remarks."

God hasn't given him any more power than any other person!  I, too, am going to church today to celebrate the REAL God!

I hope he brings stronger faith in the Catholic faith.Move over Jesus... there is a new sheriff in town! All hail Pope Franny!

Gods power to forgive  ?????  What incredible BS they spurt, and this the 21st century !!!

Nice guy...too old.

And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:

Just dawned on me Obama has never done that.  Oh, he's walked into some black only businesses saying it was a surprise, but he has never spontaneously stepped to a crowd.  I suppose if the crowd was predominately black he might be convinced to do it once.

i hope dude is real, and i hope dude sticks to his guns.cause the rich people who put him there as a puppet, i think (hope) they in for big surprise.

Catholics pray to a human being, their Pope, and stone idols. The Catholic church was founded by homosexuals, during the time Rome occupied Jerusalem.

Look how the crowd just loves the new king of child sex abuse cover-ups.

For the most part I see positive reaction to this guy.  I am definately not a pope fan but so far this guy comes off as a sincere Christian.

I hope he lifted his dress so it wouldn't get wet.Down with religion. The pope is just a puppet of a corrupt system - although the new one looks better than his predecessor with the evil eyes.

Why do pope's need ANY security?  If they are of god he will protect them.  If not, they need a good whack.

Homosexuals have the largest cult in the world, the Catholic Church, that was founded by rich Roman homosexuals. Catholics need to learn the Ten Commandments, "Thou shalt have no other god before me"(that includes your Pope). And "Thou shalt not make any graven images" (that means your ugly statues of Jesus).

This is just a few days of the "Honeymoon" perriod.  After all the flower petals have settled, lets hope this man can help cure some of the worlds ills--notice I said "help", as no one can cure them all, but even just  few would be a vast improvement.  Perhaps he might relax his views on womens role in the church, for without a woman, he would not be here, come to think of it none of us would at this time, but who knows what "science" will come up with down the road.  By the way, help the "poor with a hand up, not a hand out.

Jesus is dead! The Pope Lives!

A good man

Move over Jesus, Pope Franny is the new God!

There was a comment in this article from Angela Carreon, a 41-year old Rome resident that she estimated that the crowd that attended to see Pope Francis was twice as much comparable to the crowds that gathered in Pope Benedict's last appearance on Feb. 28.  Of course there will be less people to see Pope Benedict, because he was abdicating the papacy. Most of the people were upset with Pope Benedict.  This is how it should be compared, the day when Pope Benedict was newly elected as a replacement of Pope John Paul II, after his death.  Were there lesser or more people in attendance at that time in comparison to the attendance for this newly elected Pope now.

The Judaic-Chrisitian-Islamic Middle Eastern religions are primitive and barbaric expressions that should have died out by now just like the Greek and Roman gods. Look at the middle east if you want to see the fruit of practicing these religions for 2000 years. It's 2013, Wake the hell up and stop carrying these thousands of years' old stinking corpses around.

this is all a ploy by the vatican to try and make everyone forget about all the child abuse and cover ups by so many pedophile priest, and by the type of comments I'm reading it seems to be working.I think this church is going to attract more people if they are more open to new ideas about almost anything about the universe.

Is that Ashton Kutcher in the background trying to tell everyone " you been punked " !!!

we need just, all the people on any religion now what is right and what is wrong simple like that.I did something wrong is wrong do not try to change the fax. Like I said on any religion.God will Bless all religions.

My thoughts are with the victims of all pedophile priests.

francis is just a man....Jesus is God almighty manifest in the flesh..........francis has the job of the usurper, simon the sorcerer.........he must repent...jesus is the only way.......He is the door ...he is the truth and he is the life............u cant get to heaven any other way.........the only way is Jesus........THE ONLY WAY

This is nothing more than Idol worship. Notice that he was chosen by 'men' and not by THE LORD!

We are all trying to get to the same place.   HEAVEN. No matter what faith you belong to only God can save us for hell. I like Pope Francis all ready. I think he will make a difference in this world.

I remember when Pope Benedict would go unannounced to homeless shelters, hospitals, schools, old age homes, etc. Only in the last year and a half when his health deteriorated, 85 years of age going on 86, heart failure, deafness, blindness that he slowed down. Previous very few could keep up with him mentally and physically in the constant schedule he kept ! Age will slow down Pope Francis within time and the longer he wears the Crown of Thorns of Jesus Christ as his predecessors !

Oh, but be careful, PLEASE be careful!Make good use of those spaghetti-bending rednecks in your security detail!

i love the people interaction...but it scares me...pope francis is still acting like an anonymous cardinal...his status has been elevated...He needs to be pragmatic with his protection...otherwise some psychotic or terrorist organization with an agenda may want to try to harm him. God Bless Pope Francis as he starts his journey!Osama Obama could take some lessons from this man.

Before calling this man an abuser who will continue the cover ups and bring back the inquisitions, PLEASE GIVE HIM A CHANCE! He has only been Pope for 5 days. I left the Catholic Church precicely because of the aforementioned reasons, plus their belief in a man-made catechism, not the Holy Bible. I now am a Episcolalian who believes far differently to ever go back to the Catholic Church. But so far I like Pope Francis, and I think we need to take this slowly with a "wait and see" approach before condemning him for something he may not even be guilty of!

He's a good man, but he still has to deal with the curia. He'll have to bump some heads there to get the church back on the right path.

Amazing ! So many for centuries, remain transfixed on one person "selected" to be their leader in a "church" that is and has been drowning in a sinful and cultlike nature.

He won't last long by doing this...better hop in the Popemobile.

With all due respect to people who keep talking about "healing" the Church of its sins - pedophilia and homosexuality is a far, far greater problem among Protestant and Jewish clergy than it is in the Catholic Church. The percentage differences are astonishing. Why doesn't anybody talk about healing them? Could it be the anti-Christ at work?

OMG! stop kissing babies! you had your fun with altar boys. Please leave toddlers and babies alone.

"he heartily shook hands with parishioners and kissed babies."Please stay away from toddlers and babies! You priests already ruined a lot of altar boys life!

There is hope for the church with Pope Frances at the helm.

He is approachable and he wants to show that God is approachable since he represents Him on this earth.Pharoah Francis,your sheeple subjects await your command.

I am Catholic and have not gone to church but now i have my faith I think this the Saviour of the church and will have people like nyself go back to there faith. I wish him all the best in just the few days he showed

Yahoo,  Please create a "Religion" heading so there will be a separate message board.

Hope and change? Sounds familiar... Pope Franny is the Obama of the Vatican!

Where are all the Benny worshipers? Where's his praise? He failed miserablyand got the boot. So much for the papal infallibility lie.

He is not a Jew so why is he wearing a Bennie cap.

I am not Cathilic  but iloved  Pope John Paul and i now think i am going to love this POPE!!

The picture with this article is all the proof I need to know this world is full of fruitcakes.

Hope his honeymoon lasts.  He will sooner or later have to deal with the messes his predecessors have left him (not unlike Obama having to deal with Bush's follies).  Then we shall better be able to make judgements about this guy.  Good start, though.

thank God for his blessings .  We  need to pray for the Church and a new elected  Pope.Catholics.....always hoping while never advancing.....

He should have stage dived and crowd surfed !  Down with the Popemobile !

El papa Argentino solo habla pavadas..es una gran mierda.

Crowd surfing?  Wow.

Hey.. what happened to John Paul II?

As he patted a little boy on the head he asked, "Are you a good boy?"and the child nodded. "Are you sure?"the pope quipped. He leaned down and whispered in the little boys ear, "come to the rectory later and we'll see just how good you are my child.....", as the perversion continues with yet another annoited one! Lol.......

May our Pope Francis bring new life for the Church like our Jesus Christ

I will give him 90 days of leniency and then I will judge him as it goes......from the beginning all of them are nice because they are new...........only tomorrow will show what he will do........

...He's looking for fresh meat.

May God bless Pope Francis.  And may God bless everyone who posts a comment no matter what their religious beliefs may be.It's amazing how many gullible stupid people believe some old man in medieval garb who proclaims to be "Christ's vicar on earth".

Big Deal Whens the Benedict Yard sale on E bay start?

I can't help but wonder what some of the church elitest think about Pope Frank. Do they look down on this common man. Or is he the means by which the church hopes to get rid of some of the bad rap it has been getting. "Ah shucks, we're just common folk, we didn't know all those bad guys were out there." All I can say is that I look three or four time at everything the church does. You don't grow as big as the Catholic church  without dodging some bullets.

Hide your little boys !

The Catholic Church was founded by rich homosexual Romans. And it is a pagan sect that worship the pope, statues and pictures. They do not worship God.

END THE EVIL CATHOLIC CHURCH.

Haded into the crowd searching the best altar-boys to abuse.

Vatican 2 destoyed the common language of the Church.

what the difference between acne and a priest.... acne doesn't come on your face until your 15

This is not about "casting the first stone" as some ascribe here.  That accusation is worn out and will NOT work!!  This is about identifying the leavened that has been thrown into the fray.  Hebrewism of the Old Testament went out of existence with the return from Baylon as the much of that belief system inflitrated the TRUE church (not catholicism).  Catholicism is only one of the polluted streams emitted from Babylon/Iraq/Shinar.We finally got a PIMP Pope..

I am so tired of hearing about the Pope...........just get on with it

The pope(S) are nothing but Satan's work shop. 666

I just want to know where he was during the regime of evil leaders who stole babies and committed nazi-like atrocities. He was there. What did he do? There are still people looking for their children that were taken from them and given to rich people.

The message of the Pope was that God forgives the Catholic Church and its leaders for protecting pedophile priest and so should everyone else. I am not buying it.

God needs extra power to forgive the rapist priests.

The pope is like a "rock star" now... Congratulazione Papa Francisco!!!!

Now we have a new pope to protect the child molesting priests and promote shame and fear.

People have no problem believing in true evil, but can't fathom true good, I pity the fools.Illinois, where only the Gangs have guns, and that is how the Madigan’s are going to keep it!

Hope for best the people personSmell like the antichrist ...

Cardinals in conclave: OK OK the world wants a Pope from Africa or Latin America. We will give them one from Latin America but he will be White and Argentine and thus more European than Latino." What language did Francis speak in his first appearances? Spanish, the native language of Argentina? Of course not. The language he is more comfortable with....Italian. The Cardinals are clever. Devious but clever. They kept the papacy in reality right in the homeland where they believe it belongs, i.e., Italy and by extension, Europe.

Nice try your evilness, the smoke screen will eventually wear off, and those who haven't been brainwashed will see you and your gang of molesters for who you really are.

The Catholic church is a cult that was founded by Roman homosexuals. They primarily was a man/boy lover cult and had homosexual orgies to worship satan.

Look at the history of the popes through time.. So much evil, #$%$, homosexuality, I DARE YOU LAZY catholics to research the history of the popes and ur church,, truth hurts????

Pope Francis...the pope for the people and of the people!!!

He better be careful or some one might try to hurt him, he needs to stay in the Pope mobile.

The Catholic Church is the largest homosexual cult in the world. It was founded by homosexuals during the Rome's occupation of Jerusalem. Catholics are pagns and worship stone idols. Catholics do not worship God.

It would be more accurate to refer to Jesus as Jesus the Christ NOT Jesus Christ.  Christ was not his last name.     Jesus was one of many historical figures claiming to be the prophesized Christ (messiah.)

I think it is very nice he went out and about greeting people after Mass. I watched it on TV and this guy is generating excitement and hope for the future. I have not seen him in formal Vatican gear yet. I have seen him as a simple Shepard of his Church.Wow!

Cotholicism is a cult

Why does this guy matter and what makes him special? Because he won the popular vote of the cardinals? Hopefully this one understands the priesthood of all believers and ditches the stupid pointy hat.

Did he have to revoke his NAMBLA membership to be the pope?

Another #$%$

If Americans were looking for a catholic "Obama", they got one here, more powerfull and secret.

Viva el Papa Francisco!!

Wow, looking at the picture, this new pope already has his hands all over some young people.  The noise is so loud there that nobody can hear him fart every 10 minutes.

The Catholic Church is a cult. It was founded in Jerusalem when Rome occupied Jerusalem. It was founded by rich homosexual Romans. The wealthy Romans and Greeks have practiced man/boy love for thousands of years. The pope is a cult leader of a pagan sect of homosexuals.

Finally a Pope that can cut thru the pomp and stuffiness of protocol and relate directly with the people !Stone the Pope!"The line between good and evil gets more blurred and confusing, just as we planned." You know who I am, and I am glad you are with me.The Evil OneIllinois, where only the Gangs have guns, and that is how the Madigan’s are going to keep it!

If people would read their Bible they would see the hiearchy of the Catholic Church for what it is. People just read the scriptures and make up your own mind.

The Judaic-Chrisitian-Islamic Middle Eastern religions are primitive and barbaric expressions that should have died out by now just like the Greek and Roman gods.  Look at the middle east if you want to see the fruit of practicing these religions for 2000 years.  It's 2013, Wake the hell up and stop carrying these stinking corpses around.

He must be scoping out all the little boys!

yeah, i trust nobody.

'Power to forgive" euphemism for "we're not going to help prosecute pedophile priests".

Papal mosh pit?

This man is really a man of God, I do not think we will allow him in this office of papacy. We need some one who behaves like previous Popes. Not this one who is like a man of God.Imagine a pope Smiling, Preaching without reading it from paper, greeting crowds with humanly/friendly languages (like "buon giorno" (Good day) and "buon pranzo" (Have a good lunch) ) than Holy-ghost language,No we don't want this type.  We want one that will be like the other previous pope. Unless he is ready to change.  If we don't stop him now, one day he will open Bible in the church and read bible before the congregation.He is full of new styles.

how many popes does it take to screw a choir boy?

God forbid that he be like John Paul II. He took the Church back about 50 years.Geeeeeez !!! .... More of the same brainwashing ... ?? .... Thank god Im an atheist ...

God bless Pope Francis

'Wades" into crowd, Yahoo? How 'bout, 'shakes hands from behind barricade'. (sigh)

I was 16 and she was 15 when I broke her hymenAnd she went bali, bali, bubba, bawymen.Yes she went bali, bali, bubba, bawymen.Well she bled on the couch,I didn’t know what to do,Then she kissed me again,And we repeated the screw.And she went bali, bali, bubba, bawymen.Because I broke her hymen.

next week... he will not just wade into the crowd. i see a stage dive and crowd surfing

I'm not even Catholic but already he has impressed me. the world needs a real, simple humble spritual leader who is one with and of them, not another God.

he wades into the crowd and when he retreats 3 little boys have mysteriously had their pants removed and are crying.

STOP CENSORING MY POSTS.

The Pope is a Hermaphrodite.

The devil's disciple. Non Jewish people can't become the servant of God.Many non-Catholics believe that the bible is the pillar and foundation of the truth.  Catholics believe that the pillar and foundation of the truth is the church of the living God.  " if I am delayed, you will know how people ought to conduct themselves in God’s household, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and foundation of the truth." (1 Timothy 3:15) NIVGod bless us all.

Open, honest and gay-hating.  Perfect!

I think this POPE is gonna be pretty KOOL....

Pope "wades into the crowd" searching for a new generation of little boys

Another Wolf (Pedophile) in a Sheep (Pope) clothing.

''Baha'u'llah said that God has sent religion for the purpose of establishing fellowship among humankind and not to create strife and discord, for all religion is founded upon the love of humanity. Abraham promulgated this principle, Moses summoned all to its recognition, Christ established it, and Muhammad directed mankind to its standard. This is the reality of religion.'' Promulgation of Universal Peace, p. 231-232

"Thou Shalt not make any graven images", and yet the Catholics pray to images of Jesus, and his mother Mary. The Catholic church is a cult that was founded by rich homosexuals Romans.

My post's are being censored again. there is no freedom of speech on this site

I hate the iokes about how the pope is shopping at k-mart because he heard they have boys pants half off. Very childish

I wonder if Pope Francis is another Putney Swope.Let the mud slinging catholic bashing begin. Typical anti catholic left wing liberal hate mongers  at work.

I think he's trying too hard it's like a popularity contest.....and he should already have announced what his goals are, thousands of Abused kids, many now adults, have waited decades for it to be addressed. Yet he's out there telling jokes and popping up to surprise people. It doesn't take much to at least tell people, we are starting to work on these areas. it would go a long way.

Excellent Pope!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A great man for the world! Long life to Pope Francis!!!!!!!!!!

God sent us the best Pope ever!

Pope Wade, the first!

enough about the poop already, hes just a man, ok catholics get back to work the parties over

There's much more wading through to be done Pope Francis! Here's a start:Would you please ENSURE that the 2nd of the 10 Commandments of God: Exodus 20:4 "Thou shalt NOT make unto thee ANY graven image, or any likeness of ANY thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water underneath the earth:"This should absolutely be ADHERED to! WHYare they even in the 'so called' house of God? Everyday they COMMIT these ABOMINABLE ACTS by bowing to... and asking Statues of Saints &amp; The Virgin Mary to Intercede for them! Those are Molten and Graven Images!CHRIST is the One Who DIED for our SALVATION! Christ is the ONLY Way, the Truth, and the Life, NO one goes to the Heavenly Father, EXCEPT by HIM! PERIOD! NOT through the Virgin Mary, or any Saint! And please remind him that Christ Commanded that we should NOT CHANGE one JOT or TITTLE of the LAW!Could you NOT allow his Congregation to call his priests 'Father' as a Title, which our Heavenly Father STRICTLY FORBIDS, and reserves ONLY to Himself! Please tell the pope do NOT encourage his Congregation to REVERENCE him (the pope) as God!Could you not allow their PEDOPHILE priests to be punished to the FULL extent of the LAW, (like anyone else) instead of ONLY transferring them to other parishes, where they are FREE to carry on further with their PERVERSIONS!Could you REMOVE that UPSIDE DOWN CROSS from above his seat! It has a SATANIC connotation to it! Yes, Peter may have asked to be crucified upside down, in reverence to Christ, but CHRIST is the ONE that DIED on the Cross for us, NOT Peter! So tell the pope to turn that cross the WAY it should be positioned...UPRIGHT...That is the WAY Christ was positioned! And Peter could NEVER take the place of Christ! And WHO told the Pope that he took Peter's place anyways? Peter, who was the First Bishop, would have NEVER committed any of the GROSS VIOLATIONS of God's Commandments, Instructions or Laws, the way the Catholic Archdiosese do!There are MANY more VIOLATIONS that could be mentioned here, but let these suffice for now! IF YOU are NOT for God / Christ, and NOT doing as HE instructed, then you are definitely AGAINST HIM! Thus CATHOLICISM is NOT of GOD if they continue with these EVIL Practices!Good News is...It's not too late to REPENT! Peace!

Viva Il Papa! JPH

A Socialist Pope?..So now is the end..

"Waded into crowd" maybe he was just lost, it is a big place and he'll need to get use to getting around.just shank this nutjob

goodnow its easier to kill this pedo fhagithope someone does

Does he get a new bullet proof golf cart?

I guess only Italians deserve to hear what he has to say hmm.