The real power broker in NK is army general Jang Song-thaek  (sometimes spelled Scheck).  He is married to Kim Jong Ils daughter.  He is a very determined guy and very willing to rule in the shadows while Kim's grandson takes all the publicity and gives him legitimacy due to kims family link to Kim il Sung.   Jang Song-thaek  will do whatever it takes to maintain his and the army's place of power.

wellwell.....the end is near.

I would assume he and his military advisors are looking at Syria, Libia and some other countries where the West has interviened to overthrow the power in place in order to establish another form of government. He is sending a message that if we tinker with his power then he will not be like others and will self destruct taking many with him. This is a good possibility. So he will rattle his saber and prepare. The problem is that they understand that one nuke will not be enough if they wish  to self destruct and attack various nations. I would also assume he has or will have multiple war heads and gps deadining devices. If he does not have these and other things such as biological weapons then insanity reigns.

The "key" to this whole situation is China. They pull the strings in N. Korea. Them joining with UN sanctions will help. If China keeps working with the UN I think N. Korea will back down.

If he threatens us with nuclear force, that gives us the right to take him and his regime out.

Un is Unstable.

He is off the MF chain. Crazy as he wants to be and looking for an A whipping.

These idiots are all talk and no action.They have been doing this for the past 60 years.Just send a group of 10 guys over with a couple of guns and bring down the regime.

So give them provocation and fire a couple of smart bombs at Pillsburty"s house !!

The funky haircut is a sure sign.Too many twinkies destroy the brain cells, Fatboy.

we wonder about our "lawmakers" stability !

faster than anticipated? sounds like Iran.who if I had to guess is more advanced than north korea.

In situations like these his stability ranks a close second to his ability, in following through with his threat.

Is he insane or just stupid or both

The nut doesn't fall far from the tree.

We hear wonder about the mental stability of the leadership of this country after some of the stupid decisions they make.

Could anyone besides The Worm think Fat Boy was sane???????

Well, look who he has a friends, Rodman?  Of course he's nuts, you are what your friends are.....lol.  Never mind that he's a brainwashed little commie!

"U.S. just doesn't know about "the stability" of North Korea's leader," Yes we do, Kim Jong is extremely mentally unstable and probably suicidal. Kim spikes his hair and wears high heels, yet he remains a paranoid mini-me dictator trying hard to be as insane, as his dictator grandfather and dictator father.Send subs , ships and missles and attack him first. Send leftlets to tell his army not to fight back or die. Liberate these people. The world can't have leaders like him in the 21 century.

The boy is nuttier than squirrel turds. He comes from a long line of nutcases. Prob not a lot of branches on that family tree.

Well either way, his remarks, threats and violent tenencies warrant  close monitoring, even bt his ally CHINA

The "Apple" does not fall far from the tree..........

The Kim family tree is full of nutz.

I have the same thoughts about our goof ball leader Obama

Time for Teletubbie to be salted, floured and deep fried.

N. Korea launched 1 for a test, the rest are probably just models and fake.  Who cares anyway, they just don't have the money it takes to launch enough to do any real damage to us.

Bring it on Dim Sum

I am sure they have the same thoughts about our Muslim baker Obama.I have to wonder about our war mogering law makers stability

IDK - could be just a ploy by the world-wide military industrial complex. Have to rattle some sabers, so the citizenry are scared into spending money on defense.  Hmm, what was that basketball player's real mission?

DUUUUUUUUUUUUUU! Ya Think? So glad our leaders have such cutting insight.

Time to finish the only war we never one.

Figure he is not stable and act accordingly.

kim is being used by the military in korea. the apparent instability comes from being forced to say things that obviously don't match his personal history or personality. he needs to be rescued before he's set up and murdered by his own military leaders and the US is blamed for it.

It is one thing to prove yourself. It is entirely something different to bully your nation into complete annihilation.

NK just like the kids here, NA. We have problems too but can't fix it, it's in the system now!

At the same time, the sanity of our senators has been questioned by many people on the main streets.

Boy Hitler is a psychopath.is this biggest joke i ever heard from america?they spent billion on interceptor to prevent north korea threatnorth korea cannot even fed their people with enough food,do they had enough money to finance a war with usa?they had fail on many occassion to launch a rocket .until now, the satelitte is a defunct one.rocket might exploded  itself on its way to american.someone had used this threat to pressure congress to give more money to military.america always under the threat of blackmailing by his military chief and general.huge military spending to keep those general happy.

A wise man said " Never bow before emperor without steel collar."

He's crossed a line.  Even if they can't back up his words, USA can't let that kind of talk go without response.  Un will be history before 2014.

YAAAAAAAAAAWN, North Korea = the mouse that roared,,,, Key Kim: put up or shut the #$%$ up!

I can't take him serious with that haircut.