give you one guess who capriles wants to invite back into the oil equation.

could use the money to train venezuelans to be doctors

Seems fair in a very socialist way.

Sounds like he wants to sell their oil to the highest bidder.

if you are doing anything to bring gas prices down, you won't be liked by the greedy ones.

watch your back henrique

And people continue to spill their tiers over a president that couldn't provide good doctors after 14 years in office.  Man, between muslims and third world idiots, our world is just going to shut down at some point.

Basic Math.: 100,000 Barrels/day  X 14 years (5,110days) = 511'000,000 barrelsCost per barrel Avg. $90.00 X 511'000,000 = $$ 45,990'000,000 ...AMAZING !!! A GIFT OF  $46 BILLION DOLLARS. Capriles,  you are right, God is with you !!!

Doesn't Venezuela have any doctors?  Why would you rely on Cuba for medical care, poor or otherwise?

Michael Moorer: Cuba's medical system is wonderful! The US's should be like this. Chavez: Urrrk. plop. (stole this comment)so providing medical care for your poor brings no benefits? Greedy prick.

Its not just free "oil". it is refined petroleum products. Cuba has no refineries.

Wow, this guy talks against Chavez and he is still alive?  I expect to read soon that he committed suicide by shooting himself 15 times.

Or let Cuba pay.

Why don't the Venezuelans try educating their people to become medical doctors and professionals. Hey, it might work. LOL

Cuba is sitting on it's own oil and too backwards to develop it.Why did JFK call Cuba,, Kuber?Jus' askin'.

Sean Penn won't like this.

We do not get much oil from the Venezuelans.We use to before Hugo.

I suppose Capriles will halt Citgo distribution of heating oil to low income families here in the US also..I mean why discount oil delivery to the poor ?? that is just commie quackery

Oil Services company Schlumberger is pulling out of Venezuela due to "collection issues"..yep I betcha that is the real reasonOil to Cuba at "preferential terms" with Cuban doctors, medical supplies and teachers to work with the poor and indigenous folks..c'mon man that ain't Capitalism..

There are not a lot of countries that pay Venezuela in cash, and the U.S. is buying less from them every year as the U.S. becomes more energy efficient and less dependent on foreign oil.   Does not auger well for Venezuela.  Yet that socialist buffoon now dead is a national hero.

100,000 barrels of free oil a day........................ let's think, (100,000)(+ - $100/barrel) = about $10 million dollars a day, I think that would pay for a lot of Doctors, and medical equipment, and and and from anywhere in the world................ good for you opposition leader, do something good for your people

Cuba is on welfare.  Cuban Socialism cannot survive without being subsidized by Venezuela or former Soviet Union.  Wonder which country Cuba will leach onto next?

About time that nightmare got turned around.

So much good the Cuban doctors did for old Hugo. Yes cut them off and let the Cuban people free themselves of the Castros.  We will pay them for the oil and they can pay to educate their own doctors here in America.

IN VENEZUELA every body could be a midlle class,  buth they have 23.3/4 millions poors,   you only have to give them peanuts, and they follow you,  they scream for you, and they kill for you , the other 3/4 are the goverment  rich and more [the fews] now MADURO CABELLO ETC &gt; ETC

I wonder how much money the CIA is funnelling to Capriles.

Capriles wants to stop all the government hand outs and turn Venezuela into a more responsible nation.....He will never win.   Government handouts are addicting and dangerous.

"opposition" leader = USA 1%er PAID TREASONOUS WH_REContinuing to go after Cuba for throwing out our oil companies, and that is what it really was all about, is stupid.Their policies are theirs and they are welcome to it but to me it looks like this one is pandering to the USA crowd which makes him suspect on how he will really treat his people.That said I have been aiding friends down there in getting him elected because what they had was a nightmare. I hope he wins but do not see much hope of it or much hope for improvement if he does.

Take some of the illegals from america and put them to work.

If helping the Castros pay their thugs to keep them in power is what the wretched of Venezuela want to pay for: let them, but DON'T provide EMERGENCY FOOD AID when the economic collapse happens in a year or LESS! Let them drink heavy crude!

ROTFLMAO....So Cuber has sucked the life blood outta another socialist lady bountiful eh? Boy Howdy! do they ever run through their benefactors real fast. But hey all you libbies and leftwing retardocrats out there take a gander at your countries' green economy future.There it is for everyone to see.Socialist Medical care not worth a dammm,and an economy so effffed up the socialist leaders gotta permit trinkets to get sold in open market places to gin up some cold hard worthwhile foreign currency.

hope he wins!!!!!!!

He may want to add that he'll still subsidize the current Cuban Doctors in country or he won't be getting any votes from the poor.  This was probably a bad place to start his campaign from.  I stll hope he wins but he might want to try a different strategy.

Cuba's vaunted doctors did not do so well on El Dictatore . Why should Venezuela continue to prop up the Cuban communists ?

Look like Castro and his may have been on the wrong side, free oil gone, too bad

Sure.. Capriles has a JOB.... his superiors have tasked him with RETURNING Venezuela to water boy status..... exploited by the major oil companies and feeding foreign countries with Venezuela's resources... whilst impoverished the people AGAIN..............FOLLOW THE MONEY.... and... read "The Economic Hit Man" by John Perkins.

If the healthcare provided by the Cuban doctors in Venezuela was so great, why did Hugo leave the country for his treatment?  Some of these so called "doctors" aren't qualified to clean a bedpan."Take dat #$%$ stinking commmies."

Cuban medical care must be great.  Look how Chavez turned out.

elected him or not, Venezuelans won't send oil to Cuba on a preferential terms since there is sentiment against it among voters.

If Capriles was smart, he'd pander and demagog and promise the mob everything - even more than Chavez did.  He'd get elected and then do what he wants.  It works in this country.

The problem with poor people is sooner or later there will be a goverment that will meet thier needs. This is why Obama was re-elected. Like it or not. Untill the Republicans properly address this problem, it will be hard for them to get elected.

most cuban doctor must work as agents undercover, other why they are not aloud to travel to venezuela , the liberal media know's that, they are working for the castro's brothers too.

This guy is a walking target.1. Maduro pleads with Obama to call off the "CIA plan to assassinate Caprile" = Setting the stage.  Assassinate political rival + solidify national animosity towards the US(a proven Chavez tactic).2. Caprile says he'll end exports to Cuba = guess who ALSO wants him out of te picture.3. Coming soon....

Shunning medical help and other humanitarian help in exchange for Venezuela's abundant resource won't get him elected nor make him popular with the poor.  Wake up Dude!

Sounds like America will back this guy

HE SOUNDS LIKE THE  GOP.Good!! Pick on someone your own size. lol

Cuba you are in deep s***

Capriles is a smart highly qualified man who clearly would not fall under any of the Castros' spell.  How about loyal Maduro?  He was removed from many posts by Chavez himself, due to his incompetency.  What exactly did you expect from a Bus Driver?

100,000 barrels of oil a day on beneficial terms~ and since he died there is no more

He sounds like your typical compassionate Republican.

the guy should be happy. the Cubans got rid of hugo.

Really, who cares? Few in this world care an ounce about either Venezuela or Cuba. Neither country contributes to the common good.

He may have a pont. Cuban doctors didn't El'Jefe any good.

WOW what a surprise, would never have guess Castro would do this, thought communism was such a great system. Wasnt it the Russians who bailed him out before. Castro is such a loser like our President.

This would mean that the 25M Cuban doctors that are in Venezuela would have to replaced and at what cost.  I think oil is cheaper for both V and Castro.Those aren't Cuban Doctors they are Marxist Cuban In-Doc-Trinators.

I guess he is going to help himself not be re-elected....

Chavez walked into a cuban hospital in December and 30 days later they removed him from the hospital in a casket.  Sounds like medical malpractice to me.

Capriles serves the interests of the 1% and those of US corporations.

Obviously the poor don't matter to Maduro. I cannot find fault with exchanging fraction of the Venezuelan oil production for health care services to the Venezuelan poor by the Cuban doctors. Most Venezuelan oil is purchased by the U.S. and again Venezuela shown its charitable character when delivered discounted oil to the elderly and poor in the US. Some GOP politicians labeled it as "wrong" since their ideology is more important than the elderly who must make a choice between having a meal or a freezing house.

I wish him well, but his chances are dismal.  Venezuela is a mess. Maduro will not lift them out of the abyss.

Nothing in this world is for free Castro has exported slave labor to Venezuela in exchange for oil so he can sell in the middle of the Ocean and for the money to go into his private Swiss bank accounts. Medical Doctors, and other Proffesional personnel get paid peanuts to work in Venezuela for example a Computer programmer gets paid $50.00 a month i personally know someone who is getting paid this and its better than in Cuba because he would get paid $20.00 in return Venezuela gives Castro $$$ and oil, and ofcourse Castro and Co. rules Venezuela.

The "Economic Hitmen" had their consultation with him and he is in their pockets. No more healthcare for the "people".

The irony is Hugo probably would be alive today if it were not or the Cuban health care system...

If we normalized relations with Cuba, it would not have to rely on Venezuela for fuel.  As for the Cuban medical system, it is a good one, as is its literacy rate, regardless of its other shortcomings.  In the long run, the continued and ineffective embargo on Cuba has pushed it into the arms of the Soviet Union and Venezuela.  Trading with Cuba would benefit both the U.S. and Cuba, and lead to more democracy in the long run.This guy Capriles is another zionist #$%$.

I like him already!

In Venezuela, Fidel Castro is considered a hero by most people. Capriles is clearly running a CIA campaign for the hearts &amp; minds of the few remaining reichwingers in the Venezuela military.

I don't know a lot about Venezuelan politics but I do know an America #$%$ kisser when I read about one. This butt wipe is trying to impress the U.S. with his anti Cuba rhetoric. What a turd.

who is the drops going to go to exxoc and chevron ... which is own by J.P. morgan chase bank the rockefller family .... and mellon family

This benefits the people and government not enough, have to get rid of it.

Capriles is the CIA frontman and funded by the rightwing anti-Castro thugs of south Florida. He also owns luxury homes in Miami and Coral Gables, Florida.

Go Capriles! Venezuelan elections are a scam and you can't win if you're not part of the corrupt dictatorship, but I'm cheering for you anyway. Maybe, just maybe, someone can pull Venezuela out of the quagmire of socialism .

Why do they call them leaders? I guess the pied piper was a leader.

#$%$If anybody knows Capriles's true history, plunk it down here. And let people assess this hombre all by themselves.

I wouldn't commit draining of a cesspool to a man with such a mendacious and at the same time inane countenance as that of Capriles. A suitable match for other U$ puppets.

I don't think giving oil to Cuba in return for medical doctors is the problem. The question is: how much of the oil do big companies from rich countries want for free in return for a loan from the IMF at cut throat interest rate to benefit the rich in Venezuela?

Of course. Realizing his irrelevance uncle Sam will cut smaller and smaller checks and his attempts to earn them gotta be harder and harder. Embarrassing to watch though...

That chuntaro should run on the Republican ticket for president of the US.He has ALL the qualifications . . . even being half Mexican - half #$%$ . . . screwing the poor, favoring the oil revenues . . . and with a WIFE that George Lucas would make a Star Wars offer to.

propping up failed systems.. is how they survive.. we better change.. or the USA will be in the same boat..

i smell a future CIA election rigging and covert involvement ...in Venezuela  ...and destabilization in venezuelas  fragile economics and government ....just like we  did in central america in the 1980s and iran with the shah in the 1950s ...could henrique capriles ...be the next US backed tyrant ....like we propped up in the shah of iran , saddam hussein , osama bin laden , batista in cuba , noriega in panama , hosni mubarak in egypt , and others ?

the Latins like their medicine and Cuba ranks surprisingly high in health care due to good basic health maintenance and a strong commitment to public medicine check out Michael Moore's Sicko very interesting

Cubans doctors go to a university in Cuba for three years and their medical intership is in Venezuela....killing Venezuelans as a practice. If you don't believe this ask where Hugo Chavez really died

It'd be nice if he's elected. Someone there's gotta give Cuba the shaftlooks as thou nothing will change , two countrys will remain armpits of the world

And that is why he will lose the election. He is probably being advised by Sarah Palin, Carl Rowe or Fox experts.

the US should stop buying venezuela oil which is only 13% of imports.. and create a Navy blockade.. this goverment would collapse in a week....

CAPILIES IS A JEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AP AND REUTERS = JEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!= CRONYS JEWS FROM USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Is this dude related to Ryan it sounds like he is all about the rich it is quite easy to see where this devil wants to take his people

offer the Cuban doctors asylum or safe passage to Miami..  you will see how many Cuban doctors will return to Cuba... less than 1

Vote for Communism 2016. Communism builds a country strong and Capitalism brings a country down. Hillary/Gore 2016

For those who support his idiot, could you make the same argument for our subsidizing Israel while our some of our U.S states are in financial crises?

What better evidence that Capriles' a western PUPPET...!

Cuba should grow up ,and stop sucking on the tit of other country and remitance of Cuban Americans..i could say it ..Im a American Cuban.... BAM!!!NOTE... He did not call for the FREE shipments made to the USA poor in NEW YORK. He will  a PUPPET of the USA

Hey capriles remember you have more to win with cuba than the bule eyesworking with cuba  it will be good for you and your country.  you both speak spanish  just remember  cultural count a lot. don't think the Americans, the russians the chineses are going to be your friend.  you may like them as friends but they may not like you  they like interests.

Dude I got against Capriles, but the man sounds desperate.  He should tone down his rhetoric.  It is clear that, if he keeps bombasting himself out of favor with the rest of Venezuelans, he'll end up losing.  He should not be making statements that appeal to the outside world, he should be making statements that  appeal to the Venezuelan people. i

Healthcare for the poor is not good for Venezuela?   Oh, that's right: For Capriles the poor are not Venezuelans...

I agree with Mr. Capriles declaration. Of course, that great benefict, provides the posibility of better medical attention for poor and not so poor in Venezuela. (I think Capriles will remember to say this other face of the coin, in any moment).