Why must Iran always do things the hard way?

Why not challenge Iran in spreme court for threatening Isreal wiping off the world map.

Liberal judges can destroy any gains made against the Iranian terrorist government. Make sure the liberal justices are "sidelined" during the trial.

England &amp; France want to help the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists murdering &amp; maiming Syrian christians &amp; secular muslims, that our government &amp; media said did 9/11.  Britain is a sponsor of terrorism, for over 1 thousand years in truth

why is it raising concerns that they one a legal trial, are you saying they deserve and unfair one because of allegations? this world is just yesterday with new makeup

They may be enriching uranium for peaceful purposes or they may not. One day there will be one almighty big bang and that will tell us they were not.

Hope they don;t want legal aid!

We have enough bankers and their tricks without the muslim interlloper's!

Allah is imaginary :)

This is what happens when you extend your laws to the unlawful. Muslims the World over are working the system. It would not be possible to do the same in any Muslim country so when the sanctions are put in place it should be added that they also forfeit any legal rights at the same time. That cannot be too hard to achieve can it? The sanctions are supposed to be lawful after all.Just imagine a British firm going to court in Iran trying to be exempt from Iranian sanctions, they wouldn't even get a court hearing.Just the same as muslims coming over here to build mosques, but try building a christian church in a muslim country and see what happens.

first of all, get them to apologise for contravening the vienna accords, then apologise for the illegal seizure and imprisonment of government forces and equipment from the navy. then tell them to bolt.

Once again some silly old fart of a English judge, will agree with Iran that it's against some sort of human rights to  with-hold money for a nuclear bomb programme

Wow Liberty wasting time to defend a Bank.  Isn't this the same bank that broker's Arms sales, launders money, and allows drug trafficking to ruin the world?

simply confiscate the money and give it to Osborne to play with ha ha

Why do those islamic scoundrels boats nonstop over at presstv that the "sanctions are having NO effect on the IRI"? Why does being a muslim make you a moron?

Dont remember voting for Liberty, if they want to get involved suggest they go to Iran and spout off there.

too late osborne's already spent it

get lost

So how much will this cost the UK workers . 'Cos it is the UK worker that pays the tax to fund circus's like thisYou can see it now.......We find that it breaches their rights.........The UK must give them the means to make an aton bomb with which their terrorists and their godawful fanatic government can either blackmail or murder people in the UK .Especially the Jewish ones.These bloody judges would do well to reflect that their increasingly perverse judgements in cases involving muslims or terrorists or immigrants etc does nothing other than aid our enemies and harden opinion against the judges,Islam and the ruling elite who allow this nonsense to happent

are they also going to challenge in america do not think so

let them have the Nukes , the sooner they do the sooner we can get on with proper global ww3 against Islam . Israel are ready .

Justice must be fair and balance without a prejudice. England is far from being fair.

Why is it that countries who support Terrorism are allowed to sue free world democratic countries?the whole world knows Iran will use their bomb the minute it's completed.  They should have NO rights.

I hope they haven't got the same lawyer as Qatada

these sanctions against Iran are evilthey mean children can't get food and medicine, that there are no spares for infrastructure, that Iran cannot spend its money or tradeBritain should get away from these evil Americans - the US is a bullying Nazi terrorist rogue state under the boot of the jew - it has caused nothing but trouble since the end of WW2 and the sooner it collapses financially, the better

welcome to broke country mfs!

I love a good poo.

The Iranian Govt. uses this bank to pay for all their secret activities. It is mentioned in both FBI and CIA documents constantly.