The people who say hydraulic fracturing doesn't lower the price of natural gas need to go look back at the prices we were paying for natural gas in 2004 or 2005 or even 2007.  Ignoring the spikes that exceeded $10/mmbtu, the average was running $6 to $8/mmbtu.  It is currently less than $4/mmbtu, and was below $3/mmbtu for much of the past year or two.Yes, they have been fracking for decades, but development of shale gas plays like the Bakken, Marcellus, Barnett, Haynesville, Eagleford etc have all ramped up over the past 10 years or less, increasing supply which has decreased the price.  Simple Econ 101.  Shut down fracking, you shut down ALL these shale gas plays.  In a short time, people's heating and electric bills will go up, maybe by as much as 3 or 4 times what they are today.

What's with the fracking hat on that guy?

I wish they would quit calling it a method of gas drilling.  It is a stimulation or completion process that is performed after the well is drilled.  Clearly, without hydraulic fracturing, wells that produce from tight formations, including shale, would not be drilled, but that doesn't make it a "drilling method".

I remember when some hipsters were protesting a National Forest research facility here in Allegheny national forest. They didn't like the forestry was keeping deer in an enclosure so they burnt it down. Killing all the critters there. Douchebags.

Can these intrepid foes of fracking, offer any PROOF of their claims of calamity?????

To call those two artists is a real stretch!I am amazed they know anything about fraking - bit then is they did they wouldn't be excited about the process - loony airheads!

Would some frack-tivist list just one case where chmeicals used in a frack job have been found in groundwater.  Lisa Jackson the out-going Diretor of EPA testified before Congress that there are NO proven cases of fracking affecting groundwater.

Go (frack) yourself

When are we going to get smart and disallow LOBBYING?  Lobbying for ANY gain(money, favors etc) should be discontinued and not allowed. Lobbying ONLY by unpaid uncompensated lobbyists should be allowed.(wonder just how many would lobby then?) We must also STOP legislating via lawsuits, That has done extreme damage to our system of government. it leads to legislation through only one branch of government irregardless of what a majority of the people want. It caters only to the special interest groups.

Most all oil and gas is tapped at 10k feet or better. The well is encased in a steel lined bore sealed with concrete. The fracking takes place in the target formation that contains the oil and or gas reserves. These celebrity morons don't know the first thing about drilling a well. A sorry bunch of marxist socialists what they are.When I want to know about geology, I open up one of Sarandon's or Ono's texts.

Susan Sarandon's head is just about big enough to plug a well.

Here's an idea. Shut down all natural gas consumption and coal fired electrical generation for one day in this country.  The Yoko Bono's of the world would be singing a different tune then.I say let em all freeze to death in the dark.

They are clueless and latch onto something and have their own agenda. They fight dirty, dump money into funds and act the same as the "big corporations" they say have evil agendas.They are no better. The fracking issue has brought out a lot of fraud and dirty dealing from the anti-fracking groups. Do they even think of unwanted consequences of their actions?

It's the vogue way to grab headlines these days.

Just like all NY eunuchs, they will do anything to preven the US in becoming energy independent. They love that Saudi $$$$ coming to them to keep the US dependent on foreing oil, and that money is more important to them than US jobs

Two no-talents Manhattan elites who made millions off of an inheritance who want to deny decent upstate citizens a chance to find regular work in a good paying job.

I wouldn't frack Yoko with a ten foot derrick !

"fracking has been going on since 1947, with no reported problems. It's made up, just like global warming..

Those Fracking Hollywood types will never give up trying to find causes to fight for. I guess making #$%$ movies makes you an authority on just about everything. Their personal lives are a testament to who they really are.Just because they are famous does not mean they should be deciding policy for the rest of us.

It used to be whales.. now's its fracking.

Yes.  The group should register and also pay a tax.  That way the government can have more money to squander.

They don't want people upstate to get any jobs.

That's not Yoko Ono in the pic above, that is Susan Sarandon.

My profession and many others in the drilling business depend on this industry for our survival and hollywood should go F-off!  The drilling industry is not trying to force the ban of movies, TV and/or music because these poeple make violent statements and visuals.  Go f&amp;$%#@ up your own life not ours.

I love these freaking hypocrite "activists"...they all live in NYC, and want to tell us out here west of the Hudson how to live our lives. They attend their posh parties with their millionaire pals, and do a "feel good" item like this to get their name in the news. Meanwhile, a farmer out here in the REAL world wants the royalties that this could generate..and some elitist in NYC tells them "NO", and they lose their family farms that have been in their families for generations. Thanks, Yoko, Sean, Susan, and all you other elitist snobs, you're doing a great job of ruining things for us out here in Western New York State.

They should put their money where there mouth is.if they want to protest they should buy a coulple hundred acres and pay the high taxes on the land and have a say obout their land only. They should not protest any thing they don't own !as for my land, fracking is welcome, drill baby drill !

They have a right to their opinions. They have a right to lobby against fracking. But to lobby, they must register as lobbyists. As a start, they should reduce their own energy use, which means downsizing their homes, driving hybrids or electric cars and eating vegetarian. Those are all things I do, and I am PRO fracking. BTW, the energy I use for my home in an entire year is what al gore uses for his home in a SINGLE day.  Hypocrisy is the name of their game.sanjosemike

I actually saw their protest in "frackville" Pa.  They were met by local protesters telling them to leave!  It was awesome.  Protesters protesting the protesters.Artist?  What do artist know about fracing?

Go back to Dollywood and mind your own business. Fracking is occurring everywhere and has been for over 50 years.

Everyone be very affraid, an artist may live near you!What a joke, an artist that wants to intimidate others. If it were not for their money their followers would call them loons, kind of like Bloombooger in New York.

These Hollywood elites show up like Al Gore in there gas-guzzling SUVs,Lear Jets,Sports Cars &amp; Buses in the name of Tree-Huggers! Ask them how much Petroleum it takes to make Lead Batteries for any automobles &amp; they,ll roll their eyes &amp; walk away! I wonder how much GAS Susan Sarandons Shadow Rolls-Royce uses in town..........

I guess if they frack here ill have a new shooting range target.

These rich folks can afford the high fuel costs i cant. Frack on Baby frack on!!!!

Are these "artist" not complaining about "bloomingonionhead" practicing being a dictator?

Communism: destroy the free enterprise system, so these self-important elites can be the new hitlers.

Fracking is good!!!!

First question I guess is, what is a Yoko? And second, who is Sean Lennon and why should I care what he says?Why don't these people stick to what they get paid for....pretending...Get a clue!

Manufacturing of electric cars releases twice as much CO2 as producing a gas powered vehicle. Their is so much waste toxic waste produced by manufacturing solar panels they have to ship it out of America (lots buried here already). Windmills kill birds and drive people crazy with the noise. Environmentalists are causing untold problems while deluding themselves thinking they are "good". Hogwash.

One more thing Yoko Ono may get credit for destroying.

Fine the so called  artists for lobbying violations. 25 million dollars sounds  about right ( per person involved)

Lobbying is big business in NY. . . about the only thing that is.

Ahh, the loony left and their never ending screwballness.

Taxpayers get fracked all the time...

These two lend nothing but their ignorance of the process. Outside of the East coast and particularly "Noo Yawk" no one knows who these idiots are.

I belong to a group called Peolpe Against Idiot Moviestars. HYPOCRITES, they use more fuel on one flight flying around the country on private jets than the average person spends on fuel in one year.

What the frack is happening?Why don't these rich freaks get the hell out of the USA and move down to Cuba or China, etc????

Their faces make me want to puke.

They are communists with an anti American and anti business agenda from HELL.. California has 500 billion barrels of Monterey shale that could pay California's irresponsible debt and give them a boom economy. But those idiots would rather listen to Yoko's shreiking that broke the back of the Beatles musical integrity.

When liberals try to inform themselves about complex issues, finding out what "the artists think" is a actually a critical part of the process. No, seriously...it is.

I completely support Artists Against Fracking, unless they arrived by petroleum-driven car, plane or boat

I would suggest they go back to making music...but I've heard their stuff and until I go stone cold deaf, I don't have much of an ambition to do that again.

All those activists do one thing well, &amp; its not acting, they're against anything that will grow America.

When they got home, they turned on their gas furnace &amp; gas stove to have a cup of tea.

Yoko&amp;Sean are artists... FRACK YOU

Frack on big oil.... frack on.I'm always amazed at the level of stupidity shown by these supposed intelegent people. They continue to refuse the facts, instead they parrot innuendo and outright lies as their basis to fight for the intrests of people who by the way do not own the land and do not live in the area.

I too get tired of these dumb reporters calling Fraccing a drilling method!!! It is a completion and stimulation method plain and simple!!! When you use this method you are Fracturing  the formation not Frackturing it dumbos!!! So it is Fraccing!!!!!!! But then these left wing loons and there Ignorant followers like Julien and Yoko never let facts get in the way of the truth!! The Truth is there has never been a case where fraccing at the depth of 5,000 ft has polluted water at 250 ft Period none nada zip zero!!! You dumb city hicks!!!

so when will pro gay groups have to do this exact same thing..changing public opinion and spending money...also what about all these orgs that are performing illegal activities by helping criminals bypass a legal system! oh wait our govt subsidizes the immigrant groups already!

Yoko has a few bucks and Lennon's son is probably a trustee baby. Both can afford to be "activists". There's plenty of gas/oil outside New York and that's where the operators will  drill.

All  the natural gas in the world, and now the environmentalists don't want us to become Energy independent give me a break!!

why if artists are against fracking, I want to jump onboard. Next to actors and musicians, I find them the most scientifically literate people in the world and would of course trust their judgement on everything.

An Initiative and Referendum bill in New York would allow the voter to decide what is in the best interest of the state.  NY'ers, if you like to pay higher taxes then read no further... On the other hand if you think that the special interest groups in Albany are causing increased state and local taxes then take a few minutes and Google S709-NY and check it out.  If S709-NY (Initiative and Referendum) gets passed in Albany then the taxpayer/voter will be able to decide the issues directly in November.  The special interest groups know that they can wear down the politicians and eventually get what they want.  S709 will give the power back to the taxpayer/voter.

Frack this fracking botch AND her fracking offspring thing.

Im so tired of these fracking rich people complaining, they have no clue what it takes to heat a home or budget fuel for transportation, Frack you Yoko and all your croonies.

And just because they rich they know whats best -- what a fracking joke . HahahaWhat is everyone worried about soon there be a ' new world order ' , ANARCHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The usual suspects, nothing new here!

I have no respect or time to waste on individuals who only use their emotions instead of facts. This group has a need to be in front of the camera, since their music and films never get any press.

When you get right down to the mechanics of anything just what is safe anymore? Goahead, name one thing.

LOLWhat a species! Destroying their planet!!

Sarandon and Ono consume ten times the hydrocarbon that you and I do. Planes, cars, big homes, work and general consumption.

Let me re-phrase my question, due to the fact that no one has answered it.What (it was Who in the first 2 questions) is a Susan Sarandon?

These liberal jerks prove that some people with limited brain power and no knowledge of what they speak prove that idiots are all around us.  May they meet a fiery end.

Well, there definitely not educating.  Every claim by this group has been debunked by scientists at unversities such as California and Texas A&amp;M, to name just a couple.  There claims are nothing but theatrics, such as the burning surface water, that was found to have gasoline poured in before the "lighting experiment."  If you are a land-owner you protect your land and your family.  Fracking has been around for almost 5 decades has never been linked to these bogus claims by scientific evidence.  The amount of "killer additives" is not enough as you and I ingest during our daily lives without fracking.  Also, I was watching an anti-fracking special that showed people in Texas wearing gas-masks to go about normal daily living.  Only one problem, I live there, work there and raise my family there and the story is pure bull siht.  Here we have "entertainers" who don't know there butt from a fracking hole and they are not educating they are spreading lies and should be brought-up on charges of libel and slander.

Guess these folks want us rubbing sticks together, wait.. won't that pollute the air?The Amcerican Communist Party of the 1950's listed using contrived environmental issues to help "fracture" American society, and transform America into a communist nation. Actors have taken "fame", and "power" to dictatorial heights...knowing that they will have to money, and influence to always live well, regardless of how we "little people" suffer. This is just another way to keep their names, and faces in the news. "Imitating art...is not real life"!

Who is Susan Sarandon?

Nice picture of two low life deviates.

Why does anyone listen to these "celebrity" activists? They know as much about fracking as I know about writing songs, film plays or acting.

Oh get bent celebrities, Go get your ego stroked somewhere else. This is what happens when your whole life is people telling you how much they love you.

They are set monetarily for the rest of their lives and believe their celebrity gives them soap box rights thou they have created 0 in their own lives.  MotherFrackers unite!

Bloomberg is probable one of the biggest frackers in the NYC...

I was told about fracking back in 1974 by an employee of the Shell Oil Company!!  Why are these tree hugging freaks getting their underwear in a wad now?? OH...!! I know... it's called FOLLOW THE MONEY!! They discovered they can get money for this, let alone the extra fame! And have you noticed it's the "artist's" you don't hear much from anymore? They are in need of their names being put out there again.

Go away Yoko and take your son with you....

That's OK, let NY get screwed out of the billions in revenue that this would create. They don't need the money anyway.I googled some information on treated frack water that is used in the fracking process in Pennsylvania and governor Cuomo should look at this information and maybe he will allow for some fracking to begin sooner than expected!A division of the DOE,Argonne is using a thermal distillation process to treat water that was used to frack the gas wells in Pennsylvania and a company called Altela is using this process in Williamsport.

Here comes Fracking Hollywood!

These people are experts on everything. They could be co-presidents.

Good for them.  If I lived up there I would join in.  Fracking is bad news.

I'm no left winger but all you have to do is look at all the superfund sites in upstate NY. Most if not all were caused by irresponsible manufacturing processes such as fracking.

The rich who don't care about gas prices get on their high horses as they fly around in privet jets, live in massive homes, have 4or five expensive care want to tell us fracking is dangerous . Sure right. Most of their carbon footprints would be the size of a small city each year.Their disane for the small people know no bounds.

Yoko wasn't satisfied with breaking up the Beatles...now she wants to break any chance at American energy independence.

lets see,..... they got caught BREAKING the LAW,....... but,..... like good libitards, they said the would now comply with the law, so everything is now just fine &amp; dandy !!!FINE them SEVERLY!!!!! or throw them in JAIL

Wow--these artist with a high school diploma and a bach degree in social work are the ones to listen to when it comes to the petrochemical industry. Screw those folks who actually have engineering degrees.

It is easy for wealthy people to be against cheap sources of energy.  I know people in my hometown of Chicago die every year when the heat goes up because they can't afford the AC.  Maybe the stars should fight that with some of their money.If you think this is bad wait until Bloombooger buys his way into obamas seat as the next president.

The only real chance to bail this libturd welfare nation out and the Dummies won't capitalize on it.

Two more experts LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Green movement is all about control,they want to control what,were,when,and how you do it.How about you go frack yourselves!!!!!!

to bad they cant collect all the gas that joke'o is putting out with her other wise uslessranting, she has no idea of not being able to pay a gas bill she still collecting millions from John estate, sorry but she is so wortless any cause she is for to go thge other way, and that's not a hat the man is wearing on his head,  its "forskin"

These frack'in idiots don't have a frack'in clue. Where on earth do they get their frack'in information? Frack'em.

Anyone who has ever lived or worked near producing fossil fuel geology knows that gas does imbibe not only ground water but the air as well. I was raised near a town that had water that not only burned but killed bacteria in the intestines as well. Between drinking that water and my Dad's insistence on regular doses of mineral oil and Black Draught Cough Syrup (mixed with just a hint of kerosene or whiskey), the circumstance made for a strong mind and back. As a result, I rarely complained of illness, not so much as a function of not getting sick, but just common sense to avoid his near lethal home remedies.

Artists have shown to be less intelligently informed about the subjects they sponsor. It is all a game to get publicity. Yoko Ono hasn't been in the public eye for over a decade.

They should be put down as a lobbyist.  Besides being crazy.  There has not been one incident of pollution with fracking.  It has been around since 1949 and is the safest means  Period.  The fracking is below the natural water line and does not come anywhere near any underground water.

fracking is safe.same fools say its not a baby and worship themselfs.Where's the fracking walrus?

Gaga, Baldwin, Sarandon, Lennon, McCarney..., the aristocracy of celebrity. They don't care what prices are. No doubt that there could be problems with fracking, just like anything else, but that's what we have the aristocracy of the scientific establishment for isn't it? Answers. This group likes to pick and choose their "science." Every time drilling of any sort, among a host of other things, is mentioned these zoo dwellers come out of their caves on Mt. Narcissus to get attention. And they get it. They give the terms art and celebrity a bad name. They want to lobby against what's helping the guy on the street? We should lobby against them. We pay them millions for doing what they do so they can be celebrities. Then they give themselves awards and look down on us. How about some real heroes for the people and a lot fewer "celebrities" like these for a change?

I have a feeling that these "artists" don't even know the first rule of engineering.

I wonder if "Artists Against Fracking" use OIL PAINTS?

Coffee shop misanthropes..chairborne overpaid selebraties who own so much energy consuming devices that is pathetic..how they manipulate public opinion...

These Frack'in people haven't a clue. Well fracking has been going on for almost a century.Most of these people use 1000s of everyday petrochemical products. The Hollywood and music crowd would be broke bums if weren't for the jets and cars and semi-trucks and heated hotels that make their lives possible.

those two aren't artists, and they don't know beans about fracking and the affects. Typical city slickers wanting to tell us rural dwellers how to live.

Don't worry they will get their way.  New York will not get money from drilling.  Upstate will continue to suffer to support the city and the entitlement jerks.  Upstate NY is loosing people right and left but that does not matter to these people.  Upstaters don't need jobs

That's what this country needs, one more Lobby and a bunch more Lobbyists. Lobbys already running the country

another bunch of stupids running their mouths about half baked ideas. I think any fuel obtained thru fracking or shipped in from canada should not be distributed in any state that will not allow exploration for fracking in it.I thought that was Elvis Costello at first glance.

To frack or not to frack is the question.  The ability to harvest previously unobtainable resources is an advantage of the current use and society.  To claim the practice does not harm ground water sources is curious.  Why would the Cheney Energy Task Force have gotten waivers for the method if there was no danger of contamination?  Harvesting fossil fuel gas formations is good business and good for the environment when replacing petroleum based fuels.  However, the ability to collect damages from contaminated water sources is an important consideration.  Putting markers in fracking fluids would certainly settle the issue.  When water contains the markers it would prove contamination.  We have courts for civil litigation because it is important to society to have a means of settling disputes.  When one side gets exemptions it seems wrong even when the overall practice is beneficial.  The main point being our government should work for the common good and not for the good of a narrowly defined interest group.  An appearance of government for sale is almost as disturbing as the reality would be.

Wonder why these "artists", who are supposedly liberal/ progressive/ socialist/ communist activists and have the interests of the downtrodden as their motivation deny those landowners the opportunity to prosper in an economically depressed region?

Yoko and boy are stinking rich.  Your basic limosine liberals, bitting the hand that has so genrously fed them.  They would deny economic benefit to millions just to make their uninformed point.  Ok, the northeast can continue to use heating oil.  Its not as clean as natural gas but I guess yoko doesn't understand that.

fracking is banned in Europe because it destroys the water table.

Pennsylvania loves New York.

Hollywood runs on oil. All of the whales and trees would have been burned for fuel (long ago) if it wasn't for oil drilling.

Only stockholders matter - Milton Friedman

No lobbyists need to go jump off a cliff - every single one of them -

Liberals have no problem driving their SUV's , turning on the gas at home to cook and heat ..  HYPOCRITESfracking is the #$%$ du jour

So is it not time that all political donors, including superpacts, must also be registered and declare exactly who they support and how much they spent?

When they ain't acting they're acting up.  I don't give a frick about'um.FRACK ON!  I want cheap gas and I want it now!

What the hey,,, just let the gas companies come and rape the land, inject millions upon millions of chemical infused water into the ground-water tables, who cares about drinking-water 15 years from now.  They'd sell their own mothers to a gas company pimp.

Where fracking occurs, fresh water is eventually poisoned. There is a limited amount of fresh water that this Earth holds, wherever water is contaminated, life dies. It does not have to be - solar, wind energy and a somewhat new but proven technology is already on the shelf - its called 'Magnetic Power Generation, or 'MPG' for short. I've written about this in my column at MALL 727 in the past - it does not need sun nor wind and operates in any temperature extreme and requires very little maintenance once in operation and is relatively inexpensive to implement - providing power for homes, automobiles and industry. I've seen it in operation and it works! Earth is a finite place and if we use our natural resources foolishly we rob our children, grandchildren and those to come after us. There is another little secret that does not get mentioned, and that is the instability of land masses where fracking is committed. Not just man-made earthquakes but collapsing of the ground itself - when too much pressure is released or minerals are washed away, it leaves a void and can potentially cause a sink hole to develop - its already been happening and frequency of events are increasing. With fracking we are playing with a fire we can't understand. Even nuclear power generation is showing its ugly side as plants age and there is no answer on how to safeguard spent radioactive rods for the next thousand years before they can be handled safely. One morning we will wake up to the news that a large water reservoir for a medium sized city near a franking well that has been irrevocably poisoned. That city will eventually will become a ghost town among many that will face a similar fate. If we don't face this situation now, it will be a crisis soon after - and we nor the companies that frack will not have the answers to rectify this crisis.

These people are clueless and only trying to make a name for themselves.  They have no proof and there is no evidence that fracking operations and the process does harm.  How can these two claim a stoppage over concerns without any scientific data of their own?  They along with many of their so called artist friends are no qualified to make these filings so why does our government allow people that are not astute to stop or attempt t stop when they are so clueless.  I defy them or any of their so called artists to publish a claim and make it transparent to the public for viewing.  Hollywood elitists are scammers and should be boycotted for their disruption to our society and economic recovery.

Hey Commiewood, GO FRACK YOURSELF!!!

Isn't fracking a cuss word in Battlestar Galactica

I cannot believe that the entire U.S. Government is being kept in the dark as to what is being PUMPED INTO AREAS SO NEAR TO SOME OF OUR NATIONS MOST NEEDED WATER SUPPLIES ???? Not to mention the possibility of making GREAT AREAS OF "EARTH" UNSTABLE AND PRONE TO DEVASTATING EARTH MOVEMENT,IE., EARTHQUAKES ???!!! So nobody cares, because a lot of people are making the big $$$$$$$$$, and the drilling folks are laughing all the way to the bank, however, when water reaches $1,700.00 an ounce, and not a drop is to be had, well you get the picture !!! I don't have much longer here on God's earth, however, my heart goes out to the youth of today because they will be the ones to suffer because of our government's STUPIDITY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

These two have snorted too much dope, they have become dopes or have been all along. Why do people who haven't the slightest concept of what the process is all about feel the need to disrupt everyone elses lives. Oh, I forgot, they need the publicity and certainly can't get on their own talents (or lack thereof)."Lobbying is big business in New York?".... Like it's not anywhere else?...

... and some how, this  druggie,  dead brain cell stoner from the 60's is an expert?

So let me get this straight.  If I take a garden hose, block it off and poke a hole in it ... the water only goes down.  It never goes up ?  So taking 20000 psi water pumps and forcing toxic chemicals, water and sand down a hole the water can't possibly find fissures (paths of least resistance) and under pressure rise to the surface ?  Wow, you mean they modified physical science and didn't tell me about it ?  I must have missed the update.

hollywood needes to keep there washed up actors on a leash. or at least send them to china, iran and take that non-americian non- singing ugly thing yoko with them.   wake-up america

What they need to be is registered as mental cases, hahaha

Just one comment !! There is  an area below Buffalo NY that goes down to the Ohio,Penn border  across from inside Ohio, east to  about 100 miles from the Ohio  border.This area has been fracked by several oil corporations.  Every farm,, business,,home can not be sold because the well waters  are contaminated by methane,,,oil,, chemicals used,,created by fracking.  Its  a devasted area!!   Involves about 100,000 people!!  Why  have you the press not  reported this disaster???Many states refer to this  area  as an example of why paid off  politicians ,,big oil  need to  be restrained!!  Why  is our  "Free Press" not  reporting this?

Yoko-o-no an artist?  She must be painting cuz she can't sing fer #$%$ and the other one?  Who gives a ratz az?

I saw a documentary by an Irish journalist not long ago that opened my eyes. I have to admit that I was against fracking, but after watching the documentary, I realized that I along with millions of others have been bamboozled by the anti fracking crowd. Fracking has been around for 100 years and the grandchildren of those farmers and ranchers who have lived on the land are healthy as is the livestock. They have been drinking the water, irrigating their crops with no ill effects. I now know better and believe that anytime hollywood gets involved it simply means the uninformed fools are leading the uninformed blind.

These "celebrity millionaiares have NO problems obtaining and using energy but we "regular Joe's" must depend on things like fracking to help us actually have energy to use!  Fracking has scared the middle east because America is now becoming less dependent on them and I say...IT'S ABOUT TIME!   Celebrities...go spend your millions and stay out of my obtaining energy!!!!!

For you who say there is no evidence fracking has caused contamination of ground water maybe you should do your hoemwork and check with the many communities around the country that have already been affected by fracking.  There's a great documentary called Gasland...watch it and than tell me there's no eveidence!Sure,let the tree-huggers set policy  Thy have all studied the problems and are just as smart as Al Gore.  That said 'how does the U.S. become more energy independent'?

Go ahead and start a lobby. I'm sure the lobbyists will be pleased with all the fracking money they make.

The news media continues to patronize these mindless idiots who are trying to block use of this country's energy.

The leftists.  Always on the wrong side of everything.

Fracking destroys groundwater.

I see that most of the comments from most of the people absolutely know NOTHING about fracking or what is does or does not do and how beneficial it will NOT be to the US economy or dangerous it is for the water and the environment.  Stupidity just abounds in the USA with its uneducated population.

If fracking is safe why won't the fracking drillers tell us which chemicals they are putting into our water supply ? If fracking is so safe why has the governor ALREADY banned it from the NYC/Albany and Syracuse water supplies? If fracking is safe why won't they GUARANTEE free water for life for those of us with wells if those wells are contaminated? I guess it is only safe in the poorer upstate counties, the ones without political pull and financial resources ?

These frackers should be looking for alternative fuel - sun - wind - leave the ground alone. The oil companies and their cronies should can the #$%$ and start cleaning their acts up.If you take all the money they have spent on: lying, lawyers, trying to destroy national parks, trying to destroy the nation - boy what savings on energy we would have.

Fracking Cylons !!!!!!!!!!!Hold on is that Susan Sarandon, well when celebrities of her stature are against something I’m against it too. Those people know what’s best for us more so than our elected officials who believe they know best…..Right Mayor Bloomberg…………………

Yoko is still alive? Fracking is organic.ANYTHING goes in the name of making a buck is the Republican-Capitalist way of life. They want no rules-regulations-oversight; on Banks, Wall Street, Corporations, and Big Oil - Gas.

The only people who are mad are the landowners without royalties.NYC (big city) lawyers see the oil companies as easy deep pockets.

im glad the lennon family has our best interest at heart

It's good that we can get a local energy supply and cut off the people in the middle east who hate us anyway.  It's bad that the clean water act and the clean air act and more are being ignored and that the companies didn't have to release a list of frakking fluid ingredients.  It's also bad that monitoring is so lax.It's been considered normal practice in that industry to suck oil out from under people who didn't sell their mineral rights to the company extracting it.  If you use a well and then ignore it for a couple of years, cap it and then re-activate it, the oil will have seeped back into that void from under the property of other mineral rights owners.  This is a long slow process with oil, which is viscous.  The problem comes when it gets done with gas, because it all happens faster, and it involves fracturing shale that is outside the protected well area,  The gas moves quickly, goes places it wasn't intended to go and leaves voids in areas that weren't planned.  It's even worse if the extracting company plans to cause a zipper effect and fracture long areas that will connect on their own.  It's just a little stealing, but it causes the gas to self release, and that's why it's the worse problem.

It is my understanding that most,if not all of the natural gas recovered would be exported? If that be the case,then we,the U.S. citizens, would not enjoy lower gas prices!

I rather have clean, safe water.

Y'a notice how the color of money to rural populations of low income people clouds the fact that the by-products of this practice are harmful to those same people(and their kids) and their crops and livestock(which we eat.) They're willing to turn a blind eye, for a better quality of life for their families but they won't be around to witness the blight 20 years from now.. Like fishermen who deplete the ocean by taking the immature along with the adults.  Its difficult to be reasonable with people who are hungry...I think deep down they know what they're doing is wrong, but they have more immediate issues that will justify their position. I saw this growing up in NY 40 years ago with toxic waste and I'm seeing it again now with gas drilling..hopefully these drilling companies will post superfund bonds to clean up this mess afterwards.. its pretty sad that people can be lured so easily to this behavior of allowing themselves and their lands to be abused for money..course, its easy to say this when you're not worried about how you're going to feed your kids. I'm hearin' banjos...

Hi Susan, we met and we talked on set a long time ago in Memphis.  I hope you're well.  ( I was that handsome guy out by the house and boathouse by the water by Kraft services.) ;o)

im glad the lennon family has our best interest at heart

Looks like these wealthy artist against fracking have nothing better to do than keep up state NY economically depressed.these mindless people need to stay out of the public.  They do not know one thing about fracking except what their puppet master told them.  I fracked wells 40 years ago and the people living on those lands are as healthy as anyone--i'm 73 and I DO  NOT TAKE ONE PILL.  Wonder how many pills these clowns take and not even counting their pain pills and drugs. Who was it that invented the internet????

This group should be called "People Who Have the Scientific Understanding of a Fifth Grader", I am so sick of musicians and actors trying to dictate what is "good for people or planet" go back to banging lines of coke off of groupies and leave the thinking to folks with an IQ over 50...

If your not a land owner, shut the frack up. If your not a land owner you should not even be allowed to vote. You a low life. Shut up.Get your #$%$ back in your appartment and find something to do with your life. The united states needs this gas &amp; oil,

Do you think the oil companies are passing on savings to you???? Making it easier to extrapolate means more profit for them, not you. Never trust big business or the government.

Frack them...

So what..... yes fracking pollutes and at times poisons the ground water when the steel casing break and leak the toxic chemicals into the water supply. NY is protecting the areas that supply water to NYC so not that many pople will be effected by accidents. Those that are effected will be a small number and more than likely they were not worth much anyway, so no great loss when their property becomes worthless with poisoned water. NYS can but them out for a song and dance and just put a condemned sign on the door, what is the BIG DEAL? The gas fracking companies will put lots of money in the economy, that is first priority at anytime! MONEY rules the world!

Yoko has experience in the field. Wasn't she the person who fracked the Beatles?

Artists don't understand logic or science.  They're out of their league.  Go make something pretty, and leave the thinking to the scientists.

Stupid is everywhere,today it knows no boundaries.

Rich people protesting against jobs.I think sarandon is boinking Jr. You know she likes them young.

Have a fund raiser and let Yoko Ono be the lead singing act...

They know as much about fracking as they are recognized for thier art.

most activist have money they do not care about daily working people struggle  to pay for gas

Everything in this country is a frackin' mess, crisis, disaster, or WORSE.  GO GAYS!!!!  WE NEED GAY EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!