Mayday is good time

Who is the defense minister of Slovenia, Switzerland, or Saudi Arabia?  Some 'news' is apparently deemed more important than others.  Why is that?

See, Israel is perfectly capable of policing the region. We, the USA, can stay out of it and work on NOT being in debt to China, right?

Dial a jew for good time

DavidR-I #$%$ slapped yo' #$%$zz &amp; you are one PO'd limpy.

How many nukes does Israel have again?

To the sane, mature, intelligent one's here:  I am dismissing myself.  I refuse to feed sick and demented filth like these nimrods.  Don't feed them, they starve out.  PEACE and Smooch!

"Yaalon takes a hard-line view toward the Palestinian."  Which one?  Do these reporters even read what they write?

Western media always call any Israeli who understands Israel's security situation "hard-line".Western media never call those who attack Israel and/or call for Israel's destruction "hard-line".Why oh why is that?

the children are here. guess mommy and daddy went to their crack house and left them alone..Israel can't depend on the lame European sissies to help them in stopping Iran. Their only ally here to stop Iran is the US.

Egypt has changed in a bad way and Gaza is still a pain --this will be a good choice for Israel--they cannot afford to wast any more time and resources on the Muslim countries that want to eliminate them --they can stop the bad guys any time they want to

I am confused. I thought I read about a month ago that Iran had installed more high tech centrifuges and said they were refining weapons grade material? They even had pictures of the undergorund facilities? Even Obama said that nukes were less than a year away. Now, the article says Tehran denies making nuclear weapons. The media is so uninformed about what is really going on! I guess if we see a glow in the MID EAST we will know!!

Israel is USA's biggest liability.

Obama has repeatedly said he will not let Iran get nuclear weapons.Both the Democrats and Republicans understand that Iran's Govt is an enemy of the US and  that it would be a great danger for the US if Iran got nuclear weapons.

What sort of American would want Ahmadinejad to have nuclear weapons?Only traitors would.

so did north korea, who gives a #$%$ about either one.this country is bankrupt. we are cutting spending, denying services to our children, sick, and elderly to balance the budget and I'm supposed to care about israel? good luck to them but we have our own problems.

Obama is  telling Israel to give sanctions  more time to work   on dealing with Iran but if you read the Iranian news in english on FARS    .  Iran     just announced they reached an agreement with pakistan  to build a pipeline   so they can supply them and maybe India with oil   ..........we don't hear  that  over here about our good friends in pakistan we give billions to to fight terrorism.   .

"Yaalon takes a hard-line view toward the Palestinian. Yaalon has said he believes the Palestinian leadership is not serious about wanting peace with Israel and he is cool to making concessions to the Palestinians."He sees it as it is.  (so-called) Palestinians can't win by force; they can only remain a thorn in the side of the Israeli state.  On the other hand, Israel faces a demographic dilemma in the medium term domestically, and we don't know how they propose to solve it.

If the Jews were more like the Palestinians, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would have been over long ago. On June 1, 1967, right before the Six Day War broke out, Ahmed Shukairy, chairman of the PLO in east Jerusalem, was asked what will happen to the Israelis if there is a war. His response: “Those who survive will remain in Palestine. I estimate that none of them will survive.”This dumb evil biiiiiiiiiiitch that called herself a "mother" bragged about her 3 sons that martyred themselves, and said she wished she would have had 100 sons to kill themselves by murdering Israeli children.  She video taped her 19 yr. old son, just before he martyrdomed himself by being a coward and running into a school to murder students.

I'm going to sleep well tonight.  One less terrorist spawning incubator and sent to hell.

IvanS .. 2012 figures - $72 billion in foreign aid, most went to Arab/Muslim nations, $14 billion for troop training and counter-terrorism. Israel rcvd $3.1, and they're our ally. Let's cut off aid to our enemies!

Bloody Wall • 59 secs agoUgly jew._________________________________________________________Not near as ugly as that filthy dead terrorist incubator that now smells like rotted flesh in Gaza.

The news reports kept saying that Netenyahu would have to start pushing for peace with the Palestinians, but Netenyahu put a big efu on that whole idea.

Seems like the right guy for the position of Defense Minister...

Like anybody but you stupid arabs would believe that #$%$.  Keep on posting...it just shows how really ignorantly r.  Post away, arab, postaway.

Question:  why do arabs still practice the horribly mutilating custom of femAle genital  mutilation? Every civilized country has banned this practice, but it still thrives in arab countries.

Oh, and did you pay attention?  This witch was a 'Palestinian Lawmaker".

Native  •  4 mins 15 secs ago"It is really zionist troops killing the syrians." ......Outta here shortly, too many drunk Mohacadamians :-OWhen Iran's Govt repeatedly holds mass rallies calling for "Death to America!", it is not hard to understand that Iran's Govt is an enemy of the US.

LuKe • 8 mins ag0I Love The Palestinians ,They are God's PeopleThey are facing enemies from the Underworld ,The beaststhe Hades and Lucifer FollowersThe Vampires and werewolves .May God Almighty Protect The Palestinians From These Heathens and FakesThe ayrabs Monkeys are as Bad as The ZiosDogsSalute PalestiniaVIVA PALESTINIA_____________________________________________________________You speak of Luciferians, but you describe them wrong.  You need to understand more.

POB is going to be just fine in the world, lemme tell you!

When I'm attacked - I defend - Tell O to go ta hell - He has a private army and the US is a protected nation - Sorry - it was until they decided not to enforce the laws we have on the books and are now pulling the teeth of our military  !

.Masked Hamas militants stand by …GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) — A Palestinian lawmaker known as the "mother of martyrs" who praised and supported three of her sons who were killed while carrying out deadly attacks against Israelis died Sunday, a Gaza official said.Mariam Farhat, who said she wished she had 100 sons to die while attacking Israelis, died in a Gaza city hospital of health complications including lung ailments and kidney failure, health official Ashraf Al-Kidra said. She was 64.The mother of 10 first came to attention in 2002 when she recorded a farewell video with her 19-year-old son, Mohammed, giving him her blessing the night before he undertook a shooting attack in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip.The video showed Mohammed holding hands with his mother, who prayed for him to become a "martyr," the term Palestinians use for militants killed in attacks on Israelis. Armed with grenades and automatic rifles, he broke into a study hall, killing five seminary students before he was shot dead by a soldier.In a video that mother and son made together just before the attack, Farhat said: "I wish I had 100 boys like Mohammad. I'd sacrifice them for the sake of God.""When I see all the Jews in Palestine killed, that will be enough for me," his mother said on camera. "I wish he will kill as many as he can, so they will be scared."After Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005, the Farhat family returned to the Jewish settlement where Mohammed undertook the militant attack. They took what they said was the piece of wire fence Mohammed had cut to get in, and mounted it on an outer wall of their home.Farhat had two other sons were killed by Israeli forces while they were preparing attacks. Another son is in an Israeli prison.The firebrand loyalist of the Islamic militant Hamas survived three Israeli airstrikes that targeted her house between 2006 and 2010.She also survived an Israeli military assault on her house, when one of Hamas' top bomb makers, Emad Akel, was killed in a hail of fire in her front yard after hiding in her basement for a year.Years later, in 2006, after she became one of the few women elected to the Palestinian parliament as a Hamas legislator.She told The Associated Press that she cried for her slain sons but that "jihad (holy war) comes ahead of everything, including my feelings as a mother."Israelis view such attacks as terrorism and are generally appalled by the way some Palestinians celebrate such militant attacks.About 4,000 Palestinians attended her funeral, including Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh.

The only conclusion that one can reach is that the arabs don't care about their children's future.  This is a difficult concept for us in the west to understand, since it is our custom to sacrifice for our children so that they may have a better life than we have.

Pal....of course the arabs practice female genital mutilation.  They are the biggest practitioners of that custom.  Virtually every female arab born in the Middle East has had her genitals first ripped out by an iman, and then he sucks out the blood.  Yuck!

Robert is a dummy!  Robert is a dummy!  Robert is a dummy!  Robert is a dummy!  A dum, dum, dummy!

sounds like a good one.

Let's talk about the evil bastids in Gaza that want to engage in Jihad, and praise their children for killing themselves for allah shall we?id that we would not allow it, what makes you think Iran is worried about any action from US.  Isreal on the other hand needs to take out the necular program to survive.  Wanna bet Obama is told where to stick his sanctions

&lt;------------I dedicate this picture to the Jew haters! MUAH!!!

the guy Obama put in as "our Navy leader', when asked about the N. Korea threat, answered he thinks 'global warming' is our biggest threat. WE'RE TOAST-If you think N Korea is some starving little nation like the jokia media has portrayed them, OH NO they AREN'T. They are considered well capable of war with the FUS

I think that the USA should do the honorable thing and not support either the Muslims or the Jews (or Christians over there for that matter) in the region. From Libya to Pakistan (including Israel); not a penny or a weapon. We have our OWN problems without the sandbox of drama sucking us dry.

There must be 10 conspiracy theories discussed by our arab brothers on here in the last 15 minutes....type faster, arabs, type faster...the record is 30 conspiracy theories in 20 minutes....GO.

You #$%$ with Iran and anyone else, and you're on your own. USA isn't here to do Israel's dirty work #$%$.

HOW THE ISRAELIS BLACKMAILED US INTO UNCONDITIONAL SUPPORT OF THEM and their RECKLESS behavior: ""In the 1973 Yom Kippur War, Arab forces were overwhelming Israeli forces and Prime Minister Golda Meir authorized a nuclear alert and ordered 13 atomic bombs be readied for use by missiles and aircraft. The Israeli Ambassador warned President Nixon of “very serious conclusions" if the United States did not airlift supplies. Nixon complied. This is seen by some commentators on the subject as the first threat of the use of the Samson Option."

NETANYAHU told the PALESTININAS A BIG F U......Not cool...

Ayyy, for the briliant "check mate" move by P.O.B.  I had to dedicate this song to her.  LMAO!  We should ALL know this one."Can't touch this"MC Hammer YouTube.

Israel has 500 nuclear warheads and the missiles to deliver them in 30 minutes, has the capacity to vaporize Iran and the rest of the Middle East.For all you young people out there reading these replies do yourself a favor and understand antisemitic trolls are hitting this article hard and don't represent the reality of the issues facing the Middle east. It's driven by the fanatical hate of radical Islam and a people, mostly displaced Jordanians, whose Muslim brothers refused them entry into their countries many, many decades ago turning them into refugees instead of welcomed keepers of their faith.

No sane American would want Iran to get nuclear weapons.Unless he's a traitor.

shekel_trader • 29 secs agoWhy don't you two retire for today and go visit the "Waterfalls".They take girls, too.-S/T___________________________________________________________"Waterfalls"TLC YouTube.

If IRAN Is so terrible why do they have so many Persian JEWS in their country that are protected by their constitution.....Just a thought...

The UN Security Council, the EU and the US impose sanctions on Iran, in an effort to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons.

"Palestinian lawmaker, mother of militants, dies"

President Obama: March 6, 2012, press conference: "And what I have said is, is that we will not countenance Iran getting a nuclear weapon. My policy is not containment; my policy is to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon -- because if they get a nuclear weapon that could trigger an arms race in the region, it would undermine our non-proliferation goals, it could potentially fall into the hands of terrorists.

Well, for one thing, the new Israeli Minister of Defence is frank about the peace negotiations with the Palestinians going nowehere ... Let's hope, his country's, Iran's and the World's peace will be kept at least, during his mandate.

Freddy - youtube ...If the so-called Palestinians ever control the West Bank, will it become another sheet-hole like Gaza ?

Pal...Israel gave the palis their own land in Gaza....and what happened?  The hamas killers used this new freedom to launch terror strikes against the israelis...launched thousands of rockets at schools and hospitals and civilians.  Why would israel expect anything different in the future?It makes me sick that our brave children are fighting wars israeli starts. israel wants to bully the middle east so be it but no more American blood for them. They can have all the money but no more lives.

Finally a real man with balls as the Israeli defense minister.

Don't be talking about Pookalicious when he isn't here you cowards!

What if Israeli's really were chosen people/the chosen people.....but they were chosen to protect/take care of their Palestinian/Palestinian Christian neighbors.....and this was the key to their salvation/their deliverance/their holiness. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel...122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS.....with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the most ancient lines of Christians in the world...who likely converted from Judaism to Christianity around the time of Christ or shortly thereafter. Most Palestinians belong to the Greek Orthodox/Orthodox Christian faith group. (figure from Palestinian/Arab Christians Wikipedia).

These people are just itching to go to war with someone. Its getting really hard to be sympathetic for their cause when their solution is to attack first. Maybe its something their doing wrong.

shekel_trader • 3 mins 0 secs agoI wish "Stop Hate" would live up to her name.She has a whole nation of J00S to stop, and yet she hasn't done squat..-S/T______________________________________________________________Shekel, you itty, bitty, tweeny, weeny, shriveled, little short dyk man..... "GET" new ammo.  Damn you bafoons are so boring!

There are no paid zionist here you paranoid toad!

Translation: fight our wars for us, spill your blood and finance it.

hope the new defense minister curb stomps some Islamists real soon.

goodnight Islamistsyikes this guy Mark is a kook. he used to have another name tho i can't recall it, but still mad as a hatter..

When his Palestinian friend Nader el Banna tries to visit his homeland but is detained by a young Israeli newcomer in a soldier’s uniform with a heavy Russian accent, Peled was indignant, saying, “It takes a special kind of arrogance or ignorance, for someone who is new to a country to keep an older person (who was born in that country and whose ancestors were born in that country) out” Miko Peled, pg 150

It is kind of interesting that the palis and other arabs have nothing positive to say about their accomplishments...not one positive  comment.  I guess they have accomplished nothing.  So, what do they do?  They make up lies about jews and Israel.  Once again, they can't face the truth, so they make up these preposterous conspiracy theories to explain why 400 million arabs lose out in every category to 6 million jews.

Pal...it really doesn't matter.  Tonight, you and I will both go to sleep, and when we wake up in the morning, Israel will still be the strongest economic and military power in the Middle East, and gaza will still be a sheethole for you and your cousins.  Chew on that one, Mr clone.

If ISRAEL is a TRUE DEMOCRACY why do they have ANTI MARRIAGE LAWS making it illegal to MARRY a PALESTINIAN and if you do YOU HAVE TO LEAVE the country.....EVEN SOUTH AFRICA during the height of APARTHEID TRIED SUCH a LAW but it was STRUCK DOWN by their SUPREME COURT.......ISRAELS UPHELD THE DECISION....Hmmmmmm TOO RACIST FOR APARTHEID BUT NOT FOR ISRAEL....don't believe ME GOOGLE IT....it is right there folks...

Zionist = SATAN (100% for SURE)

Israel gave Intel $295,000,000 American dollars to bring 2500 high tech jobs to Israel.  It's time we STOP giving Israel money to take our jobs and push us into another war.

I think it would be cheaper just to pay israel not to start a new trillion dollar war.....

There is not a male in the US worth his salt that doesn't know what a DD214 is.  You have really outed yourself.  Keep on entertaining me,  I had rather read more than post today.  Get with it, I bore easily.

Oh goody... another step closer to war.GOOD  . !!

Jews are sissy boys Hezbollah is our light in your dark

I saw John Bolton on Fox this morning, describing, Obama as the most hostile President towards Israel, in recent times!  Hostile?  Really?  Must of missed those missiles, we launched at them!  Now, is that John speaking?  Or is that Fox speaking?  You know, unless you are a right wing loon, its hard to take anything seriously, that comes off of Fox news!

Google Mark Diamond and lie

Israel wants a premptive strike on iran and they want the usa to take over once they start a new trillion dollar war.

Luke the Kook- I'm not a Zio. However, I do rep the Jewish faith! You don' like it? Not my effin prob!!!

"Iran’s behavior poses the greatest risk to stability in the Middle East, the commander of U.S. Central Command warned on Tuesday.In testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Marine Corps Gen. James N. Mattis said, “Iran remains the single-most significant regional threat to stability and prosperity.”Mattis, the top U.S. Commander in the Middle East, added that the Iranian government’s “reckless behavior and bellicose rhetoric characterize a leadership that cannot win the affection of its own people or the respect of any responsible nation in the region.”"3/6/2013

Let Israel fight its own wars.  But, the top priority in the Middle East is to get it out of Palestine.  Israeli terrorism in the West Bank and Gaza must stop, even if the international community must force it to stop.

I wonder which country has been working to achieve regional hegemony, Iran which doesn't have nuclear weapons, or Israel who has over 200 nuclear weapons, but doesn't have the balls to admit it.

Israels leaders are a one trick pony, their whole election platform is based on fear of their neighbors, they are always promoting violence by sneak attacks on their neighbors and convincing the world that it is NOT an act of war when they do a drive by bombing.They don't try to talk or figure out a peaceful means to a situation, they try to make the world believe they are "chosen" by a 'god' and can do no wrong and their neighbors are 'evil'. For 3000 years it has never been their fault but someone elses.Israels leaders are a one trick pony, their whole election platform is based on fear of their neighbors, they are always promoting violence by sneak attacks on their neighbors and convincing the world that it is NOT an act of war when they do a drive by bombing.They don't try to talk or figure out a peaceful means to a situation, they try to make the world believe they are "chosen" by a 'god' and can do no wrong and their neighbors are 'evil'. For 3000 years it has never been their fault but someone elses.

for that post; only real mass murderers, bloodthirsty butchers need to apply.....

In 2011, Netanyahu got 29 standing ovations from his slaves in the US Congress. After his speech there was a mad scramble among the members of Congress to get to Bibi and make obeisance to him. They kissed his feet and shouted “Oh, great Bibi, we are your humble servants. Please take our money. We will give you anything. Demolish more of our skyscrapers if you wish”.

@whoever/a.k.a zippy, why in the feuk are you yelling?

400 million arabs vs 6 million jews....and the arabs have lost every war.  How is this even possible?

Yaalon needs a fair trail for war crimes.  A government with so many war criminals who have nucler weapons is a threat to the entire world.

Some amateur haKKKer was probing into my computer the night before last.They are so dumb.  My page was scrolling up and down and stuff was highlighting.What a bunch of EEdiots..........Where is DavidR?  Is he still around?

Israel the ONLY COUNTRY in the WORLD that can OCCUPY MILLIONS of PEOPLE in CAMPS and STILL CLAIM TO BE THE VICTIM.....HILLARIOUS....

Israel seems to have trouble living in PEACE.......how about give peace a chance

Israel seems to have trouble living in PEACE.....Perhaps they should not occyy millions of people....and bomb their neighbors...Pal...the king of hate on these boards chastising Ishy ....talk about nerve.

So what were the chances of Bibi choosing a Defense Minister who said that Iran had no nuclear capabilities and the current PM was just a blow hard who had been raising the same issue since 1992?

The clone is obviously the arab name of Pal.  The sad sack never has a single valid argument to post. His defense mechanism is the childish and infantile practice of cloning.  What a dork.  And he is one of the smartest of the arabs.  Can you even imagine how stupid the dumbest arabs are?  Guess this proves the genetic theory of why first cousins shouldn't marry, as this practice is prevalent among the arabs.  Poor saps.

Since the "Jews"are experts in Holocaust events,,One would think they could read the signsBi Bi Picks a Hard liner War minister,,,What does that Tell you?  Tells me,,War is the agenda.,,Not Defense...i guess Goyum see things a little different,, Than gods "Chosen"

A major in the US army, a doctor, snuck up on 60 unarmed soldiers at Ft Hood, and starting shoot ing at these unarmed soldiers.  He killed  20 of them, and he severely wounded another 30 of these unarmed soldiers.  Guess what his name was ? Nidal Hassan, an arab American.  Like his cousins in the middle,east, he is a coward and only decided to shoot UNARMED soldiers.

Propagandist IvanS,THE NUMBER ONE SHAMELESS FREELOADER ON THE NET !

See Israel is perfectly capable of protecting itself, we should stay out of their wars and start getting out of debt from China.

After reading Pooks comments...Now I understand why the #$%$ threw them in the gas ovens.

the hardline is the only line for israel -compromise is not in their jews first last &amp; always fabulous fantasy novel/bible -

It figures the Yaalon appointment just shows that Netanyahu and his ctonies hasve no intention to try and negotiate peace If Livni is true to her woird about a real try at peace she should join Yachimov in the opposition-US national security was never at risk when we sent US troops do Lebanon in '56 or '82.  It was never at risk when we attacked Saddam over non existant WMDs.  It wasn't at risk in Afghan.  We put our national security at risk by supporting the Israeli theft of land and by NOT FORCING Israel to abide by international laws they agreed to when they joined the UN.

Those who live by the sword....

Does anyone know what day the President is going to Israel?

Please research the true concept of JIHAD... Zionists cash on your ignorance...

Yaalon has said he believes the Palestinian leadership is not serious about wanting peace??? Really, It's more like Israel is the one that has stopped the peace movement more than once. Israel just want to STEAL what does NOT belong to them as well as beating war drumbs for going to war with Iran.....I say then Go for mr. netyahooooo, ON YOUR OWN and NO U.S. funds warmonger

War Without End for IsraHell and Wall Street.

Jews should do what Jews do best...... and no one cares....

Another FUN TRIVIA FACT: IRAN NEVER DID A PRE EMPTIVE STRIKE On a SINGLE COUNTRY in its HISTORY as a NATION and NEVER even INVADED a SINGLE COUNTRY in over 500 years.......ISRAEL has....also IRAN does NOT OCCUPY MILLIONS OF PEOPLE.....Israel has and still does....not surprising ISRAEL wants a WAR and IRAN does not....

@Mark said - Is he another former terrorist who murdered British &amp; Arab young men &amp; women back in the day?Great question. I asked the same thing but by the time an answer will be given he would have gone from being a terrorist to a freedom fighter to one of the highest elected officials. At least that is the way it works over there.

"Yaalon has been vague about whether Israel would strike Iran on its own. He is believed to favor military action only if it is coordinated with the U.S. The topic is expected to be high on the agenda when President Barack Obama visits Israel later this week."   WHAT KIND OF BS is this --- as an AMERICAN I do not want to support Israels inferiority/control freak policies--- you think michael bloomberg is bad w/ big sugary drinks these zionist want to control every facet of your life and already do thru the federal reserve and congress-- WAKE UPwar war war thats what they want?

Moshe Smilansky

F*** Israel. I am sick of American dancing to her war-mongering tune.

Pal...tell us about the female genital mutilation that is so prevalent in arab societies around the Middle East?  That explains much about the so called arab civilization.

The arabs have virtually all the free capital in the world. I am talking about the oil arab countries..and what have they accomplished with all this money. Have they built any world,class universities? Invested in medical,research to help out mankind? Built a high tech infrastructure to develop the next amazing technology?  None of this.  They have built 150 story skyscrapers in the middle of the desert.  They have funded terrorism all over the world. They have built a lifestyle for their elite class that is unmatched in the history of man.

Out of the 151,700 Christians estimated to be citizens of/living in Israel....122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN Christians. (figures from Palestinian/Arab Christians-Wikipedia).

If Iran has nukes, then how are we going to be able to take over their banking system?.....!

Calling entire population cancer, is ignorant and shows the hatred in one person. He wouldn't even be close to the post in west as defense minister.

Only thing hard line on this man is he wants more hard USA monies.  We send billions to the jews yearly and get nothing but lip in return.

Good for Israel they are surrounded by terroristsIsrael wants to spill blood and they want the USA to help....

Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel....122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS....with a smaller handful of Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the oldest lines of Christians on earth...believed to have converted from Judaism to Christianity....shortly after the crucifixion of Christ. (figures from Palestinian/Arab Christians-Wikipedia).

Ahhhhh, the games begin!80 million people in Iran!Zionist Israel wants them destroyed?Obama said, he will handle it!God help us all!

Yahoo's pro jew story of the day!

It really isn't a "Defense Force". The IDF is a terrorist organization. Even their own people can't stand them. It's an Offense Force. And this reject taking office is really a terrorist. It's sickening how much media this gets.

Look out America, the cost of welfare to Israel is about to go up!

In the Middle East, over 60% of the arabs marry first cousins.  No wonder birth defects and retardation have run amok amongst the arabs.

In 2005, the Center for Constitutional Rights filed a lawsuit against Ya’alon, charging him with war crimes for his role in the Israeli army’s 1996 attack on a United Nations compound in Qana, Lebanon that killed more than 100 Lebanese civilians who had taken shelter there, injuring many more.

These pathetic arabs like pal on here...they lie, they slander....but that's what arabs do.  They haven't accomplished anything in 1400 years...the entire world hates them as virtually all acts of terror anywhere in the world is caused by arabs.

Israelis have not wanted peace.  Israel wants war.  War has gotten them everything.  Peace has gotten them nothing.  FACT.Israsel and America are NOT "linked together for survival" juboy trash.  America has NEVER needed Israel.  Never has, never will.  FACT.

Two guys with more blood on their hands than GW Bush ... that's a rarity.

Sweet.. any bets on how long it takes him to commit the United States to another war?

So even if IRAN got NUKES which I don't think they want......Would they really NUKE another NUKE COUNTRY and the SECOND most HOLY SPOT in ISLAM at the same time.......I doubt it........Perhaps ISRAEL should think this through.....a little more....Not to mention the aftermath of a NUKE COUNTRY SO CLOSE would affect the other.....

Islamic jhasbara is out and about today

An Israeli extremist appoints another extremist to a top government position. Wherever was the surprise?

Bibi &amp; Bogie, the bomb 'em brothers.

"new hard-line..."? When was there ever a "soft" one?

Bibi the Bloodthirsty Bomber strikes again. Really sick of funding Israeli brutality, why can't the jews pay their own bills? gawds know they have enough money....

Why is it that Israel is determined to prove Mel Gibson right?"It is impossible to deal with the Middle Eastern instability without dealing with this threat." You can just drop the "without dealing with this threat." If we could all live 1000 years, they will still be fighting then.

Over 2 million barrels of oil per day kept OFF the world market due to sanctions applied against Iran when Iran is not in violation of any aspects of the IAEA/NPT.  Israel certainly is.

Moshe Yaalon better not vacation in New Zealand where there is an outstanding warrant for his arrest on war crimes.  He is the terrorist rat that commanded his forces to drop a one-ton bomb on a crowded apartment house to kill one militant.  14 innocent Palestinian people were also killed.

Does this mean that Israel is finally going to grow some balls and do something about nuclear-armed North Korea whom is working on long range ICBMs that can reach Israel?  Or are they going to concentrate their millitary efforts on a bunch of peasents armed with bottles and rocks like they have been since 1948?

So ISRAEL has NUKE SUBS and OVER 150 NUKE WARHEADS and they have ONE OF THE BEST MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS THE WORLD HAS EVER seen.....and they STILL FEEL A NEED FOR A PREEMPTIVE STRIKE.....Weird....

Israel is nothing more than a glorified gated community; funded by the American goyim, so that the Jews can play at being Jewish.

My fellow Americans.What you are reading from POOK is simply the jew unmasked.Do you see and feel the hatred and anger toward non jews? They ALL feel this way because they are superior to you and "CHOSEN."

Pal is a good example of why every arab country is an economic and military basket case.  Arabs cannot deal with the truth, so they make up conspiracy theories to explain everything bad that happens to them.  In the last 30 minutes, the arab known as Pal has told one ridiculous lie after another.   It's also why the arabs will lose every future war against Israel.  They can't deal with the truth, so they make up lies, and then Israel kicks their sand monkey #$%$.

0,000,001Pooks ticket to the gas ovens.

First they took over Palestine...Then they framed Hamas as Terrorists/Militants...But no matter what they do, one fact remains: Land thieves (Israel) can never be the original owners of the land...Palestinians need to be RESCUED..."He oversaw Israel's army operations during the bloody years of the second Palestinian uprising when Palestinian bombers killed Israeli civilians and Israel's army conducted military incursions into Palestinian cities."So the Palistinians "killed" while the Israeli army "conducted incursions"..with picnic baskets no doubt. Let's keep things balanced otherwise you lose all credibility.

"a hard-line former military chief as the country's new defense minister"...and they will continue to steal other people's land and make 0% effort at making peace so.............the violence will continue in the Mideast indefinitely.

Rick hit it right, we are all sick of these "parasites"

So what's with the Jews? They want a constant state of warfare. Do they own munition companies?

He must be a hard-liner in order to carry out the Nazi pogroms of the filthy Israeli policy and practices.  Israel is despicable and the US relationship with the murderous regime is shameful.

We have far too many pressing issues in THIS country to be bothered by the whims of a tiny pissant country 7 time zones away from us. Let them fight, let them not fight; whatever it is, LET THEM DO IT ALONE !

For the thousandth time - why doesn't Israel sign the non-proliferation treaty and doesn't allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities? Why does the US which appointed itself the guard of that treaty allow this?

"Nothingyahu," and his team won't change anything there anyway.  There is just too much inbred hate over there!

Israel has to deal with the balance of military power through diplomacy, if it starts a war I think the repercussion is they should go it alone from here on

I hope the coalition works out for Israel, and I also hope that the Palestinians lose Hamas,build their own viable institutions, and finally  get to the table to be a part of negotiating a lasting peace.Israel targets More Babies for Elimination. Baby Killers.

Israel is the NUMBER ONE PARASITE IN THE REGION (a *FIFTH* of ALL of our foreign aid goes to the TINY nation of Israel - 4 BILLION $/year), and the NUMBER ONE ROOT CAUSE OF MUSLIM ANGER and TERRORIST RETALIATIONS drawn to our country - BECAUSE OF OUR SHAMELESS and HYPOCRITICAL OBEDIENCE TO THE JEWISH WAR LOBBY. AND OUR MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL LOBBY, "GUNRUNNERS, INC", sure does appreciate those terrorist attacks, too - so they're NATURALLY allied with the Zionist lobby - for the cause of entangling us into more and more wars with muslims throughout the world.

Mitt Romney and the Republicans rode the support of Israel all the way to defeat at the polls.Before that it was Sen McCain/Palin, two of the biggest schills for Israel in recent American politics.Many of the supporters were Christian Zionists and Evangelicals who believe the Bible teaches those who bless the Jews will be blessed.Didn't work that way did it?

I do not even read pook's attempt at rational thought anymore.....just thumb him down, like Brenda.

WE GIVE ISRAEL 3 BILLION A YEAR, Egypt gets 300 million.  TELL US AGAIN ABOUT U.S., lying Israelis.

A full force ZioNazee youth leader and former member, who wants to destroy the inhabitants for the Jewish Race, who has a bloodright to the dirt, in his mind.He wanted to wipe out all of Gaza during the Massacre which Israel started by killing 6 inside of Gaza, during a months long ceasefire with Hamas, to instigate retaliation, for an excuse to intitiate the Gaza Massacre. Ha was unafraid of the world seeing the war crimes of the "Cast Lead" operation and wanted to kill even more civilians by carring on with the assult. He lost his job over that and NOW, Netanyahu has resumed the zombie of Zionism to continue the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian inhabitants.Ya'alon (originally Moshe Smilansky) would only follow orders from the religious fanatic Netayahu as he rejected orders from a former Defense minister Shaul Mofaz, and I am sure he denies the orders of Jesus, to make peace and to not idolize dirt.

Just once I'd like to see Israel threaten to fight its own wars.

Pook says - In the eyes of the stupid jihadis, all Israelis look evil.Actually it is just the opposite and it begins at a very early age.Nurit Peled-Elhanan wrote "Palestine in Israeli School Books" in which she examined 17 Israeli school textbooks on history, geography, and civic studies. Her conclusions are an indictment of the Israeli system of indoctrination and its cultivation of anti-Arab racism from an early age: “The books studied here harness the past to the benefit of the … Israeli policy of expansion, whether they were published during leftist or right-wing [education] ministries” (224).She said that on the occasions Palestinians (including Palestinian citizens of Israel) are mentioned, it is in an overwhelmingly negative, Orientalist and demeaning light: “all [the books] represent [Palestinians] in racist icons or demeaning classificatory images such as terrorists, refugees and primitive farmers — the three ‘problems’ they constitute for Israel” (49).Peled-Elhanan concludes: “The books studied here present Israeli-Jewish culture as superior to the Arab-Palestinian one, Israeli-Jewish concepts of progress as superior to Palestinian-Arab way of life and Israeli-Jewish behavior as aligning with universal values” (230).

"Yaalon will replace Defense Minister Ehud Barak, who is retiring."Best news of the day.Barak in Israel is an Arab appeaser just like his namesake in the US.Hope we never hear from him again.

More Israeli snipers will post photos of childern in crosshairs@Mark - You should have added children to that list of those who were murdered by the Zionist terrorists.

its easy to be a hardline when the US is paying your defense bills. Give the US our money back and then go fight. i wanna see that

All the arabs can do, all they r capable of doing is whining and crying on these posts.  They have accomplished nothing in life, place no value on education of anything other than the koran, and have little value for human life.  What a sad collection of people.

There is no shortage of hard liners to pick from in israel. This is because it is so easy to act tough with defenseless people.

The European jews aren't going anywhere.  They have a home called Israel for the next 10,000 years.

And this country wants Peace?  If you think that ytou are telling yourself lies. These Leaders lives revolve arround perpetual war and conflict with the Palistianians. IF it eneded there power would go away.

Must love the "cretin crew" ... they insist that you stated something you did not and then try to criticize you for it.Very weak.

I have known Ishy for a long time..she doesn't talk like that...ever.

Jewish zealots expansionism and provocation is a threat to the region if not the world !!

OPEN, BRAZEN TREACHERY OF THE SHAMELESS JEWS: "NETANYAHU has repeatedly called for the release of Jonathan Pollard, an American serving a life sentence for *PASSING SECRET US DOCUMENTS TO ISRAEL*. Netanyahu has called for his release over the course of several presidential administrations. The Israeli Prime Minister maintains contact with Pollard's wife, and has been active in pressing the Obama administration to release Pollard. Netanyahu has characterized Pollard as "a warmhearted Jew, proud and a real Zionist." - source: WikipediaEveryman • 1 min 59 secs agoIt will be my GREAT pleasure to PUBLISH the list of conspirators and traitors when the hammer falls... I have over 6 with Names, addresses, tele... I will just hand that off to the Brown Shirts..____________________________________________________________________I'm waiting.....

I always wondered by God gave back Israel after WORLD WAR 2 and not before...

Israel has always acted in their best profit interest and often at the expense of the United States.American technology supplied to Iran via China and Israel may well be the weapon system that kills American sons and daughter in a war created by Israel but fought by the United States.Israel believes it has the right to take American tax dollars plus military assistance and resell it to whomever they choose.There is no doubt that our "good friend and ally" in the Middle East will switch sides and be someone else's "best friend and ally" when the time comes and it's in their best interest.

In other news, a racist politician in Sri Lanka flushed a toilet.  Seriously, NOTHING israel does matters to the American People as long as israel continues to be the vile, heinous murderers, greedy land-grabbers, and media-manipulating liars they have proven to be time and time again.  There's only an israel again because we felt sorry for what the #$%$ did to them.  Then the jews used israel to show that nobody learned their lessons.  Israel's treatment of the Palestinians ON THEIR OWN LAND is just as bad as the #$%$ treatment of the jews 60 years ago.  The quickest path to peace would be to cut all ties with israel. Heck, we could even convince the oil-baring nations to give us $0.50 cent a gallon gas for the next 20 years if we did that.  Win-win for Peace and the USA !!!!

The Zionist  prime minster of  IsraHell chose another warmonger Zionist terrorist with Washington connection. But the time is changed and Washington no longer under the complete control of the Zionists lobby. Most of the good American Jews do not like to associate themselves with Zionists. It is the same way with all good Muslims who do not want to be associated with Wahhabi / Jihadi / Al-Qeada terrorists.

A racist thug appointing another racist thug.

Netanyahu family are from IRAQ and his love for WAR seems to show as a result...

Israel; first should not live in the US.

IT IS AN ABSOLUTE HONOUR TO KILL, BOMB, MAIM, FLATTEN OTHER COUNTRIES - ON THE ORDERS of "God's Chosen People" (tm). WHAT GREATER HONOUR - than to OBEY the Jews, dance to every tune they play like the gentile b1+ches that we are, and USE OUR TAXPAYER MONEY and the LIVES OF OUR YOUTH to FIGHT WARS WITH ISRAEL'S ENEMIES.

Hmmmm this is LIKE THE USA attacking RUSSIA in the 50's to stop them from getting NUKES.....YES FOLKS it is that stupid....PLUS I don't think IRAN wants NUKES....they just don't want the world to invade them like IRAQ and AFGANISTAN so they want the impression they have them without having them...PERHAPS our wars on both sides of their border and calling them an axis of evil scared them.....What if Israeli's really were chosen people/the chosen people.....but they were chosen to protect/take care of their Palestinian/Palestinian Christian neighbors.....and this was the key to their salvation/their deliverance/their holiness. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel...122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS.....with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the most ancient lines of Christians in the world...who likely converted from Judaism to Christianity around the time of Christ or shortly thereafter. Most Palestinians belong to the Greek Orthodox/Orthodox Christian faith group. (figure from Palestinian/Arab Christians Wikipedia).

Where was our "ally" Israel when we fought in Korea?  VIetnam?  Panama?  Iraq?  Afghan?  Staying at home, illegally occupying the West Bank, the Golan Heights, Gaza, and killing women and children.

Americans interests are NOT involved or served by arming our biggest US taxpayer welfare queen; Israel.  It is not a matter of our national defense nor is it even our biz to hand out guns to the stinking juzz in Israel.

The Jewish zealot like to point their nasty finger of hypocrisy at the Muslim zealot baby killers.  But they too have the blood a hundreds and hundreds of babies on their nasty lecherous hands as well !!

"Why does USA support Israel?....AIPAC Zionist Israels lobby...I hear what they can't bribe they blackmail + plus there are Dual "citizens" in Congress &amp; Senate. The USA is a ZOG (Zionist occupied Government)"

Yaalon aka Himmler incarnate !!!

Does Rodman know about this?

Americans are and always have been at the very top of aviation avionics.  NEVER have we had a need for Israeli avionics.  We have done just fine without them.  On the other hand, any tech we have shared with Israel is lost when they sell it on the open market.  China is one of their biggest buyers of weapons tech.  FACT.

Do a search on "Yaalon war crimes"  This guy is has had warrents issued for his arrest for war crimes.  The more I look at Israel's government the more I see it's made up of war criminals.  War criminals  should have a fair trail.  They should not be in a position to continue war crimes.

Trust Israel at your own risk...Haha. As if that over there is Israel.

Absolute power corrupts absolutely I heard a man say !!  And so it goes with the Israeli governemnt !!

Romney and the Republicans rode the support of Israel all the way to defeat at the polls.Before that it was McCain/Palin, two of the biggest schills for Israel in recent American politics.Many of the supporters were Christian Zionists and Evangelicals who believe the Bible teaches those who bless the Jews will be blessed.Didn't work that way did it?

Fight your own wars Israhell, Americans despise you leeches.

The Jews have been saying for over 2000yrs., that Jesus Christ is the greatests hoax ever perpetrated upon mankind.  They even told Piliate they would accept the decission to hang Jesus of Nazareth upon them &amp; their children.  Now, if it was not for the so called christian nations backing the Jews in Palestine, they would not have any terrorism of their own.

77 MILLION IRANIANS AND THEIR KIDS WOULDN'T EVER WANT TO COMMIT SUICIDE JUST TO RID THE WORLD OF 7 MILL. JEWS. Those 77 million Iranians ARE ALSO HUMANS (as much as the Jew skum want you to believe otherwise), SHARE THE SAME DNA AS US, and THEY LOVE THEIR FAMILIES AND KIDS TOO, and wouldn't want to sacrifice their kids and families in any kind of war, ESPECIALLY NOT for the cause of wiping out the Jews, because EVERY PEOPLE/NATION LOVE THEMSELVES MORE THAN THEY LOVE AND VALUE OTHER NATIONS, so - to sacrifice themselves at a ratio of 11 Iranians for 1 Jew would be self-defeating.

Israel needs to live up to its 1993 Peace Accord with the Palestinians primarily by closing all settlements not within the accepted borders of Israel. Secondly Jordan and Egypt need to supply federal troops in Gaza and the West Bank for the Palestinians. Everyone else is tertiary.

He is a big Zionist ,

Welcome to israel.....apartheid is  a' coming. Worlds biggest armed prison camp.

"Iran committed to ‘full annihilation of Israel,’ says top Iranian military commanderBy Reza Kahlili - The Daily Caller | The Daily Caller – Mon, May 21, 2012. YAHOO! NEWSIran is dedicated to annihilating Israel, the Islamic regime’s military chief of staff declared Sunday.“The Iranian nation is standing for its cause and that is the full annihilation of Israel,” Maj. Gen. Hassan Firouzabadi said in a speech to a defense gathering Sunday in Tehran."I think NETANYAHU never STUDIES PHYSICS because IRAN and ISRAEL are too close for a NUKE WAR....even if only one country launched the other would feel the after math...PLUS, I really don't think IRAN wants NUKES....

Any other news besides the USA will pay the bills?

Check "New Zealand Attorney General stays prosecution of Ya’alon for war crimes"

HOW THOSE GENTLE, LUVVY-DUVVY JEWS TREAT AMERICANS: "Rachel Aliene Corrie (April 10, 1979 – March 16, 2003) was an American peace activist and member of International Solidarity Movement from Olympia, Washington, who was CRUSHED TO DEATH BY AN ISRAELI ARMORED BULLDOZER in Rafah, in the southern part of the Gaza Strip." - WikiPedia

So, the civil war will continue in Israel. OH joy. NOT.

IN THE BIBLE/TORAH - HOW JEWS' CLAIM ON "THEIR" "PROMISED" LAND CAME TO BE: Jews INVADED Canaan and, "under God's instructions" (Deuteronomy chapter 7, Book of Joshua), *EXTERMINATED SEVEN NATIONS* in widespread acts of genocide: the Girgashites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites. They continued to commit genocide against other groups.

SQQQQQQQQQUUUUUUUUEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLPropaganda ZIONIST PIGGIES&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;OINK OINK

,look at these old wore out guts from the nazi front they need some young blood in office.

HOW THE IDIOTIC, MANIACAL JEWS KILLED 34 AMERICANS and WOUNDED 167:"The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two Marines, and one civilian), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship. At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish." - Source: Wikipedia

Watch Budrus and 5 Broken Cameras on Netflix. Those are great documentaries."Israelis had been secretly supplying American spare parts to the Iranians"Irangate: The Israel Connection"excerpted from the book"The Iran Contra Connection"Israel lost no time supplying the new Khomeini regime with small quantities of arms, even after the seizure of the U.S. embassy. The first sales included spare parts for U.S.-made F-4 Phantom jets; a later deal in October 1980 included parts for U.S.-made tanks. Israel informed Washington, only "after the fact, when they were far down the line and right into the middle of the thing," according to a former State Department official. To Begin's ex post facto request for approval, "the answer was instant, unequivocal and negative," writes Gary Sick, the Iran expert on Carter's NSC.""The White House was in fact aghast to find that its embargo had been flatly violated. "We learned much to our dismay," Brzezinski noted later, "that the Israelis had been secretly supplying American spare parts to the Iranians without much concern for the negative impact this was having on our leverage with the Iranians on the hostage issue." Secretary of State Edmund Muskie demanded that Israel cease its shipments; Prime Minister Begin promised to comply. In fact, however, the supply line stayed open without Washington's approval, carrying tank parts and ammunition.""Why didn't the administration crack down? One reason is simply that no president since Eisenhower has ever really punished Israel for acting against U.S. interests. Prime Minister Begin bombed the Iraqi nuclear reactor, invaded Lebanon, annexed the Golan heights and speeded up the settlement of the occupied West Bank much to the Reagan administration's embarrassment, but considerations of military strategy and Israel's political clout in Congress always gave the client state the upper hand.""Moreover, the administration could rarely prove what it suspected. Israel did its best to disguise these shipments by using layers of foreign brokers to cloak their source. Notes Ha'aretz correspondent Yo'av Karny "The cloak of secrecy that surrounds Israeli arms exports is so tight that one can compare it to the technique for smuggling hard drugs." When caught in the act, Israeli officials maintained they were simply selling domestic arms, not embargoed U.S. weapons. "Whenever we would get word of shipments," one American official explained, "the State Department would raise the issue with Israel, and we would get the standard lecture and promises that there were no U.S. weapons involved."

The arabs have ruined every country that has made the mistake of letting them immigrate.  Europe already rues the day that the first arab came to their country.

Moses lead them into the promised land to commit Genocide on those that were living there and they continue yet today.

I wonder if this guy - Moshe Yaalon - is able to trace any previous generations of his family line back to Israel before he and/or his family immigrated.As is the case with most of the immigrants not even two generations can be traced to Israel.

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 "You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies."Yes,  I know that chapter well. Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees, not all jews. Just the evil leaders &amp; rulers that were perverting God's laws.

Israel is the NUMBER ONE PARASITE IN THE REGION (a *FIFTH* of ALL of our foreign aid goes to the TINY nation of Israel - 4 BILLION $/year), and the NUMBER ONE ROOT CAUSE OF MUSLIM ANGER and TERRORIST RETALIATIONS drawn to our country - BECAUSE OF OUR SHAMELESS and HYPOCRITICAL OBEDIENCE TO THE JEWISH WAR LOBBY. AND OUR MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL LOBBY, "GUNRUNNERS, INC", sure does appreciate those terrorist attacks, too - so they're NATURALLY allied with the Zionist lobby - for the cause of entangling us into more and more wars with muslims throughout the world.

Yes, save the post, I do not know street language and I spelled snail wrong.  WOW  Everyman spelled keep as (jkeep) and doesn't know what a DD214 is.  No TV for him tonight.  Whine and save the post.   LMAO

...iam a USredneck......and posters on this thread call me: "Anti-semitic"?....like iam supposed to feel SHAME for that...."Anti-semitic" dosn't mean a GODAM thing to me?....iam not anti-semitic ive got 1jew friend...iam just Anti-Netanyahu!....thats what makes me a "PATRIOT"...

Israel kills women and children indiscriminately, isn't that terror attacks!

Oh yea? Not with my tax money!**== Boehner just cut you off.Is it just me or is he uglier than Benjamin.

These thugs are intent on drawing us into another conflict,Iraq,Afghanistan  4 TRILLION $$$$$$$$$ how much more for the Zionist masters of this super power.

Hardliners every where ,your welcoming message from the thugs of Israel to the leader of the super power LOL.

Amanda and Pook need to go back to the sewers and the ghettos of the east from whence they came.And take your filthy religion of hate with you.

"Israeli-Iranian project to build a nuclear-capable surface-to-surface missile"Irangate: The Israel Connection"excerpted from the book"The Iran Contra Connection"Cooperation between Israel and Iran touched many fields, including oil, trade, air transport, and various forms of technical assistance. But their most important mutual interest was in the military sphere.""Like the United States, Israel cemented its relationship with Iran by the exchange of arms for oil, which both sides kept alive through the worst of the OPEC oil embargo. The Iranian arms market was worth at least $500 million a year to Israel. The Shah bought everything from Gabriel anti-ship missiles to advanced communications equipment. In 1977, Israel arranged a $1 billion arms-for-oil deal around Operation Flower, a joint Israeli-Iranian project to build a nuclear-capable surface-to-surface missile. And like their American counterparts, certain Israelis also seem to have been part of the corrupt nexus through which top Iranian political and military leaders were enriched through arms sale commissions. "When the Israelis decide to change their policy," one top State Department official told a reporter in the mid- 1 970s, "the first place the Israeli jet touches down is Tehran. Moshe Dayan is in and out of there quite frequently."

Jonathonju, I would prefer to let the islamo revolution run its course in the Mideast completely.  They never committed a single act of political violence against Americans until we supported the Israeli theft of land in '67.  FACT.  Not once.  So let them run wild in the Mideast. Cutt  off our involvement in the age old arab/jew conflict forever and permanently.  NOW.

Iran's Govt repeatedly says Israel is a cancer that will be destroyed. Israel has the right to protect itself from Iran.

Ron there are very few veterans in comments.  Me.  But not a single, stinking heeb for sure.

Ya know, Pal...you really denigrate the memory of your avatar with your foul, disgusting language on here.  But that's your choice.

Sorry Luke.  I must have missed your outstretched hand of peace because it was so Intertwined in your multiple and numerous messages of hate.  However, if you would like to honestly debate using real facts, I am ready to do that.When will NATO rescue Palestinians from Israeli thugs???Unfortunately they are busy invading Muslim countries for Western Imperialists...

Israel-nazisland

Sorry Pal...I retread Ishy's posts and I never saw her say that.

THOU SHALT NOT KILL.Bogie is a niegerr.Bogie is a niegerr.Bogie is a niegerr.Bogie is a niegerr.Niegerr, niegerr, niegerr!

Take one look at this cretin and it is obvious he is "evil incarnate".But then again he's already been around and is just recycling through the normal ZioNazi loop in the Pirate Kingdom's government.I guess they figure its time to move him up, as he's sure getting fat.The more fat and ugly, the better, when you're an aspiring ZioNazi..-S/T

God Bless Israel Freddy K,majority of aid is spent on U.S. made arms, 1.2 billion goes directly toward repayment, plus incalcuable tech innovation, computer/agricultural advancement, an our stratigic ally in the fight against Islamic encroachment

BiBi why not say Bye Bye.

I wonder how many of the posters here on this forum are veterans?

Bogie and Bibi are on a role.

Moshe Yaloon,  is just another fat, vile/heinous ZioNazi thug.In speaking to his brother-in-law who still maintains that Israel should remain a Jewish state, Miko Peled clearly disagreed saying “But you know as well as I that we are all settlers, and all of Israel is occupied Palestine.”

History will be repeating itself once again as the Zionists never learn. Their lies, murderess acts, stealing others land,  their racist views, human trafficking not to mention their horrible and evil religious belief are once again catching up with them and once again they will pay the price for their crimes and lies.Unfortunately, moderate Jews will suffer as well because of them.Zionism is the enemy of the world and they will not get away with it anymore.

Jews are the number one enemy of Jesus and Christianity!!!

Since the US military draft ended in '72, the loneliest job in the US military is "rabbi".  FACT.

At the time of the Fort Hood shootings there were five thousand arabs in the US Army.  Mainly in interpretation roles and many in communication/intell.  Many more in combat roles.  At the same time there were fewer than 200 jews in our Army.  Most were officers in non combat roles, mostly medical, intell (all for data acquisition for their Israel of course) and others in communication (again, all for their Israel).

I hear war drums beating again.

In the other news - Netanyahoo used a white toilet paper.

Israel sure does want a war.......funny how IRAN is more rational than ISRAEL on this one...HERE IS A TRIVIA FACT....IRAN has NOT invaded a SINGLE COUNTRY in the last 500 years....and has never done so as the NATION of IRAN in its history.....something to think about....ISRAEL can't say the same...most countries can't

Fantastic now they can get on to killing more Palestinians waiting for a retaliation turning the cameras on and call the Palestinians the Agressors then massacre as many of them as they can all while living in the land they stole from them the true decendants of the Hebrews and Canaanites. You want to know what Jesus and his deciples looked like??? Look at the Palestinians skintone, hair etc all match the elements of the land. Not those Russian, German, Alpenoid, with slight turkic strain known as Jews true there is Palestinian background to them as well but they have mixed and been joined by converts for so long they are no longer the true natives to the land as are the people they continually kill and repress. BY THE WAY the worlds OLDEST CHRISTIANS ARE PALESTINIANS A large number of Palesetinians are still Christians to this day from the first christians in the 1st century.

preparing a battle plan to use the U.S. ???Question:  why is every arab country without oil an economic sheethole? Every single one, without exception.  Anybody care to guess why that is?

GREAT satan has another chief.

What the writer of the article forgot is that Satan Netanyahu and his terror minister are foreign invaders and illegal aliens in Palestine. So if anyone should be distrusted, it should be them evil creatures and not the indigenous people of Palestine. Furthermore, there is no such thing as israhell, it is an illegal, illegitimat country built on stolen Palestinian land and occupied by a collection of as I mentioned above, foreign invaders and illegal aliens form Poland such as Satanyahu, Moldova, Russia, The Ukraine, Hungary, Germany, Britain, The US, Austria, France, Australia, Morocco, Iran, Yemen, Ethiopia......, get the picture. The genocide, atorcities and ethnic cleansing these evil creatures have been committing against the indigenous people of the land mirrors exactly what the KKK used to do to blacks during Americas dark days. It is a stolen chapter form the #$%$ and South African apartheid government book on evil, sinisizm and monsetrocity.In addition to all the genocide against the indigenous people, the latest from these monsters is the eviction of black people from the holy land and the sterilization of the Ethiopian jews to keep them from reproducing because according to Satanyahu and his evil cult, they threathed the existence of the so called jewish state. The sad part is that all this is taking place under the watchful eye of the entire world and no one is doing anything about it. Actually, Obamd is going there next week to pledge his unconditional support for all of that. What a shame.

You could just ask me questions.  I may or may not answer them, though.

“He also has voiced skepticism about the chances for reaching peace with the Palestinians”, he is write, and how the thief will have the peace with the home-owner, this equation is impossible. Zionist Jews must go back to Europe, US and the country whom come from, Discremency will not last forever.

The first Christians WERE Palestinians and they STILL are!! The Christian city of BeitLahm is a Prime example So many Palestinians are Decended from the First century Christians. Palestinians once lived in the entire land that these people have taken and now kill them from. They suppress and provoke Palestinians to this day and continue to kill them and wall them off they are a people trapped in ghettos and yet the Zionists spread the lies and build a false image of them as terrorists it is clear to anyone they are defending themselves best they can and trying to regain their lands. Only bigots go along with the zionist policies.

(Israel) "guided by a ravenous hunger for profit rather than by strategic considerations..."Irangate: The Israel Connection"excerpted from the book"The Iran Contra Connection"As Israeli Defense Minister Ariel Sharon told the Washington Post in May 1982, justifying Israeli arms sales to Tehran, "Iraq is Israel's enemy and we hope that diplomatic relations between us and Iran will be renewed as in the past." Four months later he told a Paris press conference, "Israel has a vital interest in the continuing of the war in the Persian Gulf, and in Iran's victory." Such views were not Sharon's alone; Prime Ministers Itzhak Shamir (Likud) and Shimon Peres (Labor) shared them too.""The carnage of human life didn't figure in the equation at all. Uri Lubrani, Israel's chief representative in Iran under the Shah and Nimrodi's superior in Mossad, recently justified continued arms sales because "Khomeinism will disappear and Israel and the United States will again have influence in Iran.""One other consideration, rarely articulated, also swayed successive Israeli leaders: money. According to Gary Sick, an expert on Iran who served on the NSC under Presidents Ford, Carter and Reagan, "Israel acknowledged that arms sales were good business. One out of 10 Israeli workers is employed in arms-related production; military items constitute more than a quarter of Israel's industrial exports." The distinguished Israeli defense correspondent Ze'ev Schiff states that Israel's pro-lran policy has been "guided by a ravenous hunger for profit rather than by strategic considerations..."

Pal has a conspiracy theory explanation for everything that has happened in history.  That's what the arabs do....they can't face the truth, so they make up a story that makes the arabs the good guys.  It's why every arab country with no oil is an economic basket case with no future and 50%+ unemployment.  It's also why the arabs have lost every war against Israel.

I take it Bloody Wall is Zippy?  It must be.

Americans have come to learn that Israel and their jewish agents here in America do NOT have our best interests in mind when it comes to US/MIdeast policy.  They want Americans ever more deeply involved in the Mideast.  They want more of our troops there and they want more of them killed by whatever means.  Americans see that jews and their Israel are NOT anything like a friend or ally of the American people and never have been.Even the South Koreans fought with us in Iraq, Vietnam, Korea, and Afghan.  Never has the IDF, our "allies", fought alongside US troops.  Never.  Not once.  EVER.

Arabs are especially good at abusing their women.  They mutilate them at birth, and then they treat them like second class citizens all their lives. They make them cover themselves from head to toe in the horrible black burqas, even in the heat of summer.  More like slaves than people.

Jefferey, prove you are not a stinking jew coward.  Move to your Israel and serve in your IDF instead of hiding out here in America.

I have seen no extra effort by Israel to have peace in the middle east. And If a Jew built his house on my property line i be mad too.

OPEN, BRAZEN TREACHERY OF THE SHAMELESS JEWS: "NETANYAHU has repeatedly called for the release of Jonathan Pollard, an American serving a life sentence for *PASSING SECRET US DOCUMENTS TO ISRAEL*. Netanyahu has called for his release over the course of several presidential administrations. The Israeli Prime Minister maintains contact with Pollard's wife, and has been active in pressing the Obama administration to release Pollard. Netanyahu has characterized Pollard as "a warmhearted Jew, proud and a real Zionist." - source: Wikipedia

THIS IS NOT ISLAM VS JEWS, this is about Israelis blackmailing our politicians so Israel can kill and steal LAND.  You Israelis need to get off U.S. boards.

POOK IS A PUTRID ISRAELI TROLL.  Every thing I post is TRUTH.  Google it, or are you Israel supporters chicken?

I always think of Israel when I hear these lyrics:"I will survive.....hey hey hey......"I can't remember the rest of the song....lol  from the 80's

WHAT REALLY CREATED THE ECONOMIC CRISIS....The Fed kept interest rates LOW to prop up the economy so taxes would keep flowing to pay for 2 WARS. We almost WENT UNDER, because Israel wanted us to attack Iraq, created Bin Laden by occupying Palestine, AND CAUSED 9/11. 'UCK ISRAEL.

OUR CONGRESS IS *OWNED* BY ISRAEL. In 2011 1/5 of our congress received a free trip to Israel, PAID BY ISRAEL.  We are not free.JEWS HAVE OVER 400 NUKES - ENOUGH TO HOLD HOSTAGE THE REST OF THE WORLD TO TOLERATE THEIR RECKLESS BEHAVIOUR (land-grabbing) AND DO THEIR BIDDING (impose sanctions on THEIR enemies) - or else they unleash nuclear winter by using their nukes, they also have ICBMs (Jericho rockets), BIOLOGICAL WEAPON PROGRAMS (that lovely *Anthrax* thingy), and CHEMICAL WEAPON PROGRAMS (Remember Chemical Ali?) - the same thing we ravaged Iraq for. ANY DEFENSE ANALYST WILL CONFIRM. The Jews are doing EVERYTHING the NAZls did or were trying to achieve in regards to WMDs - the only difference being: THE NAZls DIDN'T EXPECT SYMPATHY AND SUPPORT for their behaviour and ambitions.

Israel's problem is an inability to make peace with the Pals. 300,000 "settlers" armed to the hilt that no-one wants to deal with. Iran is just an excuse.

Freddy K is a Taqiyya Hound.

Question is, is how do skinheads like RICK manipulate the thumbs down so often? Another tool to spread his fear, hate and lies.

THOSE LOVELY, PEACE-LOVING, NON-MEDDLING JEWS (little trip down history lane):In 1983 ARIEL SHARON proposed to India that it join with Israel to *ATTACK PAKISTANI NUCLEAR FACILITIES* (Pakistan is now fully nuclear); (FACT!)in the late 70s he proposed SENDING ISRAELI PARATROOPERS TO TEHRAN TO PROP UP THE SHAH (i.e. help maintain DICTATORSHIP OVER THE IRANIAN PEOPLE; (FACT!)and in 1982 he called for expanding Israel's security influence to stretch from "Mauritania to Afghanistan" (PERHAPS EVEN THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH for the Jews). (FACT!)

Americans owe nothing to Israel OR their jewish agents here in America.  They should all be lined up against the wall and dealt with.

Pal-Inmemoriam Of  Dishonoring Americans,Please review your 67' history .. Ararfat &amp; terrorist group PLO, along with six Muslim nations tried to eliminate Israel. Jordan having defined borders couldn't lay claim to a division of Israel, so the creation of a "same but seperate" Muslim entity was their guise. Until that time, Israel supported borders, you're guys didn't .. so your question is stupid !

Instead of using their money to build an economy and future for their people, the arab countries have used all of their money to make war on Israel.  I guess revenge is way more important than building a life for their children.

ISRAEL'S WARS HAVE BANKRUPTED US.  We are 14 trillion in debt.  Over the last 40 years, they have received $30,000 for each Israeli.

For all you young people out there - especially Israelis - watch Budrus and 5 Broken Cameras on Netflix. Those are great documentaries. Both were done by Israelis.They - your government - won't show them to you in your high schools.Peled is not just one person but he did come to his opinions thru fact discovery.One such example occurs when Miko is confronted by a Palestinian narrative diametrically opposed to what he has known his whole life. He then learns that objective, recorded historical fact supports the Palestinian narrative, not his. So he writes the following: “The willingness to accept another’s truth is a huge step to take. It is such a powerful gesture, in fact, that contemplating it can make you want to throw up.”I hope Pook was on the receiving end of that!

At the height of Israel’s brutal 2008-09 assault on the Gaza Strip, then-foreign minister Tzipi Livni claimed that “Palestinians teach their children to hate us and we teach love thy neighbor”Don't buy the lie!!!!!

Well..this has been fun, but I got to go...need to,do something productive yet tonight.  G'nite to all my friends...liars on here, rot in Hell.

T@LMUDIC Noahide Laws Congress Passed In 1991 in honor of the Racist Anti-Gentile New testament burning Bolshevik Supremacist RabbiSearch- Congress passed T@LMUDIC Noahide laws 1991For anyone who is not aware of these anti-Christian and anti-America laws on our books to honor a Racist Supremacist Rabbi.Menachem Schneerson got standing ovations from the US Congress"The wives and daughters of Gentiles are [prostitutes]."- Menachem Schneerson, the Lubavitch RebbeSearch-Menachem Schneerson Lubavitch Rabbi Racist Supremacist Qoutes.Look at a bunch of sources not just wiki

Li'l Pooky owes me.  I taught him how to use the word "cretin".By adding that word, he increased his vocabulary 7%..-S/T

What if Israeli's really were chosen people/the chosen people.....but they were chosen to protect/take care of their Palestinian/Palestinian Christian neighbors.....and this was the key to their salvation/their deliverance/their holiness. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel...122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS.....with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the most ancient lines of Christians in the world...who likely converted from Judaism to Christianity around the time of Christ or shortly thereafter. Most Palestinians belong to the Greek Orthodox/Orthodox Christian faith group. (figure from Palestinian/Arab Christians Wikipedia).

TO THE CIA: PLEASE TAKE OUT NUTJOBYAHOO.  Do us all a favor.  People like that create our enemies, not for the sake of the U.S., or our interests, but to enable Israel to steal more land.

ISRAEL IS ONE OF THE MOST *HATED* NATIONS IN THE WORLD.  Latest BBC poll places them right beside North Korea.

There are 120 members in the israeli government. If they had to pick one to be a defense minister they had no choice but to pick a cold blooded killer. They all have blood on their hands.

It will be another two hours before the jews in Israel get up and get online.  Then they will be fired up and start their daily dose of propaganda.The Bodie and BIbi show --- oh great this ought to be good ---- AMERICANS we need to stop supporting Israel in every way -- Our alliance with Israel is what is causing all of our problems -- they are stealing our taxpayers money and writing in laws that are taking our liberties -- WAKE UP ALREADY

On a side note, I saw the movie "Gatekeepers" this weekend, which is well worth seeing...

IF YOU ARE A JEWISH AMERICAN, AND YOU PUT ISRAEL FIRST BECAUSE OF IT, then you are a traitor and should be DEPORTED.

GOD BLESS AMERICA GOD D*A*M*N* material ISRAEL!

Hagel of Nebraska would have been a better choice. That way we could keep track of these trouble makers.

Truther IslamoNazi is American my foot

I think it is so funny that Hezbollah went crying to the UN to get Israel to stop their destruction of Hezbollah, and now the arabs on here are claiming that the hezzies beat Israel. Arabs, this is why every arab country without oil is a sheethole;  you cannot deal with reality.  You guys are really very funny.

israel, a parasite to America. What did we ever EVER get from this lil #$%$ ant?

liars, land thieves, murderers, war criminals, what neighboring Country are you plotting death and destruction with next?

CIA, PLEASE TAKE "CARE" OF NETANYAHU.  Please.  Israel is our biggest problem.  They need to be taught a LESSON.Another lard fatazz pig ready for slaughter

BOBERT, YOU IDIOT.  You Israel supporters and Israelis love to pretend we are "Muslims".  WE ARE AMERICAN, AND WE PUT AMERICA FIRST.  Israel is a racist chit hole.

We are becoming Legends Pook ;-)

We should arrest Israeli war criminals.  A few trails should help peace.

Israel, the tiniest nation in the Middle East, has the strongest economy in the Middle East.

TO KEEP AMERICA IN A PERPETUAL STATE OF FRUITLESS, US-TAXPAYER-MONEY-WASTING WAR WITH THE MUSLIM WORLD - is the agenda of the JEW LOBBY CONTROLLING WASHINGTON. Only by convincing the American public that "muslims are the satanic, subhuman enemy always bent on destruction of America" - is the Jew lobby able to PERPETUATE THE LIE that "Israel is our friend and ally" - which enables the Jews to SUCK OUT 4 BILLION US TAXPAYER DOLLARS EACH AND EVERY YEAR in "aid to Israel".

A JEWISH PUBLISHER IN ATLANTA WROTE THE MOSSAD SHOULD *KILL OBAMA*.  Ordinarily, he would be ARRESTED.  Why is he still free????

"Benjamin Netanyahu appointed on Sunday a hard-line former military chief as the country's new defense minister." - AND THE US TAXPAYER WILL FINANCE ANY WAR THAT ISRAEL WANTS US TO FIGHT FOR THEM - and USA WILL ALSO PROVIDE THE LIVES OF IT'S SONS TO DIE IN WARS WITH ENEMIES THAT ISRAEL CREATES.

Can everyone do JOHNATHAN POLLARD A FAVOR?Please use your thumbs up to expose ISRAEL AND THE ASKENAZIONIST Propagandist PIGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hard-line huh? I guess that means even more dead Palestinian kids.Americans have come to learn that jews do NOT have the best interests of America in mind.  In fact Americans are becoming aware that jews are not loyal to America at all.  Americans can see that jews put Israeli interests ahead of American interests quickly, at all times, and with devious efforts.  Easily seen is the jewish efforts to demonize arabs/muslims and now Iran, at every turn and opportunity.  And it is seen as frivilous, silly, and typically jewish.  Jews are nothing but shills for their Israel.

Should of let Hittler colonize these blood thirsty Zionist jews on the island of Madagascar.It is a crime that England and America (Balfour Agreement) put them in Palestine, against Palestines will. At one time or other Jews have been kicked out of every country in Europe except Poland.

modern science has already proved these ppl have no traces to the ME, fake fks, get back to your eastern europe trash bin

Such decisions as Moshe Yaalon, as Israeli defense minister, is why Israel is not an ally of American interests in the Middle East.  Palestine has a right to exist just like Israel.  American Diplomacy, if it had any spine at all, should enforce the 1991-1993/2001 Oslo Accords and withhold security, banking and economic aid to Israel via sanctions until it complies completely.

HOW THE IDIOTIC, MANIACAL JEWS KILLED 34 AMERICANS and WOUNDED 171:"The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two Marines, and one civilian), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship. At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish." - Source: Wikipedia

Israel has a vibrant first world economy.  None of the arab countries have anything...just sheetholes.

Palestinians have noi8ntention of making peace. They are there to invade kill and steal. That is who they are they will never change they have been this way for 60 years. They are sewage.

BobAD, the fact is the Egyptians ran them off while the jews were pilaging the Egyptian countryside.  The Egyptians got enuff of those "people" or whatever the stinking juzz are.

Q: When will the Arab League come to the aid of the Palestinians?A: Right after mathematicians figure out a way to divide by zero.

AEK Athens midfielder Giorgos Katidis has been handed a life ban from all national teams by Greece's football federation after he gave a Nazi salute to supporters during a match yesterday.  (Today marks the 70th anniversary of Greek Jew deportations in Nazi concentration camps in WW2.)Go....most American jews voted for Obama...I don't understand it myself, but there ya go.

David R...I'll answer that question....there is no inconsistency about being a loyal American, and being a Zionist.  None at all.

The nasty man is just another Jewish zealot spy and assassin don't ya know !!

Farid K is American my footCriticallyArab is American my footSamantha-Fatima is American my footShekel Traitor is American my foot

Satantha,He knows what a DD214 is you dolt, he has no need of your silly street slang.  Mongrel, you just won't do.

Pal....what kind of computer are you using?  Doesn't really matter whether its a PC or Apple product, both use chips made in Israel.  Did you know that?  Bwahahah

Who said these cretins were not baboons, just take a look at them.  Would you give them a State?  Not me.

It takes a big mouth to say "Moshe Yaalon"..-S/T

What did the pedophile say when released from prison?"Hi my name is Freddy"

Freddy K • an hour ago"cut off their aid is like cutting off their god"Allah will be soooo mad when we do that, but aid to Arab nations must stop !The arab oil countries have all the money in the world, thanks to their extortion of $100/barrel oil prices....yet they do not have one world class university.

WHAT THE U.S. HAS SUFFERED FOR ISRAEL - 9/11, the Afghan War, the 40 year "MidEast Crisis", the Iraq War, alienating us from Muslim nations, creating Bin Laden, the Oil Embargo of the 70's, the Lavon Affair, the U.S.S. Liberty, the assassination of Robert Kennedy, all the terrorism we have suffered for Israel, all the monies wasted, all the U.S. lives lost, millions of Muslim lives lost, the bombing of Lebanon, bombing of Gaza, hundreds of thousands of refugees, Palestinians living in poverty, hatred against the U.S.  WHY DO WE LET THIS CONTINUE???.........................We need to TAKE CONTROL and EITHER FORCIBLY CREATE AN INDEPENDENT PALESTINE, OR FORCE ISRAEL TO ACT LIKE A CIVILIZED NATION AND ACCEPT THE PALESTINIANS AS CITIZENS.  Israel will NEVER willingly do either.

It has been said that the Israeli army has a State, not that the State has an Israeli army.

""The crimes of the jews justifies 10,000 pogroms.""

Israel is the NUMBER ONE PARASITE IN THE REGION (a *FIFTH* of ALL of our foreign aid goes to the TINY nation of Israel - 4 BILLION $/year), and the NUMBER ONE ROOT CAUSE OF MUSLIM ANGER and TERRORIST RETALIATIONS drawn to our country - BECAUSE OF OUR SHAMELESS and HYPOCRITICAL OBEDIENCE TO THE JEWISH WAR LOBBY. AND OUR MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL LOBBY, "GUNRUNNERS, INC", sure does appreciate those terrorist attacks, too - so they're NATURALLY allied with the Zionist lobby - for the cause of entangling us into more and more wars with muslims throughout the world.

I think the situation of the Jews in Israel is often seen through a racist/paranoid lens, although many Right-wing settler Jews are committing serious crimes against Palestinians which deserve condemnation, the situation in greater Israel, among the average Israeli, is quite different. Israel, is in many ways, an enormous refugee camp/prison for Jews and Palestinians. The Jews were more or less driven into Israel because of 500 years of European/German anti-semitism, anti-semitic Soviet Communism and the hate filled rhetoric and actions of Nazism/Hitler. Now the two residents of this enormous Israeli prison/refugee camp/nation...are left trying to sort through the aftermath of this foreign hatred, which has forced them together and made them sworn enemies. In reality the Israeli Jews and Palestinians are both victims of anti-semitic hatred, dictatorship and decades old genocide. Many posts state that the Jews are persecuted because they are being punished by God, but I think it was God's plan for Jews to live among Christians in Europe and Russia in hopes they would embrace their messiah Jesus Christ. Many of them did, and many more still would have if Hitler, Stalin and anti-semitic hatred had not sabotaged God's plan. God is not angry at the Jews, he's angry at the men of hatred/dictatorship who have forced the Jews and Palestinians into this difficult situation. Recognize your common enemy, instead of cannibalizing one another. Emulating the actions of the those that have imprisoned you and your neighbors unjustly.....brings judgement.

Jews in America see military service as beneath them.  they prefer to beat the war drums for others to serve and fight wars for their Israel.

ISRAELIS SHOULD BE *BANNED* FROM U.S. BOARDS.  They are lying TRASH.

Hypocrisy: Anna cares for Nutty Yahoo being hanged to death... FOR WAR CRIMES...which is FAIR and JUSTICE...Yet she doesn't give a damn about 1516 INNOCENT Palestinian Children who were killed in the last 12 years by her beloved Israel..... Anna, you're a hypocrite and you NO WAY follow Jesus Christ... You are FAKE.

I remember the good old days in the old neighborhood...During the summer the jews would have their "walk for Israel." They would come into our christian neighborhood chanting..."Jesus Christ super star? Who the hell do you think you are?" They just seethed with hatred.Israel and America's refusal to comply with...and blocking of....repeated U.N. peace resolutions/peace diplomacy over the years concerning Israel/the Palestinian Territories....is highly disturbing. International law concerning land rights...lies heavily in favor of the Palestinians concerning Jewish settlements in the West Bank etc. When other nations refuse to comply with these U.N. resolutions...we threaten trade sanctions/war. Yet we reward Israel with foreign aid/armaments for their obstinance. The U.N. is one of the largest non-profit/charitable PEACEMAKING organizations on earth. 116 of the 193 member nations in the U.N....have voting populations which are over 50% Christian. Jesus said "blessed are the peacemakers"...I guess many on the far-right in the American and Israeli governments....who claim to be Christians....don't agree with Jesus on this point. They seem to favor the phrase "blessed are the hundreds of billions we spend on jet-fighters, tanks, drones, bombs, guns, prisons, nuclear warheads and barbed-wire clad border walls.". This military armaments are becoming the IDOLS of Israel. (there is now a 420 mile long cement/barbed wire border-wall between Israel and the Palestinian Territory of the West Bank).

So how is that arafat not signing working out for the "palestinians"?

If Mohacadamians only loved their children as much as they hate Israelis'“Palestinians teach their children to hate us and we teach love thy neighbor”Tzipi Livni

TO KEEP AMERICA IN A PERPETUAL STATE OF FRUITLESS, US-TAXPAYER-MONEY-WASTING WAR WITH THE MUSLIM WORLD - is the agenda of the JEW LOBBY CONTROLLING WASHINGTON. Only by convincing the American public that "muslims are the satanic, subhuman enemy always bent on destruction of America" - is the Jew lobby able to PERPETUATE THE LIE that "Israel is our friend and ally" - which enables the Jews to SUCK OUT 4 BILLION US TAXPAYER DOLLARS EACH AND EVERY YEAR in "aid to Israel".

ALL ISRAELIS, *GET OFF U.S. BOARDS*.  You lying trash are NOT welcome.

Antisemitism is a disease...You catch it from jews like Anna and Pook.

Now the IMP has brought in the 13 yr old J00ish boy Alahahahahaha to try to divert attention away from the thread of truth triumphing here.Fuuuuunny..-S/T

It was Choszen enough for Zionist Israel

Timothy, understand the historical perspective.  Lies, distortions, omissions of facts, distractions, propaganda.  ALL are the tools of the jew.  Been that way ever since they got together and decided on a life of crime.

The Arabs have defeated Israel in EVERY war they have fought.  If you don't believe me, just ask an Arab.Israel and America's refusal to comply with...and blocking of....repeated U.N. peace resolutions/peace diplomacy over the years concerning Israel/the Palestininan Territories....is highly disturbing. International law concerning land rights...lies heavily in favor of the Palestinians concerning Jewish settlements in the West Bank etc. When other nations refuse to comply with these U.N. resolutions...we threaten trade sanctions/war. Yet we reward Israel with foreign aid/armaments for their obstinance. The U.N. is one of the largest non-profit/charitable PEACEMAKING organizations on earth. 116 of the 193 member nations in the U.N....have voting populations which are over 50% Christian. Jesus said "blessed are the peacemakers"...I guess many on the far-right in the American and Israeli governments....who claim to be Christians....don't agree with Jesus on this point. They seem to favor the phrase "blessed are the hundreds of billions we spend on jet-fighters, tanks, drones, nuclear warheads and barbed-wire clad border walls.". Military armaments/defense spending are now becoming the IDOLS worshipped by Israel/America and various other nations worldwide. The U.S. now spends $700 BILLION dollars per year on defense. (there is now also a 420 mile long cement/barbed wire border-wall between Israel and the Palestinian Territory of the West Bank).

Another war thumping fanatic.  Former "commando".  Seems like every stinking jewish politician is a former "commando".  One might think that in the IDF, there are no "regular" troops.  That they are all special ops troops and nothing else.  Just watch out for heat stroke when things get too hot.

Yeah, the Holocaust never happened just another propaganda ploy of the U.S. and Israel to make the world feel sorry for the Jews, Ha Ha for those of you that think I'm not kidding.

....ya know if Obama asked Netanyahu to send soldiers to help fight in a US/N.Korean War Netanyahu would say: "Sorry USA, israeli's only die in israeli conficts!"....you on your own again USA...Obama should reply "WRONG ANSWER!".."NO MORE AID 4U"...

Diamond is trying to link Israel to Sunny terrorists.That is mega silly.Israel will defend herself against one and all. Successfully.This guy is demented with his stupid conspiracies.

Mark Diamond, google :"Muslim Leader Admits Islam Not a Religion of Peace" (6 mins)

Yaalon aka the butcher and baby killer of Gaza !!   900 women and children killed by his orders !!

Yaalon is another step back from peace.  Pres. Obama needs to take Israel to the shed for their perpetual misrepresentations of the US as Israel's ally.

Americans owe nothing to Israel.  Israel owes us everything.  Without the American host, israel would be just like the French ambassador stated: " Just another shytty little country."

Ben has balls...I wish our Pres did...Logistically Israel is incapable of attacking Iran with conventional arms without violating another countries boundaries. They won't dare use nukes since countries like, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, India, Afghanistan, China, Turkey, Russia and the rest of the neighboring countries would be prone to the nuclear fall out. Although it may be good if the did use nukes since it would probably provoke a retaliatory strike from those neighbors and we could be rid of Israel for good.

I hope he can expand the giant concrete wall - that thing has worked wonders for security.

T@LMUDIC Noahide Laws Congress Passed In 1991 in honor of the Racist Anti-Gentile New testament burning Bolshevik Supremacist RabbiSearch- Congress passed T@LMUDIC Noahide laws 1991For anyone who is not aware of these anti-Christian and anti-America laws on our books to honor a Racist Supremacist Rabbi.Menachem Schneerson got standing ovations from the US Congress"The wives and daughters of Gentiles are [prostitutes]."- Menachem Schneerson, the Lubavitch RebbeSearch-Menachem Schneerson Lubavitch Rabbi Racist Supremacist Qoutes.Look at a bunch of sources not just wiki

"Partner for peace.."   Yeah.  Got a nice 'ring' to it, doesn't it?  Just another shill job for Israel.

Everyone in Israel is a "former elite top special forces commando counter-terrorist commander general" BARFFF! The only thing they're experts at is hand to gland combat.

BBheeb would be doing well to listen to anything Obama says.

This Diamond cretin is arguing that since there is one stupid Jew ( Adam Gadahn) who is a convert to this cesspool of a cult and joined Al Qaida, Jews and Israel are Al Qaida.Imbecilic Shia garbage.

A new study by Al-Azhar University in Cairo concludes that if there was a country called Chla, then 93% of Egyptians (and 98% of Yahoo posters) would believe that the Zionists control Chla media.

Do you know what it's like to be a Muslim in today's world? To be despised for what you are not and never can be? To listen to people hurling abuses on a person (Prophet (pbuh)) who was ever most compassionate, who was sent as a mercy to the universe? A person who chose to live in poverty like Jesus (pbuh) rather than live like pompous popes of today?Do you know what it’s like to know that millions of people were killed in Iraq for nonexistent WMDs or to see the genocide of Palestinians... the utter heart break the futility of the war and the SILENCE of the people? Why is that? aren't they humans or are they less of humans 'cause they are Muslims?Why is that people with uniforms can kill thousands of innocent people without being called terrorists? and people without uniform are called terrorists?What is 'Islamist militants'??? When Jihad in Islam is only permitted against injustice and persecution?I am sick of American double standards and media's disinformation, half-truths and lies...

Pal..you numnuts...Israel would never nuke the palis, if for no other reason then nuking the palis would be committing suicide.  Ever hear of radiation?AS OF 1997, ISRAELI AID...IMAGINE WHAT IS IT RIGHT NOW...Benefits to Israel of U.S. AidSince 1949 (As of November 1, 1997)Foreign Aid Grants and Loans$74,157,600,000Other U.S. Aid (12.2% of Foreign Aid)$9,047,227,200Interest to Israel from Advanced Payments$1,650,000,000Grand Total$84,854,827,200Total Benefits per Israeli$14,630Cost to U.S. Taxpayers of U.S.Aid to IsraelGrand Total$84,854,827,200Interest Costs Borne by U.S.$49,936,680,000Total Cost to U.S. Taxpayers$134,791,507,200Total Taxpayer Cost per Israeli$23,240

Did you guys read the article about the whining Saudi prince that broke down in tears and begged Forbes magazine to improve his standing among the list of  billionaires of the world?Very funny.

What is Obama getting into? Mr. President... Don't GO there!!!What on earth will they do 72 hrs before or 72 hrs after you leave?Take some old, retired, CIA guys with you. DON'T GO!

Palestinains are foreign invaders and sadistic perverted killers, plain and simple. They should all be all kicked out of the West bank adn GAza. A tthe very minimum, they should be removed from every area clsoe to Israel that is easy to attack from.

Englland: Criminal Justice Act, which gives courts in England and Wales universal jurisdiction in war crimes cases. They had issued arrest warrents for Israeli war criminals.  We need laws like that here in America.  America should not be a safe haven for war criminals.

A new study shows that if there was a country called Chla, then 83% of Yahoo posters would claim that the Zionists control Chla media.

Israel is the biggest threat to the Middle East and the World peace... When will its Nukes/WMDs be confiscated???

US taxpayer direct investment in Israel:............$150 BillionReturn on investment:.....................................$ -7 TrillionYes, let's have another war for Israel..-S/T

title of the story should be : Israeli premier names new Ofense minister

With all the muslim lovers posting - I guess the UN sent the welfare checks out this week.Some people have the delusion that calling someone a "Jew" (preceded by some adjective pertaining to odor, lack of intelligence, or the like) is an insult.  Just saying...

by reading the comments here by these israeli firsts its easy to see why these ppl have been run off from every country in the world, lovely people indeed

We Americans have never needed any ally in the Mideast at all.  And certainly we never had any enemies there before the criminal state of Israel came about.  Why don't all you jew freaks live there instead of here, anyway?  Not one of you jew freaks have ever said why.  "just saying.."

Since the US military draft ended in '72, the loneliest job in the US military is rabbi.

"Mark Diamond  •  3 mins 10 secs ago Report AbuseIsrael will illegally bomb the Syrians fighting the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists .."What are you, a comedian? Israel is not participating in that mess. It is all mohammedans.

We'll see how tough the big strong men of the idf become when Iran has the bomb. That will change their terrorist attitudes straight away. Maybe my taxes will come down a bit as well.

Sharmootas: can you say OWNED?

Let's not forget it's the Palestinian Arabs who don't want peace, because peace means they will have to accept the reality that Israel does not exist on Arab land and that they have no claim against Israel.  As long as the Arabs continue to pretend that Israel is part of their nation, they will refuse to enter into meaningful negotiations with Israel.

THIS JUST IN:  CNN is reporting that Netanyahu has read the negative reactions on Yahoo comments and announced he'll be selecting a different defense minister who is more palatable to Yahoo readers.

Greed, greed, lies, lies backed up by murder  and the steeling of land, plus billions of free Americans tax dollars, what does Netanyahu care about making peace? he's aware that  every one is frighten to do what's rightNotice to Zionists: The Lord God Almighty up in Heaven has just approved an addendum to the Holy Bible, explaining that it is kosher to deep fry in hog grease the following items: Thin slices of Muslims, or chunks of Muslims who self explore. No problem.

"Bloody Wall  •  2 mins 34 secs ago Report AbuseToday you like Muslims? What happened your boss tell you tone it down?"I never had any problems with sane Muslims. Mad, hateful mohammedans ... another story.

Israel is weak and puny.They are too cowardly to start a war with Iran.They only beat up on their smaller weaker neighbors.

The "Cretin Crew" is changing IDs but not substance and style.Rehashed imbecility.;-)

Moshe Yaalon is a good responsible man and a great choice as Defense Minister. Iran, Plais and other trouble makers make notice.

A Muslim "people" never lived in Israel. The Jews lived there for 5000 years. The criminal fascist murdering organization called Islam was created 1400 years ago and their whole lives were and are spent invading, attacking, stealing, and killing. In the 19th century, ISrael was an empty land and a desert. No one wanted to live there. Only a very small number of people from different religions lived in the desert that was Israel, expecting the return of the rest of the Jews. And they came home from an abusive war torn planet to an empty land, their homeland.. The so called "Palestinians" came there in the 20th century to kill, invade, and steal land. . And they were defeated. But they keep trying kill and steal the land. They have no business there. Muslims are the occupiers. Even so, they were offered their own state many many many times, and they responded every single time with death and destruction. Muslims are the most evil thing on this planet. They lie with very breath. They kill with every action. They have no intention of living in peace,. They only want to kill and steal. Anything Israel does is to defend itself from this horror or contain it. Containing them is doing them a favor, because, really, the murdering Muslims should be all removed from Israel.

CNN is reporting that Netanyahu has read the negative reactions on Yahoo comments and, in response, has just announced he'll be selecting a different defense minister who is more acceptable to Yahoo readers.

....Who cares it aint the US...Let the jews and mussies fight....

HOW THE ISRAELIS BLACKMAILED US INTO UNCONDITIONAL SUPPORT OF THEM and their RECKLESS behavior: ""In the 1973 Yom Kippur War, Arab forces were overwhelming Israeli forces and Prime Minister Golda Meir authorized a nuclear alert and ordered 13 atomic bombs be readied for use by missiles and aircraft. The Israeli Ambassador warned President Nixon of “very serious conclusions" if the United States did not airlift supplies. Nixon complied. This is seen by some commentators on the subject as the first threat of the use of the Samson Option."

Palsow,What's shaking Jihadist?Here's another reason Why Israel never attacks Sunni Al-CIAda terroristsGoogle ”Terrorists with Western links a growing threat”

Apocryphal versions of history show that Arab armies always defeat the Israeli army.

Whose the offense minister?

TOP TEN THINGS THAT ISRAEL SHOULD DO:10.  Blow the c(r)ap out of Iran.9.    Turn the Gaza strip into a parking lot.8.    Toast all the Muslim terrorists.7.    Send a couple of missiles into Mecca's mosque.6.    Throw all Palestinians out of Israel.5.    Tell Obama to pound salt.4.    Order the Israeli Massad to shoot Ahmadinejad. and his slimy cohorts.3.    Launch a full attack on terrorists targets.2.    Tell the UN to go and suck eggs.1.    Tell Obama to go and pound salt...again

Great just what that country needs is another reactionary in charge! Say, when is Barak going to face the Hague for the war crimes charges?

It's too bad that Yahoo, an American company, lets Europeans and other non-Americans spew anti-semitism all over these articles. America and Israel share a commitment to representative government and free societies. That drives authoritarian countries, like most of the Middle East, nuts.

Good, this guy is so full of himself he will probably tell Russia to sit down and shut up or they will get another Chernobyl, thus confirming that they caused Chernobyl with Stuxnet.Russia will respond with the "Father of All Bombs" over Tel Aviv, ridding the world of the murderers, liars, thieves, ghouls, and child molesters the Israeli nation has become.

All of you stinking jews want America to provide endless welfare to your Israel, yet not a single one of you stinking jews cares to live there and become Israelis.  Is it out of guilt that you jew freaks want us non gews to do the US taxpayer welfare to the world's biggest welfare queen in human history.

Israel Iz A MONSTER  !!  And I'm A Jew  !!

WHAT REALLY CREATED THE ECONOMIC CRISIS....The Fed kept interest rates LOW to prop up the economy so taxes would keep flowing to pay for 2 WARS. We almost WENT UNDER, because Israel wanted us to attack Iraq, created Bin Laden by occupying Palestine, AND CAUSED 9/11. 'UCK ISRAEL.ISRAEL CAUSED 9/11.  2 of the 3 points in Bin Laden's fatwa against the U.S. concerned Isreal.

The whole planet hates Israel. The end is coming soon for them, less than 10 years.When the global economic and monetary collapse comes, the US won't be able to support Israel anymore. The jews will see the handwriting on the wall and will pack up and leave rather than face holocaust II.

THIS IS WHAT ISLAM IS.................. I saw a muslim man in white pajamas and weird beanie hat walking down the street with four pajama wearing kids in tow, screaming at them and slapping them, and a scared to death woman wearing tons of nonsense bringing up the rear. This man was seriously hateful, evil, and glowered menacingly at every non muslim he looked at with unmistakable murder in his eyes. This man goes home every night and screams about how no other religion, country, group, or people should exist and how they all must be killed; and how in the meantime, they should work against them in every way, disrupting their lives and causing severe pain. ................THIS IS WHAT ISLAM IS.

Israeli Defense Misnister will hold America's coat while the US fight the Iranian war for them.

The majority of these post are against the Jews,Jesus was a Jew, I am assuming that these post are from Muslims

"Benjamin Netanyahu appointed on Sunday a hard-line former military chief as the country's new defense minister." - AND THE US TAXPAYER WILL FINANCE ANY WAR THAT ISRAEL WANTS US TO FIGHT FOR THEM - and USA WILL ALSO PROVIDE THE LIVES OF IT'S SONS TO DIE IN WARS WITH ENEMIES THAT ISRAEL CREATES.

Intelligent humans know that zionist Isreal is a cancer in the world, so let's move on. . .How have the Banksters, like the Rothschilds now operating out of zionist Israel, attempted to control the US government since the 1700's?  An answer can be found in the video,** The Secret of Oz (2009) ** on You Tubeor at - filmsforaction -Worth watching!

israhell is a failed state. It's an apartheid state filled with liars, thieves, murderers, and still believes in slavery as it is ok in their own evil religious belief. In fact, young women from abroad are still kidnapped today to be brought to Israhell to be SOLD.  Israel a Human Trafficking Haven!  Just look it up as this is no lie.And we give those pricks billions annually to support their crimes??? This needs to stop!

Don't you all know that the Jews are the only religious extremists allowed to have nukes?  Hashem said so.  Now be a good bunch of goyim and keep the money and free weapons coming.

Israel must take immediate and harsh actions or they will be subjected to attacks from Iran and others with similar views on rights of the Jews.Using DNA evidence recovered from Amelia Earhart's shoe, Iranian nuclear scientists have concluded that the attack on Peal Harbor was a Mossad false flag.

JEWS HAVE OVER 400 NUKES - ENOUGH TO HOLD HOSTAGE THE REST OF THE WORLD TO TOLERATE THEIR RECKLESS BEHAVIOUR (land-grabbing) AND DO THEIR BIDDING (impose sanctions on THEIR enemies) - or else they unleash nuclear winter by using their nukes, they also have ICBMs (Jericho rockets), BIOLOGICAL WEAPON PROGRAMS (that lovely *Anthrax* thingy), and CHEMICAL WEAPON PROGRAMS (Remember Chemical Ali?) - the same thing we ravaged Iraq for. ANY DEFENSE ANALYST WILL CONFIRM. The Jews are doing EVERYTHING the NAZls did or were trying to achieve in regards to WMDs - the only difference being: THE NAZls DIDN'T EXPECT SYMPATHY AND SUPPORT for their behaviour and ambitions.

RickSick,Have you learned to count to three yet loser?  1..2..3  I will be back later to check LOSER.

Beware to those who enter this spot!   Many lunatics post here who have escaped from the asylum.

Sadam used chemical weapons on:--------- Iranians---------- Kurds------------ Marsh Arabs in the South. FACT

ISRAEL PAYS BACK *NOTHING*, NADA, ZIP.  Israel is a war mongering leech, who pushes our politicians to go to war for Israel's interest.

Luke is making an interesting point about the hate they dish out here. They truly do.As far as a hand, I and others responded warmly to Jabsluna when she showed some common sense, Coexist..remember him , sometimes I agree with since he is trying from time to time to be objective...

The nasty Muslims are the invaders and aggressors. They always have been. They follow that stupid demon religion that tells them to be perverted killers and thieves. There never was a "'Palestinian" people in Israel. They all came there from Egypt, Jordan, Syria, etc to skill and seize land starting in the 20th century.. They were defeated, but they keep coming and killing funded and directed by IRAN and their mass murdering fascist dictator Khamenei. The muslims are all so weak and stupid, they need someone small to pick on, to pretend they are really men. But we all know Muslims are a bunch of backstabbing, lying, chattering women, killing and attacking tiny countries like Israel to try and prove their worth. That is why they are there. And of course, for the plunder.

ISRAEL - THE NUMBER ONE SHAMELESS FREELOADER - 8.5 MILLION US$ EVERY DAY! "Since the October War in 1973, Washington has provided Israel with a level of support dwarfing the amounts provided to any other state. It has been the largest annual recipient of direct U.S. economic and military assistance since 1976 and the largest total recipient since World War ll. Total direct U.S. aid to Israel amounts to well over $140 billion in 2003 dollars. Israel receives about $3 billion in direct foreign assistance each year, which is roughly one-fifth of America's entire foreign aid budget. In per capita terms, the United States gives each Israeli a direct subsidy worth about $500 per year. This largesse is especially striking when one realizes that Israel is now a wealthy industrial state with a per capita income roughly equal to South Korea or Spain.”

Excellent choice of Moshe Yaalon as the incoming defense minister.FINAL WORD:  ISRAEL NEEDS TO SHUT THE HELL UP, then either let the Palestinians have a state in the West Bank or accept them as CITIZENS. Until Israel changes, the clock is only ticking. tick tock tick tock tick tock tock..............mushroom cloud over Tel Aviv.

ISRAEL IS *EVIL*.  They lie steal and kill, and blackmail our politicians to support it.  Jewish media threatens a "controversy" if a politician does not bend to Israel's will.

A Priest, Rabbi, and Muslim Imam walked into a bar. The Priest said, "God bless you all!" The Rabbi said, "Good health to you all!" The Imam said "Kill you all!."

The so called Palestinians (a phony made up name from the 20th century) invaded Israel from nearby countries in the 20th century. They have no rights to any land. And they keep invading and killing. They have to be attacked back, pushed back, cut off, and held in check  to stop their continual bloodletting. They never have had any intention of making peace. They pretend to hold talks for a media photo op, then just keep killing again, citing one trumped up phony excuse after another. Everything that is being done now there has been all caused by the Muslim invasions. Every incident, every death, every wall, every border, every restriction, every fence, every construction, everything. At this point they phony Palestinians are a bunch of hired murdering criminals, who should all be in jail or removed from the area...

77 MILLION IRANIANS AND THEIR KIDS WOULDN'T EVER WANT TO COMMIT SUICIDE JUST TO RID THE WORLD OF 7 MILL. JEWS. Those 77 million Iranians ARE ALSO HUMANS (as much as the Jew skum want you to believe otherwise), SHARE THE SAME DNA AS US, and THEY LOVE THEIR FAMILIES AND KIDS TOO, and wouldn't want to sacrifice their kids and families in any kind of war, ESPECIALLY NOT for the cause of wiping out the Jews, because EVERY PEOPLE/NATION LOVE THEMSELVES MORE THAN THEY LOVE AND VALUE OTHER NATIONS, so - to sacrifice themselves at a ratio of 11 Iranians for 1 Jew would be self-defeating.

Antisemitism is alive and well in the Democrat Party.

"Freddy K  •  1 min 27 secs ago Report AbusePook condones the use of white phosphorous on a civilian population"That is nonsense and a nonsensical shameless LIE. I simply made the coherent point that the Israelis never used WP on civilians.

Summer's coming...

I would like to know why here on Yahoo you can't call a nazi a nazi? It usually gets edited. Yet they allow so many to lie, hate, and spred fear without being censored. They also allow others to manipulate the Thumbs up/down to self censor the discussion.

The only reason I back Israel is because it drives the muslims crazy to have Jews near them."Freddy K  •  1 min 10 secs ago Report Abuseisrael uses illegal chem weapons on civilians, research white phosphorous + israel"Yeah , do that and find out the truth. Israel never used WP as a weapon FACT.

The jews have been threatening for DECADES to attack Iran.What are they waiting for?They are to puny and weak to start a war.

America should be ashamed of itself for not rescuing the innocent PalestiniansInstead openly supporting the cursed Israelis and their Terrorism

What is so special about Israel and Israelis that there even a special word for its cause... "Zionism". I think it's wrong to have such a special country/race with such special support as Zionism. Israel and its people are nothing more special than the rest of the 193 nations and other 6 billion people on this planet. The more Israel tries to stand out from the rest of other nations, the more ridiculous it is for other nations to support it.

Everyman....you arabs are not real Americans. You are fake Americans, you sand monkey POS.

I see Bibi is stacking the deck to get his war going.  We really need to cut all aid and support to Israel off. Israel is the cause of most of our problems and will most likely be the cause of the failure of the US and the American way.  Just look at the toll on our civil liberties and freedom supporting this bunch of Zionist fascist has caused.  If it was not for our blind support of these genocidal hatemongers we would never have had terrorist incidents on US soil, US agencies spying on fellow Americans, secret military tribunals or the creation of the DHS.  The support of Israel is driving us down the path of national failure, time to cut them loose, shake them off and let them do it alone.

Hehehehe.. It seems that Israel's enemies are afraid of "Bogie" Ayalon... The arabs are now in trouble... I almost feel sorry for them. Prepare yourself Nasrallah.. Bogie is coming for you... he is going to flush you out of your rat hole in beirut and shopw you gangnam Camel style.... ROFLOL

The U.S./Israeli military budget is too large and needs to be downsized....not increased by $2 trillion dollars.....as some in the last U.S. election cycle were suggesting. The cause of most wars/civil-strife abroad is lack of food, water, land, resources, education, opportunity, civil/human rights, democracy etc.....this lack of the basics needed to live pushes people towards religious/political extremism to try get what they need by force. The solution is downsizing the military and using that money for international development/investment/democracy education/no-interest business-loans/grants etc.....this will bring peace through peaceful means....not through force....peace by force is not really peace..but just holding a gun to someone's head to make them cooperate. Diverting massive amounts of money into military hardware takes it out of the hands of those who need it most....and freezes the money up in the form of idle tanks, bombs and jet planes etc.....and almost guarantees further future warfare. Extreme military spending is like a prophecy for warfare.....as large segments of national populations fall into neglect/want and are pushed into extremism.....whether it be political extremism or religious extremism.

No we hate Zionists and thieves and their friends

He is secretary of the Navy, I thought you may mean him because I have no idea how he got the position.Terrorist operations were first introduced in Palestine by the Jewish underground to demoralise the British Army. These operations were carried out by the same Jewish elements trained by the British Army in North Africa as an adjunct to their WWII effort against the #$%$. By 1939 this Jewish auxiliary force numbered 20,000 strong.

In a letter that David Ben-Gurion sent to the commanders of the Haganah brigades he stated, 'the cleansing of Palestine remained the prime objective of Plan Dalet.'[40]

When dealing with fanatical Arab terrorists, suicide bombers, Hamas and Hezbollah, you better have a tough military commander on the other side.

That figures.

a hard-line former military chief,seems a perfect fit for Israeli security as defense minister.

“Tell me, do the evil men of this world have a bad time? They hunt and catch whatever they feel like eating. They don’t suffer from indigestion and are not punished by Heaven. I want Israel to join that club. Maybe the world will then at last begin to fear us instead of feeling sorry. Maybe they will start to tremble, to fear our madness instead of admiring our nobility. Let them tremble; let them call us a mad state. Let them understand that we are a savage country, dangerous to our surroundings, not normal, that we might go wild, that we might start World War Three just like that, or that we might one day go crazy and burn all the oil fields in the Middle East. Personally, I don’t want to be any better than Harry Truman who snuffed out half a million Japanese with two fine bombs.” Ariel Sharon

“Since the October War in 1973, Washington has provided Israel with a level of support dwarfing the amounts provided to any other state. It has been the largest annual recipient of direct U.S. economic and military assistance since 1976 and the largest total recipient since World War ll. Total direct U.S. aid to Israel amounts to well over $140 billion in 2003 dollars. Israel receives about $3 billion in direct foreign assistance each year, which is roughly one-fifth of America’s entire foreign aid budget. In per capita terms, the United States gives each Israeli a direct subsidy worth about $500 per year. This largesse is especially striking when one realizes that Israel is now a wealthy industrial state with a per capita income roughly equal to South Korea or Spain.”- John J. Mearsheimer and Stephen M. Walt“The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy”

A wise choice. Isreal has to deal with Iran as the US or Russia or China  will do nothing. Iran will use the bomb. You think Hitler would not have used it if he had it. These clerics are as crazy as Hitler was. They, just like Hitler, want to exterminate the jews.

AMERICA ROCKS!...GO AMERICA...... Bless the USA...AMERICA FIRST!

Hi Wildman, a beautiful morning in California, the land of the free to be silly but free nevertheless, in the beautiful US of A.Let's bob for cretins ! ........;-)God the Almighty, Omnipotent.  Choose your leaders wisely.

You are Lying Pal, that is all you know how to do.  At what age did they begin teaching you to lie?

Honest Americans understand that it is high time the US evacuated all of its settlements in Texas and gave Texas back to Mexico.

It will probably take a strong military man to build out the West Bank with settlements.

II see Rick Chased the Jewish GoBBLER Pook away..Another Cyber victory over the ASKENAZIONIST TROLL!

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

Sounds like the whole government is hard line.   What's the news here?

The U.S.S Liberty, the Levon affair, 9-11 with the dancing Israelis aka Mossad agents, Beirut Marine barracks, October 23,1983 the bomb used was the same that Israelis used during that time.  NEVER FORGET!Who is the real enemy?

Israel with nukes is looking like something we need to deal with. A war criminal for defense minister. Another War criminal Tzipi Livni for Ministry of Foreign Affairs.  We need to get Nukes out of Israel. These people cannot tell right from wrong.  These kind of people have no business having any impact on the Use of nuclear weapons.

Mark Diamond  •  15 secs ago Report AbuseIsrael has never helped US against the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, even allows them to operate in the Golan heights..."--------- That is a flat out LIE. This guy is a LIAR.Pal is lying, but that is what trash does, wallows in pig mud and spews what it;s snout sucked up.

For these imbeciles to show indignation about Ishy using the word "baboon" referring to them after the debased insults they hurled at her the other day is comical.Especially since the "baboon" characterization fits.

Nice to see so much rampant anti-semitism on this board today... 90% of it from Democrats. Then again, they are the party of slavery, the Klan, segregation, Jim Crow, and now Uncle Sam's Plantation - creating a permanent underclass of minorities addicted to government handouts.

That was his mama, he ran away before she could martyr him.

You Israel Firsters, will see one day, the agenda and will say, I BACKED THAT?

Legends indeed , Ishy ... cretins will come for far and wide to worship at our front lawns.Don't let them fertilize it though, you know they have urinary and defecation fixations...

The majority of zionists in the US are not Jewish. . . they are atheists, like Pook, or deluded christian zionists.

do a search on " Yaalon war crimes"  Israel having a war criminal for a defense minister. Our realtions with Israel has got to change to one that gets Israeli nukes out of the mid east.  This Yallon is nt fit to have any impact on th use of nukes.

All of the buses in Saudi Arabia are segregated.What do I think of them..... Disgusting.I hope the Israelis will tell the beards to go feuk themselves too. That is what I think.

But talking about Luke's concept of the extended hand, YW is a devoted Muslima, she stands up for her religion and people but she is sane , funny and civilized.I respect her and enjoy her comments. Disagreement is normal. Vile slander and shameless lies will be slammed.I like how the cretins are displaying their impotence here, asking and fantasizing about steps that will never ever be taken.Israelis shine. All of them. Jews, Christians, Muslims.

I still think all the foreign AID going to the terrorist run Arab countries should be cut off and used to put a bounty on the Jihadist.  It would save us a bundle if you think about it.  Cheaper than drones.

Buddy, and the stinking juzz deny there is now nor has there ever been any thing like a "jewish conspiracy".  LOL.  Nah.

The larger the red number, the bigger the indication you have touched a nerve.

ISRAEL CAUSED 9/11.  Bin Laden's fatwa against us lists Israel as the reason.

Stateless losers whining about the state of Israel: Music !!!!!

It really pysses off the Arabs that the US supports Israel.

Every, you do not spell Keep with a (J).  You are no American.

"cacophony"It's a word that's been around forever, but I just started hearing and reading it as of late.George Knapp uses it in his periodic introductions to his radio show.It's a good descriptor of what comes out when a li'l coward zio opens his mouth..-S/T

A 2 state deal will never rest well in israel.  A 1 state deal would make the Jews a minority in 20 years or so.  israel is a failed state, a welfare state, a beggar state, a braggar state...  Who will take in the Jewish refugees this time???  Iran?Snell, Snail, Schnell, who gives a chit, it will not be the first time you see me spell a word wrong.  You will do the same yourself.  Now how about those 411's?

Pook is a "true masochist". . . .Every comment he posts says "slap me again, please, I'm easy".

No Mention of the Red Jewi$h Bol$hevik$ $ome e$timate$ $ay up to 50 million Chri$tian Bourgeoi$ died between the $laughter in Ru$$ia and the Ukraine $tarvation.$earch-- Red Jewish Bolsheviks$earch-- Judaism is CommunismLot$ of information on the $ubject it is ju$t anti-$emitic to tell the truth about Jew$$o you do not hear about it or get taught about it.Hitler wa$ Fighting Bol$hevi$m=Communi$m=Marxi$m which all morphed after the Holocau$t under the cover of Zioni$m.The$e $ame group$ where in the U.S. financing (Jew Bank$ters$the Red Jewi$h Bol$hevik$ and when Hitler was defeated they $tarted to work on America. Its all about world domination through finance$ and politic$Hence our i$$ue$ today.

It's not a good idea to turn your nation into an enormous church, synagogue or mosque...or an enormous oil selling corporation etc.......devoid of democratic government principles.

Pooks facts, truths, and subterfuge go together like Feces, Feathers, and toothpaste.in the end it is still a mixture of C*R*A*P* that wont hold weight or stick!

--  BO's propagandists are out in force, as well as a few Bush bashers.  Their theme is that Israel is to blame for everything and Iran is just a scapegoat.

A nation of war criminals that deals in collective punishment and pre empt strikes.  With nukes.  We need to start treating Israel like Iran. get it's nukes out.  Want a reason for a arms race.  Look at Israel.

to all the anti Israelies that are out of their holes...  UP YOURS.

Let's look at the facts. On one side you have Israel: a beautiful, thriving nation with commerce, agriculture, and culture. On the other you have the "Palestinians": a cesspool of blood, hate, anger and rage. Dependent on international money, strapping bombs to their children and sending them to blow up innocent Jews in the name of their god of death. And the majority of the trash on this string supports them.

Angry Puppy, are you and ISHraeli too?Angry Puppy, are you and ISHraeli too?

Pook's impotent whine is like music to my ears.Pay attention ziotrolls, this is your leader . . . the most prolific LIAR on Yahoo News comments.FACT

Moshe looks like he'll be joining Ariel soon.Cholesterol and cretins don't mix..-S/T

Why does the average isareli person seem so mean,  nasty and hateful?  I have recently met several in business in South Florida, IT guys, they suck first of  all but secondly, they are mean to my clients and theirs.  They are only nice to the Jewish business owners.  It is a game of "how mean can I be wihtout being called out" and if the woman  were to complain, they are fired..

Right now, the U.S. doesn't need another damn war if we can avoid it. Bring our soldiers home from Iran &amp; Afgan.. Neither country appreciates us and just wants our money and resources to build up their own defenses to use against us down the road. Either that or sterilize these two so-called nations. Israel can do this alone. They certainly do not need our help, but we can supply body bags if needed

The Jew-hating worms woke up and looking for filth to sink into.

these are the people that attacked the USS Liberty and attacked the Marine Barracks in Lebanon, with freinds like these America is Scr wed

Criticallythinking, with the entire north of Africa and the Mideast in flamesfrom Al Qaeda-inspired Islam, are you actually going to blame Israelfor the Arab Spring which you have made such a success in Egypt,Libya, Mali, etc.

Go to the popular now page Stop Hate if you want the truth from Americans unsilenced and censored by your bigoted Zio supremacist Juden Marxist.

Aid aid the US gives to Egypt is given because of Israel.If Israel wasn't there.  No aid would be given.That's the deal Carter worked out to "buy" peace almost 30 years ago.IOW, Israel is at the root of most of our problems in the M/E.Therefore, the solution is simple.  Pull the plug..-S/TAfter reading all of these posts, I have learned the error of my ways.  I am now pro Arab and have just quit my job as a paid pro Israel poster ($118 per comment).  I gotta go collect my last check.

Anna- Violence against ANYONE, regardless which faith you practice is wrong!

if there are any americans who favor iran over anything, they should be sent to Tehran to exercise their freedom of speech from there.

New "hardliner" today?  Oh, and welcome peacemaker and President of the U. S.!  Great start!

Whenever a story like the above comes out, just like turning on the lights in a darkened and infested room, out come the cockroaches..in this case all the Jew-hating nazi cockroaches like Gino, Drreeak, Get Back, etc. with their usual lies.  I won't bother refuting them because I know what these #$%$ are like-they are possessed of a deepseated hatred of Jews everywhere and no facts or truth will get in the way.  But Israel isn't going anywhere and it is not going to be exterminated and now after more than 2000 years Jews have the strength finally to protect themselves against their savage barbarous enemies.  I suggest to you filthy anti-semites to go to the Middle East and join your Islamic nazi Arab terrorist pals so that you too can get an Israeli bullet in the brain--and Gino, you can be the first one.

Here's something interesting.  Just look up "Jewish Man Exposes Israel's Lies" on you tube.  Even moderate Jews call Zionism enemies of the world.

Pook, "The "cretin crew" of merry jihadis are funny."No, Pook, What's "funny" is that Mosaad still pays an impotent LIAR like you to post on Yahoo.

When all US taxpayer welfare to Israel is added up it amounts to $16 billion per year.  That includes all grants, assistance, highway grants, communication grants, port developement, electric power, electric grid, etc, etc, etc,  $16 billion per year.  Or $35K per every stinking jew in Israel.

On the other hand, Assad is using cluster bombs on the civilians.FACT

Starting to realize it's only 2 or 3 antisemites on this string with multiple accounts on the same browser. Shouldn't you be strapping a bomb to your child and sending him to market? Or arranging a marriage with a pair of 5 year olds?I get 1-3 thumbs down before I can even click back to see my comments.  Do you Jews not get paid if you lose?

were gonna cut cut cut, all of your funds no more AID very soon

"Bloody Wall  •  12 mins ago Report AbuseI read that most of the pro israel posters GIRLS."I, on the other hand read that most of the mohammedan and nzi posters are IMBECILES.

"Pal-Inmemoriam Of Rachel ...  •  3 mins 26 secs ago Report Abusejew s like to rape 3y+1 day old babies"This one stays up for hours to post stuff like that.... cretin.

Pal ask me what I thought Israel should use their nukes if the whole world attacked them.  My reply was ......."I would, wouldn't you, who could blame them"........I stand by it.

According to religious Judaism, any non-Jew who adheres to these laws is regarded as a righteous gentile, and is assured of a place in the World to Come (Olam Haba), the final reward of the righteous. Adherents are often called "B'nei Noach" (Children of Noah) or "Noahides" and may often network in Jewish synagogues.  ISHY!

Diamond, are you insane?Israel is not interfering in Syria.Imagine the uproar and the bleating if they did!

The Palestinians hate themselves.Just look how they treat each other.

Things in common?... obozo chose a republican secretary of defense, Netanyahu chose a right wing Defense Minister... I'm jus sayin...

Do you guys want to know what this is about, all this Iran, Iraq, STUFF!Look up PETRODOLLAR WARFARE, you got a second right, it is not what you think, it isnt nukes or anti-semitism, it is OIL!America would be in a hurt if the currency of OIL went to something but the USD. and you know the politicians got rich selling us out to the corporations. You really think this is about Iran getting some nuke there is no proof of even planning other than a trigger diagram they havent visited for years? This may have some hate for an apartheid everyone rejects as an apartheid but itall about the currency used to buy oil.Israel just is another excuse to make sure we control it, or the administrations of decades would be busted for making our tax dollars go to other than the USA.They got nations and dictators rich on our taxes and you know it, I kow you do, It is so simlple and out there and I know you heard of it.Just look into it OK. I am not trying to benifit, I am trying to see the truth just like you!Is it really Muslims are terrorists or is it, OIL?You look and see for yourself.PETRODOLLAR WARFARENetanyahu in many ways....is like the abusive parent in the neighborhood, who when your talking to him, smacks his daughter upside the head...out of politeness you say nothing and try to continue the conversation...but your conscience urges you to rebuke him for abusing his kid. This is the dilemma of Barack Obama....and other past American presidents who have dealt with Israel/Israeli leaders concerning settlement building in Palestinian Territories/lands....lands granted to Palestinians by INTERNATIONAL LAW.

Jesus is our Messiah, our hopes our future.

"Pal-Inmemoriam Of Rachel ...  •  1 min 13 secs ago Report Abuseit is also made in china or Malaysia or Indonesia or Vietnam."It is not where it is made, you diek, it is who designed it and collects the license fees.

You are a Liar Palsow.

Israel is a Jewish state on Jewish land, the palestinians are only (unwanted ) guests there from jordan.

What IDF soldier did Yitsahk Rabin throw a rock at?

It is unbelievable how fixated are all these bigots to make sure that there will be not a single place in the world which the Jews could call their ancestral home.

David R = "0"

What if  BBheeb told all of you stinking jews to move to Israel or Israel will fail as a nation.  How many of you would remain here in America knowing that by doing so, Israel would cease to exist?  Just exacly how patriotic to Israel ARE you stinking jews?  I mean, its obvious you have no loyalty to America.

"Freddy K  •  12 mins ago Report Abusepsychotics have 4 nuclear capable dolphin submarines"And 2 ( two ) more on order. Israel could instantly incinerate all of the dar al Islam. Not that they wold ever want to.A March 2010 poll by Tel Aviv University found that 49.5% of Israeli Jewish high school students believe Israeli Arabs should not be entitled to the same rights as Jews in Israel. 56% believe Arabs should not be eligible to the Knesset, the Israeli parliament !

ISHY is IDFor IIDF or JIDF.  No AMERICAN mispells the simple wod SNAIL with SNELL.  ISHY is ISRAELI TRASH posing as an AMERICAN with that avatar.  It is obvious.  Carry on as if it were fact people  ISHY IS ISRAELI

.....another words.........screw peace with the Palestinians....!!.....more aggressive Israeli settler expansions...which means screw the US too...and what they want!!.....SO, basically it's saying to the world:  we, Israel, will do what we want, when we want it and how we want it...irrespective of what the world, or the US, for that matter thinks!!THAT is the message that Netanyahu, Bibi, is sending out to the world!!(If I was a US lawmaker.....I would say, OK, #$%$ Israel.....you want our, US, aid...then you have to play by the rules, or at least by the rules of int'l law and the rules of being a good, responsible citizen, state, of which Israel knows nothing about!PGNYC

Why can't we send the Palestinians to the North Pole and the Jews to the South Pole. There may not be peace between them ever but at least they are not in each others way. This will never work out. We are all just waiting for that bomb to explode. 2013 may be the year!

North Korea may be capable of war with us but they would not win it.  They would get creamed.

Hitler should have kept the furnace on a little longer.............

Israel is weak and puny.They are too cowardly to start a war with Iran.They only beat up on their smaller weaker neighbors.

ISRAEL IS THE ROOT CAUSE OF MIDEAST UNREST.  We installed an supported dictators to protect Israel.  WHY?  Why must we commit atrocities for Israel??  BECAUSE THEY CONTROL OUR POLITICIANS.  Jewish media controls ELECTIONS.

Jewish Americans have served in the United States armed forces dating back to before the colonial era, when Jews have served in militias of the Thirteen Colonies. Jewish military personnel have served in all branches of the armed forces and in every major armed conflict to which the United States has been involved.

WHAT, YOU ISRAELIS POSTING HAVE NOTHING TO SAY?  All you can do is thumb down my posts?  You people are PATHETIC.  Get off U.S. boards, you lying murder supporting TRASH.WHAT, YOU ISRAELIS POSTING HAVE NOTHING TO SAY?  All you can do is thumb down my posts?  You people are PATHETIC.  Get off U.S. boards, you lying murder supporting TRASH.

ISHY, what is a snell?  Last night ISHY (an israeli) used the term "snell" when referring to a SNAIL in a garden...  We all know that the word SNAIL is a familiar one in childrens stories and there is NO WAY an American would mispell that word to that degree.  ISHY = ISRAELI

The ziotrolls have N O T H I N G !Time to watch **The Secret of OZ (2009)** at -filmsforaction-or on You Tube

Well I'm happy to know he picked someone with balls, not like these Eunuchs we got in washington.

Ivan thinks that the Iranian people are free today under the boot of the mullahcracy ?

Delete our posts and we will just expose you again at every turn!  Again and again and again  and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again

THE ARGUMENT AGAINST ISRAEL'S COLONIAL AGENDA   (Why the world, the U.N., and Obama are right).  CONCLUSIONThere has been enough verbal chess and  sophism from Israel.  Their game is played with billions of human lives and the future of nations..Israel pleas kinship and agenda with western civilization.  Such a comparison is a lie, borderline insane, irrational, and given previous result, potentially dooms us to world war..Who will we support as Arab spring blossoms?  As complicit U.S. backed dictators are removed, hundreds of millions will soon seek justice for what they endured, and eyes will be placed squarely on Israel and the U.S..We have good reason to fear reprisal, and our Israel controlled media is already preparing the public mind to blame "Al-Quaeda" or "Islamists", not angry populations..Where will we stand?.We must stand with morality, with the values we cherish, and with the ideals of our  youth..We must impose freedom in Palestine, the heart of this conflict.  Israel must either accept ALL PEOPLE in the West Bank and Gaza as citizens, or relinquish its settlements to a new Palestinian state..This will cost us nothing, and free our nation and the world from Israel's aspiration and Apartheid, and a black future of ugly consequence..If we choose security and prosperity, we must obviously stop Israel.CRITICALLYTHINKING 5/22/2011

Ya'alon was born as Moshe Smilansky, so he is a Khazar fake jew

We do not have compulsory military service.  I have flat feet, NG for active duty...

NO DUAL CITIZENS IN OFFICE ishy.  Say it you impostor!"Robert  •  36 mins ago Report AbuseLOL, I didnt come to make friends like you, I came for the debate and politics"Is that what you call that garbage?

Well, I see li'l Pooky and his helpers had to call in the ziothumbers.The fire was just getting too hot for their ziobuns..-S/T

Ishy how does it feel to be the object of such interest if not adulation.

Come and see lover boy

The tagline "hard line" means one who will not compromise with those who launch rockets, commit shootings, stabbings or bombings in population centers.  Obama has been served with cold notice that this Israeli government will not be pushed around by a declining former superpower.

Leave it to Israelto have a war criminal for defense minister

This force, which was given the innocuous name of The Jewish Settlement Force, employed terrorist tactics against British troops inside Palestine supplemented by terrorist operations carried out by their underground brethren throwing bombs in bus stops, cafes and marketplaces. These bombs were hidden in milk cans, fruit baskets and similar daily objects. Parallel with these operations, terrorist innovations included the kidnapping of British officers, whipping them, hanging them and booby-trapping their hanging bodies which made shocking headlines back home in the UK.

Little changes within Israel, ever. Therefore hope continues to be muted in and out.

Ben Gurion stated many times that those jew freaks that fail to return to and live in Israel would create problems for the nations in which they remained.  Smart man that Ben Gurion.  Because, out of guilt, you jew freaks sure enjoy taking up for your little pss ant spot of land on the other side of the world that means zip to America.

Palestinians have no hope.TO UNDERSTAND WHY ISRAEL IS EVIL, read my "Argument Against Israel's Colonial Agenda", in 3 parts below.  I wrote it 2 years ago to summarize why I speak against Israel, AND WHY YOU SHOULD TOO!

They can run their government however they want, and can attack Iran if they feel it is necessary.  It's none of the United States' business.

I see the idiot Israel haters are out in force. Uninformed, ignorant, uneducated, lying, fact twisting, losers.

There are 22 Arab states, many of them declaring themselves strictly Islamic.There is 1 ( ONE)  Israel and it will forever be the state of the Jews.FACT

Hit them hard, real hard. Take everything they got on the first run, and do clean up on the second.

you want to be my love toy. I only have one requirement: At a minimum you must have the usual 3 god given cavities. A forth one is ok as long as it is your empty skull

I know that you didn't know what a DD214 was which is much more telling.  I was told 411 is street slang, I do not hang out with street gangs so why did you think I would know what a 411 was?

i stand by my good friend PALbecause he made a valid point regarding the hate from the zio postershate is no good and wishing entire people harm is  evil thoughts

Pesahim 111a (p. 571). It is forbidden for dogs, women or palm trees to pass between two men, nor may others walk between dogs, women or palm trees. Special dangers are involved if the women are menstruating or sitting at a crossroads.

"Jihad, an Islamic term, is a religious duty of Muslims. In Arabic, the word jihād translates as a noun meaning "struggle"TO KEEP AMERICA IN A PERPETUAL STATE OF FRUITLESS, US-TAXPAYER-MONEY-WASTING WAR WITH THE MUSLIM WORLD - is the agenda of the JEW LOBBY CONTROLLING WASHINGTON. Only by convincing the American public that "muslims are the satanic, subhuman enemy always bent on destruction of America" - is the Jew lobby able to PERPETUATE THE LIE that "Israel is our friend and ally" - which enables the Jews to SUCK OUT 3 BILLION US TAXPAYER DOLLARS EACH AND EVERY YEAR in "aid to Israel".

The narcissistic paid zionist trolls, especially those commenting from the US, must think they will be spared. . . that their zionist masters will somehow save them in the end.The zionists and Israel are "small potatoes" in the greater scheme of things in our world . . . . a MSM deception and diversion from reality; like Honey BooBoo or unreal "reality" TV.The elite have bigger things in the works . . .Watch ** "Why in the World are They Spraying?" Documentary HD (multiple language subtitles) ** on You Tube to see what the elite have planned for the planet.. . . and  ** The Secret of Oz (2009) also on You Tube or at - filmsforaction - to see how the Banksters, like the Rothschilds and Rockefellers control the United States.We shall see who wears the "tinfoil" hats.

1905 - New York Times, November 1st, 1905"From 1800 to 1902 he caused 6,000,000 Jewish families to be expelled from Russia ..."

Steelerman can only post 2 word comments . . . must be because he's watched too much football on TV without his helmet on.

ISHY, Mrs. American, what the heck is a SNELL?

God bless the Humanitarians that were Murdered in international waters on the Mavi Marmara AID ship

the chosen people have god to smite the enemy but nukes will do

Given the tumult and rise of radical Islam in the region and the outright hatred being perpetrated by the Palestinian Authority Netanyahu made a wise choice.

Israeli PATRIOTS put a hawk in charge of protecting the nest.  "American" hussein-the-traitor-obamy puts a dove like hagel in charge of our's ~

Google "Rachel Corrie 5th Grade Speech I'm here because I care" one of the most powerful videos out there. She was murdered years laterI see the anti-semetic left is awake.

Hope Iran is the "target" in the very near future.

The cretins have a "crew" .... and everyone pitches in some idiocy to keep the circus going.

"The administration has already used its discretion to minimize the cuts to Israel forced by sequestration to $155 million, nearly $100 less than the initial estimated cut. But even this reduced cut has alarmed pro-Israel supporters... thousands of AIPAC delegates made their way to Capitol Hill for lobbying meetings with their Senate and House representatives urging lawmakers to repeal the cut...Forward, Nathan Guttman – In an effort to save aid to Israel from mandatory, across-the-board cuts now being imposed on all discretionary federal programs, pro-Israel activists are opening the door on a dramatic course of action they have rejected repeatedly in the past.Members of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the largest pro-Israel lobby, are refusing to foreclose any option — including special legislation for Israel, if necessary — to keep aid to the country from being cut.

Must be a lot of goat humpers or goat humper lovers making comments here today.....

Israel has enough money and better weapons than our own military.  They can protect themselves without US help or intervention.

Freddy K, I have researched it and in my opinion it is the 900 lb Gorilla.  Israel is holdign the entire world hostage with the THREAT taht if they are in a war and start to lose, IF THE WORLD DOES NOT SAVE THEM AGAIN, they will launch on the EU and many other sites..  They will destroy the temple of humanity like Samson in the bible did the temple...

Freddy K must be practicing the trick the Egyptian mob taught the two riksha thieves.Did you see that article? It is sickening.

how many zio posters are hereraise your rear ends

Yo, Ladies ... YW really went the distance.Could she have jumped the shark?Just kidding...RIP Rachel and Jesus Christ loves your beautiful soul. Your killers will face justice soon. God Bless

Funny how all the self inflicted misery in far away places done by mohammedans against their own somehow becomes the responsibility of the tiny state of Israel in the mohammedan lore.You guys are silly.

There are more than 50 Muslim states in the world , some of them Islamic Republics.There is only 1 (one) Israel, the state of the Jews, tolerant of the minorities, democratic and civilized. One of the safest countries for Muslims as citizens. FACT

The Palestinian mohammedan does not call himself a Philistine.Someone probably explained to him how we regard the Philistines in the West....

Now ISHY says the "411'' is a gang term!  ISHY is such an ISHraeli JEW liar!  HAHAHAH!

mohammedans, let me help you bigots !--------------- ISRAEL LIVES ----------------

Why do arabs lie &amp; decieve?b/c arabs can't fight like real men. Look at hamass. They shot rockets at civilians but when the IDF attacked, the brave sodiers of hamass ripped off their uniforms &amp; hid in cities behind civilans. They and their arabs here began to cry like little girlies.Maybe that's y they beat up their wives; makes them think they are real men.

This is it.You mohammedans LIE day and night, I spend some time debunking all your lies and calling you LIARS. Because you are.

In izzzzlam, a women is considered lower than Christian dhimmis who are seen as monkeys

arab pal is still getting trounced.  With backers like arab pal, the Pro-Arab Propaganda Coalition will keep losingarabs regularly honor kill daughters who are raped.  How barbaric

How are those 411's means nothign in American English ISHY, you just keep shedding your skin for us, it is nice to see you exposed...  ISHRAELI is your new name!

arab pal was circumcised but the wrong part was thrown away.

what about circumcision of girls in muzzzzie countries.  How primitive

muzzzie boys get circumcized at 13.  No wonder they're angry

bye arab pal.  Your wife just came in

arab pal quotes texts 2,000 years old &amp; not applicable today.  arabs take 9 year olds for wives TODAY.

the author readily attaches the "hard line" to yaalon that is not based on the written facts but only it seems that the sibriquet is used only because mr. yaalon is in favor of a strong israeli defense and his experienced analyses of the threats. as usual aps article is slanted

mayday, not enough

Pal, I do not clone.That is your game.Lying  mohammedan.jamil is so original.  You praise me by copying my style.hahahaha

arab pal, how many syrians have been killed by fellow syrians?

Pal, you're destroying arab pal

Jews:1. kill children2. rape girls 3Y+1d3. destroy population centers4. hide behind Holocaust5. fire rockets from F15/16 into population centers6. exaggerate civilian deaths. Count dead hamass as civilians-after all they weren't wearing uniforms7. whine &amp; cry like girlies when they get few fire crackers from Hamas

arab pal says "The Torah is fake and full of heebs lies."  The Torah is part of our Christian Bible.  So arab pal insults Christianity.  Then again, so does the kookooran

A full force ZioNazee youth leader and former member, who wants to destroy the inhabitants for the Jewish Race, who has a bloodright to the dirt, in his mind.He wanted to wipe out all of Gaza during the Massacre which Israel started by killing 6 inside of Gaza, during a months long ceasefire with Hamas, to instigate retaliation, for an excuse to intitiate the Gaza Massacre. Ha was unafraid of the world seeing the war crimes of the "Cast Lead" operation and wanted to kill even more civilians by carring on with the assult. He lost his job over that and NOW, Netanyahu has resumed the zombie of Zionism to continue the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian inhabitants.Ya'alon (originally Moshe Smilansky) would only follow orders from the religious fanatic Netayahu as he rejected orders from a former Defense minister Shaul Mofaz, and I am sure he denies the orders of Jesus, to make peace and to not idolize dirt.

arab pal, your deception lacks imagination

arab pal, why do you want Christians to be dhimmis=subhuman?

arab pal, how can you follow a religion taht says teqiyyah=deception is good

muzzzzzies insult Christians who hold the Old Testament as a holy book. This book states that isshmael will be "like a wild #$%$"Along come the muzzzzzzzie and say that it was ishamael &amp; not Isaac who God commanded Abraham to sacrifice.So muzzzzzzies say our holy book is false.That's one more reason why, as a Christian, I hate muzzzzzzziesKnow what's really bothering the mouselems?allah has abandoned themwhy?they liethey killthey honor kill defenseless womenthey lie in the name of godthey perform sex acts with animalsthey even kill each other

According to the leftist media, anyone who believes in defending Israel is "Hard-Line".

Man... Israel's politics are almost mirrored that of the USA.. cronyism at it's finest.  It's always the same people serving in high end post.

pook i like clone people because jews cloned me

arab pal the deceiver is complaining that I deceivehahahahahaha

arabs:1. fire rockets into Israel2. rip off their uniforms3. run into population centers4. hide behind women &amp; children as they fire at Israelis5. fire rockets from population centers6. exaggerate civilian deaths. Count dead hamass as civilians-after all they weren't wearing uniforms7. whine &amp; cry like girlies when they get their butt kicked

How about this for a palestian anthemwe are from other arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our arabs brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and shoutLets kill the jews and take their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called palestine.

Q. What do Muslim men do during foreplay?A. Tickle the goat under the chin.

I never see the pro-arabists who post here also post on articles dealing with the 100,000 syrians killed by fellow arabs, or when a bomb is planted by sunnis blow up shiites (or visa versa), or the violence in egypt, or in libya, or the murder of Christians by mouselms in Nigeria.I guess that's why it's called the Pro-arab Propaganda Coalition

Raymond Ibrahim is wrote in the Middle East Forum: Mass Arrest and Torture of Christians in Libya by April, 2013•	Will Syria's Strife Rip Lebanon Apart?•by Hilal KhashanMiddle East QuarterlyWinter 2013, pp. 75-80 (view PDF)••••	The assassination of Lebanese security chief brigadier general Wissam Hassan on October 19 has rekindled fears of renewed confessional strife in Lebanon. The anti-Assad opposition quickly blamed the Syrian regime for eliminating one of its foremost Beirut opponents while enraged demonstrators took to the streets to demand the resignation of prime minister Najib Miqati.

dfreedy flunked college.  His professors said his sources were bogus.  So he got a job working for the arabs.

Q: A Pakistani, a Turk, and a Moroccan are riding through Germany - who's driving?A: A police officer

I check freddy's sources.  He lies.  What a shock

In a 2002 interview with Israeli paper Haaretz, when he was Chief of Staff of the Israeli army, Ya’alon said the “Palestinian threat” was “like cancer” and an “existential threat.” He explained that his solution was “applying chemotherapy.”

My Teqiyyah Manual says that I should take a fact &amp; just deny it saying it's a lie.  When that doesn't work, just insult.Good work Pal

Pal, don't get into the Jesus thing.  Some jevv will quote from Sura which berated Christians &amp; immaculate conception which will make us look bad

1911 - New York Times, October 31st, 1911"The 6,000,000 Jews of Russia are singled out for systematic oppression and for persecution due to process of law."

I hope Christian NATO keeps sending troops to die in the middle east.  We can blame it on the jevvs

VIVA PALESTNIAVIVA PALESTNIA

If the only way to save Israel was for every jew in America to move to Israel, they would watch as Israel expires and claim that the rest of the world is "anti semitic" and we hate jews.

Peled in one person with an opinion.You agree with him? Fine.I don't.And Israel will not be at all affected by opinions. FACT

I stand by Israel when they turn Tehran into a sheet of nuclear glass.

Ohhh, they go their thumb bregade out now, they want to erase the hostory of ISHraels exposure...  Save the POSTS!!!

Go to the barnabas fund website and read what the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists who we were told did 9/11 are doing to Israel's neighbors in Syria, the over 2.3 million Christians, and secular/moderate muslims, while Israel allows them to do this and even operate along its borders in the golan heights.  They even sanctioned the US blocking of the UN Resolution condemning the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist bombing in Damascus that murdered over 50 Syrian women &amp; children.

Its sad to se israeli firsters who lead this country.....they will take their pants and take one up their a.....s  for their masters(aipac)...AMERICA VAKE UP......our country(the greatest one in history of mankind)is dying  every day.......we should help our soldiers who sacrifice the most to protect us by giving the housing and scholarships,take care the wounded and give them allkinds benefits,our elderly and our kids....not even one cent should be sent to ISRAE the walfare state....

The end of the article states the following:   "... Yaalon will replace Defense Minister Ehud Barak, who is retiring."~~  Right on ISRAEL!!,... Get rid of every 'barak' you have!!!

is it me or do these jewish leaders all look evil?

All the POOK's ISHY's and the MAddogs and the whole confederacy of DUNCES are ISHraelis!  HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!  What a great day!I Love The Palestinians ,They are God's PeopleThey are facing enemies from the Underworld ,The beaststhe Hades and Lucifer FollowersThe Vampires and werewolves .May God Almighty Protect The Palestinians From These Heathens and FakesThe ayrabs Monkeys are as Bad as The ZiosDogsSalute PalestiniaVIVA PALESTINIA

WW3 will reach its peak within the next 6-12 months. Once Islamic fundamentalism is eradicated from the face of the earth, who will you liberals have left to support?

"sceptical about the chances for reaching peace with the Palestinians."lying jew - Gaza is a concentration camp and the West Bank is a series of pens with jew terrorists on every hill attacking the Palestinians in the penswhat new evil are the jews going to visit on the world with this Nazi #$%$, Yaalon

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

You guys should be ashamed of yourselves.Li'l Pooky is never going to get one of those beautiful gold ribbons if you keep thumbing him down.He's desperate for an "attaboy" from the IMP and its never gonna happen, the way things are going...LoL.-S/T

David R, maybe you would like to explain why you exist, you are worth anything, just taking up space.

My father say, anyone taht tells you "I am not lying" or "FACT" after ANYTHING they say, they are lying to you...

Boom bap original rap...

The trolls worship me bahhhahhahhahhcause the zioNAZI say goats have tightest rectum...  and smallest horns!

I wonder if Pook looks like me?  My genes are strong...I ❤ PALESTINE

Sam Zionists also control our government lock stuck and barrel.  They control our money supplies and all our politicians.

I think Palestinian women are some of the hottest in israel, especially the ones from around Jerusalem.

Google Israel linked to al-Qaeda rebels.

The claim that Iran "is working to achieve regional hegemony" is a ridiculous lie (Israeli leaders know full well that, even if Iran gets a bomb, Israel will still be the 800 lb military gorilla in the area...so Iranian "hegemony" would be an impossibility)... however, Yalon DOES reveal what is really at risk for Israel... which is that Israel is the unchallenged hegemon of the region NOW, and might lose the ability to attack its neighbors with impunity, if one or more of them had the capacity to respond in kind.  Hegemony IS at stake... but it is Israel's to lose, not Iran's to gain.

Looks like this string has 10-15 dimwitted anti-semites, not able to even structure complete sentences, ready to hit "thumbs up" or "thumbs down" depending on the context of each string.? Did your god of hate and xenophobia tell you to strap a bomb to your child and send him to a Jewish market this morning?

I'm done, ISHY, what is a SNELL, a Jewish snail?

ISHraeli does not understand the slang of the "411" it thinks that the "411" is an it and not an intangible...

What is a SNELL ISHY?  Is that a chosen' SNAIL?

This is excellent news.  Hopefully Bibi won't bow to pressure from that Muslim clown Obama next Wednesday.....Obama knows as much about the Middle East as I do how to split the atom. You just have to look at the mess Egypt and Syria are in, no thanks to Obama!America will cut off your aid and then what? eat each other?

POOK you are a fu&amp;&amp;ing moron:France is the state of the French, Germany is the state of the Germans, the United States is the state of the Americans.Technically Israel is for the Israelis and not the Jews

People did you know that Orthodox rabbis like to suck blood from young boys? This is true after all and the practice was just banned in NYC.

Israel has NEVER shown themselves to be our friend or ally.  Never have they done what has been asked of them.  Even asking them to halt temperarily the construction on the illegal settlements gets us accused of "anti semitism".  Or "throwing our ally under the bus".  I wish it was as simple as that.  I volunteer to throw Israelis and every stinking disloyal heeb in America right under the bus.

Ya'alon was born as Moshe Smilansky.  He is a good candidate to take to the ICC soon, We the Philistine need take some of their murderous to task. Too bad Sharon is half dead

Your problem is I keep shedding your skin ;-)  Watch you start whining and insulting now.  Put on a show, I will watch you entertain.  My popcorn is ready, go ahead.

aren't*

TMD All the Arab countries offered Israel in 2002 full peace for full withdrawal to 1967 boarders.  What we got is more than 10000 dead pales, many more maimed, and more stolen land.

The fact is that the American people have grown wise to the duplicity of jews here as well as that of Israel.

There are cretins here who like to wallow in some fantasy about Israel hurting without USaid.FACTS:  Israeli GDP is about $250 billion per year with a growth rate of about 4% or $10 billion per year. ---------- US aid to Israel is $3.1 billion per year or 1.2% of Israel's GDP.Do the math , baboons !Netanyahu needs help to dodge Obama's ideas .

If you are talking about Mavis, he ain't much.  But he would not be running the show.

Israeli government seems to have been taken over by right-wing politics/right-wing militancy/fanatical religion. Right-wing/extremist Orthodox settler Jews have been bullying the government of Israel for years now....and many of these government leaders are afraid to confront/reign in these right-wing religious fanatics, who will steal/squat-on land given to Palestinians by international law/treaties. Israel has shown very little respect to the United Nations and various U.N. resolutions over the years...even though the embryonic U.N. was the organization which helped Israel establish itself as a modern state. The damage done to Israeli/Arab relations over the years from Israel lording it's authority, with superior military power and outside aid, has done massive and long-lasting damage to Israeli/Arab relations. Israel cannot continue to exist as a heavily armed island-state in the middle-east. Eventually/soon Israel must establish trade and cultural relations with it's neighbors as well as accepting/supporting various U.N. resolutions regarding the treatment of Palestinians. The greatest form of defense any nation can possess, is peace.....and fair and just trade with it's neighbors.

Look how the zioNAZIM are rotating in people in hopes of turning the tide.  They have no hope.

"Freddy K  •  9 mins ago Report Abuserichard goldstone report on israels use of white phosphorous"Read the entire report after he got ALL the facts. No WP used by IDF as weapon . FACT

More blood and tears, no peace in sight.

Everyman is EVERY hungry!!!! By kids...  ISHrael, stop with the thumbs...  You too Poop and Angry Puppy...  Be nice Stop Hate and don't pick on Sammy, she is my Pal! Nice to have met you Freddy K and great posts Pal-Inmemoriam...

Would you all just gather in David's Pink house in FL, I'll pay for the tickets and all for the flight from your Israel to OUR AMERICA... And Everyman and I will just come and have a nice talk!

israel uses illegal chem weapons on civilians, research white phosphorous + israel

How are those 411's going Evilman?When the zioNAZIM are losing, they go for the Yahoo Samson option and just kill the history of their failure...

""" though he has been vague about whether Israel might carry out a military strike on Iran."""Let me clarify this for you...There won't be any military strike against Iran by the US or Israel. End of story.

1618 Comments and not one off color remark here.  Lets see how many the trolls grind out...  They are petrified of the TRUTH!     ISHrael is a ISHRAELI!

ISHraeli says that the term "411" is a gang term...  Is it a Cryp or Blood thang?

ISHraeli, so, now that we know you are a HEBER in israHELL, how is the weather in Tel Aviv?

Everyman same here it is unbelievable.  It is like yahoo is working for them

Let me guess McCain and Graham because one would not be smart enough, Now please move to your new home.

Israel and the IDF are one and the same.It is a true "People's Army"

ISHY do you know waht the "411" is?  I doubt you even get that part of our vernacular...

FISHY is a lying bi&amp;ch.  She is an IDF agent. just look at her posts and you will see the true face of the  hate monger lying pig.Hey MadDowg , 70 million devoted American Zionists cannot be wrong.Your point is right on.

I will start with ISHYheeb.

THE ISRAELI CONNECTIONWhy would Israel have an interest in participating in the JFK assassination conspiracy? That was the burning question.

ISHraeli, we all know you are not an American.  Game over, we all know I am.  Game over.  You are now relogated to the ranks of David Rosenthal, another non American even though he lives here he is your buddy and is not AMERICAN.  Pretending to be an American that hates Americans like me on USA Yahoo?  You are sad!

Oh god, the thumb bot POOK is lurking... Well, kids play I will hide the truth now, have fun!

After decades of Washington-imposed information blackout over the issue, the US Department of Energy finally confirmed in 2001 that 269 kilograms of uranium were stolen from the Numec nuclear facility in Apollo, Pennsylvania . In the 50s, the US had contracted the supervision of the Numec to Zalman Shapiro, an American Jew suspected to have ties with Tel Aviv.

I Blame Israel ~!Israel can point and blame itself for the current deteriorating relations not only with the Palestinian authority but, also with the majority of the rest of the world. Its time for Israel to come on board with the rest of the world and provide the meaningful leadership needed to stop antagonistic moves that prolong this neverending story.

Think so Everyman?  Then you do not know me very well.  Dumb try.

sanctions, no fly zone shock and awe 24/7 on israel now!

Not condoning Ha mas or Palestinians aggression towards Israel!When has Israel not selected hardliners against aggressors in the Middle East.Israel is justified and believe in peaceful existence with their Muslim neighbors!It is their human right to guard against annihilation by Muslim in that region of the world!The US should always support the great nation"Israel!"Arabs seethe at America's support of Israel.  (I know it's immature of me, but I do take a guilty pleasure in that.)

.............. native alibaba and all his thieves, flying carpets and other stories.

Jews have no morals at all when it comes to murder and theft of land.  White phosphorus is typical of the way the stinking, criminal jews behave.  Even worse are their agents here in American like ISHYju, and Pukeju.

Everyman: Pook and Ishy are in Israel.... Last month, yahoo was having a glitch and the comments section went down here in the USA for hours and also our friend in london UK was not able to comment..... We got back the next day, Ishy and Pook were having all the thread for themselves talking and chattig while Americans were not able to comment.... MAGIC! lol she can't be Norma then!

Best news yet --

Is Israel an apartheid state? Historical analogies should always be used with care, so the question bears some scrutiny. It’s worth noting that the apartheid charge isn’t a recent invention of pro-Palestinian activists. In fact it was first used in an Israeli cabinet meeting when the occupation of the West Bank was just a few weeks old. As the Israeli historian Tom Segev records, during a July 1967 discussion on the fate of the territories one minister said: 'We can't maintain this occupation and start settling Israelis on the land – people will accuse us of apartheid'.

it looks like the IDF gang has gone to sleep.  No one is working the graveyard shift.

He reminds me of Dr. Mengele.  These ZioNazi's will bring about the end of Israel.

South Africa’s ruling party endorses anti-Israel boycottFormer deputy president Mbete says Israel is ‘far worse than apartheid South Africa’; Jewish leader compares Pretoria’s attitude to Israel with that of Tehran

The IDF dogs are starting to come aliveIn your face barrack!

LARRY SILVERSTEIN  is a whole day discussion

How many men in the USA have not had to sign a DD214?  If I did at 18 I was so baked it did not matter.  I do fear that there are many, many men in the USA that have a lot of "salt" that do not serve in our volunteer ARMED FORCES.  We only have  several 100 thouand active duty in a nation of 300 Million people...  ISHrael just does not get America.  Confounded....

cut israel off, every penny of it and demand they pay back the trillions they extorted in the past 65 years

God Bless the Irish and their support for the Pales

Oh Israel.....Mt. Moriah where it all began and where it will end in Victory as the New City will come down for the Millenium!!  So exciting......The BIble is true and Jesus is coming to save Israel!!

israel murdered an American citizen on the Mavi Marmara along with many other brave humanitarians

The last TWO times Israel went into Lebanon they came back defeated and demoralized with their tails between their legs. The performance of the hebrew troops was reported to have been, "dismal."

I think Paul Wolfowits would have been a better choice.  After all, he got to kill thousands of Irakis for the protectection of Israel

I've been actively prophesying within the US from around 2004 to present (some of the events I depicted were the IO and Japan tsunami, hurricanes Katrina and Sandy, Amish and Newtown school shootings, as well as the Iran/US Naval incident; I was also a 'portent' for the events of 9/11) and have consistently received the 'silent treatment' amid implicit and otherwise threats, absence of reporting, and my requests for legal and medical counseling. One of my concerns is that the treatment I and others receive will reflect poorly on Israel, especially as there exists a popular sentiment that America is manipulated by Israel. Furthermore, as a main prophetic event was essentially a response to the Beslan incident, it often appears that the POTUS' activities, in regard to supporting events in Islam-centered nations, reflect a personal motivation that includes bias theological considerations. Furthermore, the notion that scandal amd abuse is tolerated would be more easily 'entrenched' as the hypocrisy and legal misconduct would diminish the capacity to effectively prosecute it.thumbs down posts are where the golden truth lies

Everyman  •  3 mins 26 secs ago Report AbusePlease, jkeep on talking... and NO, I have no clue what the hell DD214 is you returd.. Go back to your bomb shelter____________________________________________________________________I rest my case, he is no American.

You couldn't sell me a wedding band so you should be out of business!!!! My head is dead on﻿ my shoulders now as it is!!! Where is the wedding bands on all people's hands for all money to go through debridement?!!!!! In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ Amen!!!

Netenyahu time get rid hemorrhoids Palestinians first., and deal with Iran next.and watch out for black snake, he not your friend.If black snake had his way, there be no Jew on earth tonight.

I don't see how this is ever to be resolved short of a decisive war.  History would seem to frame it that way.  Pity everyone in the region - so many of them have missed out on so much.

WHEN ISRAEL THREATENED WITH NUKES - HOW THE ISRAELIS BLACKMAILED US INTO UNCONDITIONAL SUPPORT OF THEM and their RECKLESS behavior: ""In the 1973 Yom Kippur War, Arab forces were overwhelming Israeli forces and Prime Minister Golda Meir authorized a nuclear alert and ordered 13 atomic bombs be readied for use by missiles and aircraft. The Israeli Ambassador warned President Nixon of “very serious conclusions" if the United States did not airlift supplies. Nixon complied. This is seen by some commentators on the subject as the first threat of the use of the Samson Option."

Jews are full of hate and Israel is the reincarnation of the Nazi state

Sorry Israel. You are way too barbaric and occupying Pales land. You don't deserve to be there. You need leave in a hurry.

THE ARGUMENT AGAINST ISRAEL'S COLONIAL AGENDA   (Why the world, the U.N., and Obama are right). PART 1PREMISE:  The world wants security and prosperity, both of which are threatened if Israel is not stopped.   Israel is insignificant and inconsequential in this context, and has squandered any deserved sympathy or secular support..ARGUMENT:It is given that billions have suffered directly and indirectly because of Israel.  The world has endured war, geopolitical turmoil, national debt, embargo, assassination, countless lives lost, guerilla and terrorist action, media censorship, and screaming debate.  Israel supporters pushed the war in Iraq, kept us in Afghanistan, and seek attack against every nation in the Mideast (read Pat Buchanan's "Whose War?" and the Meirsheimer and Walt paper "The Israel Lobby")..The impact was global.  Jewish NeoCons lobbied Bush for war against Iraq, Iran, Syria, Hezbollah and Hamas.  Our misdirected war in Iraq and ongoing Afghanistan campaign led the Fed to irrationally lower interest rates to keep tax dollars flowing.  The result was near economic collapse..Israel has no moral ground.  They have refused to accept their civilian captives as citizens, have colonized lands in disregard of the Geneva Convention, and actively seek to push millions of families from their homes..All this due to racist and expansionist policies of settlement and ethnic cleansing, and a zealous 2% Jewish minority in the U.S. striving to increase Israel's scope and power.

The South African Judge who wrote about the 2009 Israeli crimes in Gaza during the 2009 war later admitted that he was forced by the Zionist/Jewish lobby to say he was misled."Yaalon, widely known by his nickname "Bogie"So HE'S THE BOOGIEMAN!

Peace loving people will dislike this because  Jews are so hateful. No leader in Israel comes even close to being statesman and seek peace and work with the Pales  toward ever higher prosperity, and progress in civilization. Jews are just full of hate

Criticallythinking, why don't you and your fellow haters who defameJesus' teachings everyday as well as what's in the Old Testament,why don't you stop preventing Israel from defending themselves againstIran, Gaza, etc. and stop pretending to be an ally of Israel.

Israel needs mass slaughter to  survive

Good Jews finally you have a spark of humanity to distance yourself form your ugly heritagedon't let this last long otherwise a death s awaiting you

Islamel needs mass slaughter to survive

Israel is Hell for all of humanity

I was comment 666 Sam!!!!!!  Hahaha we did it, satan is here! LOL

Stop Hate your a Liar you should be ashamed of yourself.Even the S.A. leadership looked to Israel as a example and where envious.

WW3  Jesus is comeing soon yes the same Jesus that was born in Israel GET READYShould help things in the Middle East!

The other cretin is stuck on foreskins.And more LIES.

See? 3 dislikes for a "Go America" Post... Must be Israelis / Zionist TRAITORS for sure.

israel + white phosphorous, apartheid failed state

Good news for zionist trolls  -Hypnotism has been shown to be successful in curing cases of severe zionist brainwashing.

I have nothing to do with Jews and I do not know any of them, but strangely, whenever the names of Israel and Jew are in news, a chilling sensation goes through my body as if something very bad would be happening.

In an attempt to sugarcoat these policies, Israel’s apologists argue they aren’t comparable to South African apartheid because they’re rooted in security concerns rather than racial supremacism. This misses the point. Some Israelis are outright racists and some aren’t – the same could of course be said of Palestinians. But, as all colonial regimes learn, any attempt to maintain separate legal regimes for two peoples in one territory requires increasingly discriminatory ‘security’ measures to keep ‘order’.

Achtung Nazi Muslims! Did you know that when you are deep fried in hog grease you taste just like bacon?

organ harvesters, baby killers, liars, land thieves, murderers, war criminals, sex slave traders, money launderers and on and on and on

COMMENT #999The war with iran is coming soon. Which means gaza will join. Which means a lot of you losers in here posting will be dead. Enjoy your 72 virgins. Fools.

The second reason is because you are a Gentile and not a Jew. In their religion it is ok to kill Gentiles since the blood of a Gentile is not the same as a Jew.

Most of the people in here posting, its time to eat your humus.

Israel is the NUMBER ONE PARASITE IN THE REGION (a *FIFTH* of ALL of our foreign aid goes to the TINY nation of Israel - 4 BILLION $/year), and the NUMBER ONE ROOT CAUSE OF MUSLIM ANGER and TERRORIST RETALIATIONS drawn to our country - BECAUSE OF OUR SHAMELESS and HYPOCRITICAL OBEDIENCE TO THE JEWISH WAR LOBBY. AND OUR MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL LOBBY, "GUNRUNNERS, INC", sure does appreciate those terrorist attacks, too - so they're NATURALLY allied with the Zionist lobby - for the cause of entangling us into more and more wars with muslims throughout the world.

Have Fun ZIO SLAVE gutter punks you got about 550 messages to troll and all showing what you hate to be said about your pathetic failed Jewish supremacist state.

if the iranian firsters here want to prove that they are not cowards, go back to tehran and exercise your freedom of speech from there.  enjoy!!

The koran is a pathetic immoral old book, with a load of inconsistencies and wickedness.muslims, leaving dead bodies wherever they go !islam is a blasphemy against humanity and Paradise is a world without muslims

Israel has never helped US against the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, even allows them to operate in the Golan heights, and to maim &amp; murder Syrian Christians, who their best friend &amp; ally, the US, the overall majority are Christians. Remember they told us that these Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists did 9/11 and declared a war on terror against, yet Israel wants us to go after the Christians, &amp; secular muslims, and white people of Iran, who are the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists mortal enemies.  With friends like that, who needs enemies?

@bibi and moshe yaalon,thank you for protecting us from radical muslim terror.  god bless israel and zionism!best regards,grateful american people

Q:  When will the Arab League rescue the Palestinians?A:  Right after mathematicians figure out a way to divide by zero.Q:  When will the Arab League rescue the Palestinians?A:  Right after mathematicians figure out a way to divide by zero.

I wonder, if I hang a picture of Moshe out in my back yard, will I have a mosquito problem this summer?  I certainly might have a worse housefly problem, tho......he looks like scheet..-S/T

After decades of Washington-imposed information blackout over the issue, the US Department of Energy finally confirmed in 2001 that 269 kilograms of uranium were stolen from the Numec nuclear facility in Apollo, Pennsylvania . In the 50s, the US had contracted the supervision of the Numec to Zalman Shapiro, an American Jew suspected to have ties with Tel Aviv.

isreal shouldnt wait on the lying coward obama..see obama one of the muslim terrorist.he protects them arms them and gave muslims and arabs that hate you nearly 3 trillion dollars....TRILLION..yahoo wont let you put down email addresses..but its on the goverment published sites..look youll find it...

I feel a sense of peace coming over me.  I now know that ISHY is a world away in a bunker in israel with POOP!  HAHAHAHAHA!

When Geo Bush Sr stood up for the Palestinians, J00ish bankers immediately took the country into a recession and he lost his reelection bid.  Clinton promised to look the other way when it came to Israeli atrocities and he got elected.  Bush Jr. followed suit and enhanced his popularity with the Zionists by plunging the US into a neverending war with the Middle East Muslim entities and "A Greater Israel" went from a dream to a pending reality, all at the expense of the US taxpayer..-S/T

God almighty might not be too pleased with humans who were endowed with intellect and a sense of morality behaving like baboons.I would imagine...

Pal, one day you may  become the comedian you think you are.  Hey, a comedian is a step up for a Jihadist like yourself. ;-)

Only God Almighty ,Your Creator. Knows what Inside your heart.if you sinned or not.

70 million . . .Pook just pulled that figure out of Bo'i's asz." hard-line former military chief"I.E. one who will not compromise with the bad guys.  That's the job of the squishes in the Foreign Ministry.

TMD she is lying there was no nuke involved. The question was if she supports a Pales state and her answer was no they should all be killed.  Exact word "destroyed".  I will find my posts.Then why did she dele all her old posts from before 6 days

There cannot be peace. Punishing the evil doers is the only option.

¡adios! goat worshippers.I leave you to make money while you wallow in your filth.God bless the JIDF . . . . $$checks$$

He was one of those aszholes that wanted to continue the Gaza Massacre.

Expect more murder to flow from the depths of Israhell.

Looking out for Israel's safety and security does not make you 'hard-line.'  Enough with the worthless adjectives.

Arabs in the US military = Major Nidal Hasaan.  (You know... The guy in Ft. Hood who opened fire at the base, killing 13 counts and wounding 32.)

global energy analysts predict $40 per barrel oil after thug iranian regime is done away with.  that equates to $60 of unnecessary expense on the american people solely due to thug iranian regime beligerance.  real american taxpayers cannot wait, we deserve the break!!!

TMD You didn't have a single post that made any logic you pathetic moron.lets not worry about the rebelling country right next to us or helping get the Gaza under control, even help Palestine. nope its iran

On 27 August 2002, he told the Haaretz newspaper: "The Palestinian threat harbours cancer-like attributes that have to be severed. There are all kinds of solutions to cancer. Some say it's necessary to amputate organs but at the moment I am applying chemotherapy."[8] In January 2004, he publicly stated that the thirteen Sayeret Matkal soldiers who refused to serve in the Israeli-occupied territories were taking the unit's name in vain.

I think IREAL should keep a very close watch on IRAN AND OTHER COUNTRIES.

israel = pure evil, satans synagogue

Having your front door open up to a landfill waste site, isn't exactly the image of an ideal home. However, some have no choice but to put up with garbage right next to where they live. Hundreds of Palestinian Bedouins in a village on Israeli-occupied land, say Jewish authorities are trashing their rights and damaging their health. Paula Slier reports.

"mikemaximum " = lies, ignorant non-american

It has long been past time to dump Israel totally, permanently, completely.  Force them to abide by international law; to get back behind the Green line, and compell them to follow international law and face war crimes.

Wow - from these comments ----there's a bad moon riseing

We won,  Never give in...

Who are the bigger Islamophobes, the Sunnis or the Shi'a?  Just wondering...Commmie or not no one deserve to die in the manner they brutally murdered her. She was peaceful

I still don't get why there is so much hate for Jews.  You will side with Palestinian Terrorists over a country being Jewish.  Aren't Palestinians Jews?My whole take on it is not about Jews, It's about a country that ELECTED a Terrorist (Hamas)  organization to govern them.  Trust me, there will never be another election, Hamas has it's hands around their throats and will never give up that position.Start thinking terrorists instead of Jews.  Are people actually wearing blinders to that fact????

cut off all US aid and let them eat each other

Hi everyone.  Just got back from the top secret meeting of the Elder of Zion at the Kansas City Holiday Inn, where we discussed how lower interest rates on savings accounts.

@bibi and moshe yaalon, ,thank you for protecting us from radical muslim terror.  you give our children a future, that is more than anyone else does for children in this neighborhood of the world.  god bless you, god bless zionism!best regards,israeli arabs

In the last year of the British Mandate, the ratio of British officers dead to Jewish terrorists killed was 4 to 1 - a very high ratio even in today's standards.

THE UNSPOKEN TRUTH: ISRAEL'S CENTRAL ROLE IN THE JFK ASSASSINATIONWhere in the world could anyone come up with the idea that Israel's Mossad had a hand in the assassination of John F. Kennedy? Well, there's more to the story than meets the eye. All of the information which, taken together, proves this contention has already been committed to print. This book, Final Judgment, brings all of these facts together for the first time in a frightening scenario that makes sense.

"EP" = ignorant iranian firster, you should be sent back to iran and rail against democracy, freedom, and liberty from there fool.

A senior British rabbi has been filmed telling an alleged victim of child sexual abuse not to go to the police. Rabbi Ephraim Padwa, who is leader of the UK’s Strictly Orthodox Jewish community, told the alleged victim that it was “mesira”, or forbidden, to report a suspected Jewish sex offender to a non-Jewish authority

"Anti-semite" (R) = anyone who does NOT give money to "God's Chosen People" (registered trade mark) - or does not do their bidding3 BILLION US TAXPAYER DOLLARS TO ISRAEL EACH AND EVERY YEAR. 8.5 MILLION every day. 500 US TAXPAYER DOLLARS TO EVERY ISRAELI man, woman and child/year.Well, Bogie, you know that attacking Iran is to attack Russia and China together, so the best thing is to propose a diplomatic solution, that begins with the return of all illegal settlements or exchange for similar extensions beans, and with this action show that your appointment was successful and intelligently made​​, hope

Why jews committed so many atrocities against the Philistines. Is because they hate Gentiles or is it because god commands them to kill, steal, lie, cheat, and rape, or is it because they are peace loving people.

1918 - The Columbus Jewish Chronicle, June 28th, 1918, page 1"Claims Palestine Has Room For Six Million ... "It is quite possible for Palestine to find room for five to six millions ... 800,000 hectares will suffice to produce the food of six millions of people,"

1918 - Fort Wayne News and Sentinel (IN), June 22nd, 1918, page 1"In the war zone of Europe there are six million Jews who have been the war's worst sufferers,"

Everyman, ya know if you wanna go find Pook in Israel I can help... Coming to show you the way lol, Been there already... Most hated nation on earth.... A state of affairs. We'll find Pook at Rami Levy or Aroma Coffee 12/24 with a laptop.... Poor thing LOL

American Jews have been significant in the development of military science and technology – including physicists Albert Einstein, J. Robert Oppenheimer, Richard Feynman, and Edward Teller, who were important in the Manhattan Project, which led to the development of the first nuclear weapons and defeat of Japan.

lol... Ok I'm already posting and all... Can any of you tell me how to contact Sacha? I wanna work for the Hasbara... $$$$$ talking yo!

Slamming the LIES of the shameless bigots is not hate.It is love for the TRUTH.

They have a bulldozer battalion paid by the US debt bondage tax slaves that are used to run over non-kosher liberals protesting the destruction of semite indigenous Palestinian farms

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)It was Israeli soldiers who savagely and wantonly murdered Rachel Corrie, ending her young and promising life. Rachel and some friends had gone to Israel and to occupied Palestine to see first hand what was happening in that chaotic region of the world. When they discovered Israeli military bulldozers razing and tearing down the homes of innocent Palestinians, even of the elderly and sick, they decided to peacefully protest.hamas murdered rachel corrie and even her parents understand this.

@"Rick" or whatever your real muslim name is,prove you are not a stinking muslim coward. move to your iran and serve in your hezbulah, murder iranians, syrians, and lebanese, instead of hiding out here in america.best regards,jeffreynyc, ny

Anna,I just saw your comment a few post back.  I just want you to know that I am a non Jewish American and I think Israel has paid us back with interest for any assistance we have ever loaned  them.  I agree with your comment, and I do not resent a penny, I rather see Israel get any loans or assistance than any of the other countries that receive our AID.  Israel is well worth every dime.

Long Live Israel!

No more free money for israel

FISHY are you really an old bag

The Blasphemers will reign in Hell.

can't wiat for isreal to take out iran's nuclear facilities...and watch oblamer chit his depends

hey palis...you want to stop the building in the west bank?  stop the suicide bombing and the rocket launches from gaza to israel.  if you want peace thats all you have to do, very simple.

There goes Israel spewing threats and wanting war. Their huge illegal nuclear arsenal has never been inspected. WHY? Youtube or Google "Israel and 911." You will discover Israeli agents planted explosives in the buildings. The buildings disintegrated into powder.Of course he is a hardliner!  He needs to be tough to run the US-Iran War that Israel is planning.  No doubt they are planing an "Iranian" attack off the coast of Iran any day now.

To argue with a paid israeli troll like ISHrael and POOP is as to try to hold back the wind..

Israel is NOT going to nuke Iran! The dude is just bluffing! But, NOTHING #$%$ people off more than tough, strong, kick #$%$ Jews! I love it! Ha ha ha ha!!! Go Israel!

Wait !!!! Ishy doesn't know what 411 means? But she claimed her husband was a military man... Vietnam or something! Now I'm really rotflmffffaaaaooooo

REPOST if you like them!!!  Shut down the zioBOT!!!  If they hit you, crush them BACK!

IslamoNazis will hate this because they are so inept. No leader in the Muslim world comes even close to Netanyahu's world class statesmanship directing the Zionist entity toward ever higher prosperity, progress in civilization and security through strength. Eat your heart out IslamoNazis!

The internal situation in Syria is not Israel's business although they are affected.Israel lived and fought successfully the silly Assads and will do the same if necessary in the future no matter who is in charge.FACT

We could be in Iran in 6 months, give or take. Israel my strike sooner, which would up the time table.

"The most dangerous threat today is the nuclear threat on the part of Iran, which is working to achieve regional hegemony," Yaalon said in a recent interview. "It is impossible to deal with the Middle Eastern instability without dealing with this threat."I couldn't agree more.  Great pick for their minister of defense.  I believe any nation can build and develop all sorts of things but, when you have high ranking (weird) officials of a nation for erraticating a population or "raining fire and death" upon anyone, they should not have the opportunity to give that a try.  Silly game really.  The US could hit almost every square mile of Iran with bad stuff.  Does Iran really believe that Russia and China would back them up?   Possibly they're relying on the fact that every country in this world is going through major economic troubles.  QE5 for the US, here we come.

After overseeing Holocaust and denying Jewish to immigrate to Palestine instead of being gassed, members of newly formed UN had no choice but allow Jewish to create their own state. Most of UN members were hoping that Arabs will never allow that and will kill all remaining Jews. Stalin was hoping for creating of new communist state and so on. Well, they all made a mistake. After war Jewish understood that only people who can guaranty their lives are them. In reality, now Israel does not need USA help with Iran. Problem is that that without USA Israel will need to inflict excessive casualties on Iranians. USA participation in war with Iran is in Iranian people interest the most. Israel is capable to destroy Iran but is not going to be able to rebuild it.Bal-Inmemoriam ... "Arab peace activist Juliano Mer Khamis was shot dead 5 times in Jenin by masked militant Islamists. His crime was to direct a theater in the West Bank town mixing boys and girls. Fukestinians vowed to find his killers but to this day no one was arrested." BBC, 4th April, 2011

To disagree with US/Mideast foreign policy with regards to Israel is to be called a "jew hater" by the stinking jews.

I just came on for few minutes to see whats pooking and had a good time. Got to go to bed. But will send few more posts

RIP Rachel and Jesus Christ loves your beautiful soul. Your killers will face justice soon. God Bless

the maniacs have 4 nuclear capable dolphin class submarines prowling around

PM Netanyahu chose right wing Defense Minister who vowed to prevent the Iranian nuke superpower by all means at time when Obama is stopping the anti-missile system in Europe that was intendede to protect Europe from the Iranian nukes attack. PM Netanyahu is estimating few months for the completion of the Iranian nukes at time when Obama is slashing US military power and nukes and nominating pacifist Chuck Hagel for soft diplomacy with the rogue regime of Iran that is partner with the North Korean regime. Israel is strengthening with new anti-missile systems that reach space while US anti-missile stems are of old technology and their performance proves no more than 50% chance to stop the North Korean ballistic missile attack through space.

Pook the lying pig would u like to suck on some pig bone u lying prick

Good news for zionist trolls . . . Suicide has been shown to be effective in curing the most severe cases ofr zionist brainwashing.

So what happens when Jews are below 50% is Israel still jewish

The Haavara Agreement (Hebrew: הסכם העברה Translit.: heskem haavara Translated: "transfer agreement") was signed on 25 August 1933 after three months of talks by the Zionist Federation of Germany (die Zionistische Vereinigung für Deutschland), the Anglo-Palestine Bank (under the directive of the Jewish Agency) and the economic authorities of Nazi Germany. The agreement was designed to help facilitate the emigration of German Jews to Palestine. While it helped Jews emigrate, it forced them to give up most of their possessions to Germany before departing. Those assets could later be obtained by transferring them to Palestine as German export goods.  there goes the holocau$t...mohammedans have a strategy: they want to feuk themselves into victory.They are ruining the European welfare system by sucking it dry and they would like to do the same in Israel.

It is funny how the bigots try to spread out their lies under several names.But they all sound the same.Makes the rest of us laugh.

ISHY, while Pook is busy munching on some zionist "tinfoil", maybe you can tell us why a rabid zionist like you uses the American Flag and an Eagle as your avatar.

Pook is impotent.The last member of Pook's family that was potent was his father, Billy Goat, who took advantage of Pook's mother as she was pulling beets back in Russia.You can read all about it in Chapter 1 - Why Mama Doesn't Harvest Beets Anymore -

Responding to an objection from a German delegate, who said Israel cannot be compared to South Africa during the apartheid era, ANC chairperson and former South African deputy president Baleka Mbete said Israel was actually “far worse than Apartheid South Africa,” according to a press release published by BDS South Africa. “Ms Mbete received a resounding round of applause from delegates for articulating this position,” the release states.

FK Thanks for uncovering one more truth about Zion; "Operation Pinto". I wounder if the name has anything to do with Ford Pinto; the car that explodes on impact.

youtube -.&gt; ISRAEL - THE WORLDS BIGGEST TERRORIST STATE ........................ Everyone- Please Watch and share .This rogue state has made it in to Guinness Book of World Records ,but not in a cool way .. check it out.. SHOCKING

Slow down NataLIE, you're not giving Pook time to answer any Real questions.oh, wait, Pook never answers any real questions.

"To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize."

HOW THE IDIOTIC, TRIGGER-HAPPY JEWS KILLED 34 AMERICANS and WOUNDED 171:"The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two Marines, and one civilian), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship. At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish." - Source: WikipediaTO KEEP AMERICA IN A PERPETUAL STATE OF FRUITLESS, US-TAXPAYER-MONEY-WASTING WAR WITH THE MUSLIM WORLD - is the agenda of the JEW LOBBY CONTROLLING WASHINGTON. Only by convincing the American public that "muslims are the satanic, subhuman enemy always bent on destruction of America" - is the Jew lobby able to PERPETUATE THE LIE that "Israel is our friend and ally" - which enables the Jews to SUCK OUT 3 BILLION US TAXPAYER DOLLARS EACH AND EVERY YEAR in "aid to Israel".

"A Yahoo! User  •  16 mins ago Report Abuseyou never debunk any lies...all you do is insult and demean other's views."Correction: ........... debunk .............insult .............demean ............

I wish I had the button to push that would turn that dirty little (s)(h)(i)(t)(h)(o)(l)(e) of a country into a nice evenly paved with glass parking lot for the new Palestinian Wal-mart.

THOSE LOVELY, PEACE-LOVING, NON-MEDDLING JEWS (little trip down history lane):In 1983 ARIEL SHARON proposed to India that it join with Israel to *ATTACK PAKISTANI NUCLEAR FACILITIES* (Pakistan is now fully nuclear); (FACT!)in the late 70s he proposed SENDING ISRAELI PARATROOPERS TO TEHRAN TO PROP UP THE SHAH (i.e. help maintain DICTATORSHIP OVER THE IRANIAN PEOPLE; (FACT!)and in 1982 he called for expanding Israel's security influence to stretch from "Mauritania to Afghanistan" (PERHAPS EVEN THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH for the Jews). (FACT!)

it's funny reading ignorant comments from non-americans, criticizing democracy, freedom, and liberty.  what a bunch of hysterical hypocrites you are.

how much longer will the "experiment" in the ME last?

We could easily be in Iran in 6 months, give or take, and even sooner if Israel attacks first.

a bunch of loser, ignorant, non-american posers, pretending to be americans to denounce israel, ha ha ha!!!  you dual-citizen iranian fools, believing everything the mainstream iranian news tells them to believe, they recite their talking points very well.

The study revealed that Israel used its intelligence operatives in the US as well as American Jews to infiltrate a US uranium stockpile between the 1950s and the 1960s and stole hundreds of kilograms of weapon-grade nuclear materials to manufacture its first atomic bombs.

DNA tests actually show that the Palestinians are largely descended from the ancient Hebrews. The people we call Jews are of mixed Turkic-European ancestry, according to DNA tests. A bitter irony.DNA tests actually show that the Palestinians are largely descended from the ancient Hebrews. The people we call Jews are of mixed Turkic-European ancestry, according to DNA tests. A bitter irony.

To expose the zionist/jew fraud is to get labeled anit semitic, or Nazi.

Daily, weekly, monthly I have handed the hats to the best the IIDF can offer me.  I salute you israel!  You are a nation of weaklings all around...

The sinking muslims need to more to Syria !

mohammedans are afraid of this guy because he takes no lip.He will slam the jiggy mohammedan as they should.Good luck to the new cabinet, maybe we will also get more medieval on the mohammedans now...

I s r a e l =       w a r si s r a e l =  a p a r t h e i di s r a e l = t e r r o r i s mi s r a e l =  p a r a s i t e s

Repost all of eachothers posts NOW!  Lets short circuit the BOTS!!!

there are no question whether the zios are sick or notthat is given and well known fact.they are sick to the bonethe question is how badly sick they are ,is there any hope and cure for their sickness.

Anyone who thinks the current events in the Middle East have nothing to do with Bible prophecy has obviously not studied the Bible, as everything that has and continues to happen is EXACTLY in line with what the Bible has prophesied to happen.

The Megaphone desktop tool is a Windows "action alert" tool developed by Give Israel Your United Support (GIYUS) and distributed by World Union of Jewish Students, World Jewish Congress, The Jewish Agency for Israel, World Zionist Organization, StandWithUs, Hasbara fellowships, HonestReporting, and other pro-Israel public relations organizations. The tool was released in July during the 2006 Lebanon War. By June 2011, the tool became no longer available through the GIYUS website. An RSS newsfeed is availableBibi and Yaalon:Turn the Iranian nuke development into parking lots. Do it quickly and surgically, and the "rugs" might just fall apart.......................................

1939 - The Binghampton Press, January 18, 1939, page 8"IRISH PLEA — Deputy Robert Briscoe, only Jewish member of the Irish Parliament, arrives in New York city to begin a campaign to enlist Americans in a plan for resettling approximately 6,000,000 Jews in Palestine."

1918 - New York Times, October 18th, 1918"Six million Souls Will Need Help to Resume Normal Life When War Is Ended. ... Committee of American Jews Lays Plans for the Greatest Humanitarian Task in History. ... 6,000,000 Jews Need Help."

time is running out for iran by summer there could be war

There's a knock on at the door.  It's loony lefty pal's mom.  Patriot pal finished so she came over to me.  bye loony left pal.  I really did make you eat sheet.hahahahaha

I wish "Stop Hate" would live up to her name.She has a whole nation of J00S to stop, and yet she hasn't done squat..-S/T

23.000 does not equal 30.000Criticallythinking just made a fool of himself. And a LIAR.

T&amp;M what kind of a god tell his chosen pigs to kill all men, women, except for virgins. "But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves."Only a sick or a fake god does this

I would feel safe to stake my reputation on my idea...   I can make my case to anyone, the zionist only have 1 game; convince you they are Gods chosen or the servants of the afore mentioned...  Either way, if you support israel and are not a Jew, you are doing it so that your Jesus can come back and kill them all.

Public diplomacy in Israel (also hasbara) (Hebrew: הַסְבָּרָה‎ hasbará, "explaining") refers to public relations efforts to disseminate information about Israel.[1][2] The term is used by the Israeli government and its supporters to describe efforts to explain government policies and promote Israel in the face of negative press.So how many HASBARA are posting tonight.so why did the jews kill Rachel? It was no accident. There are several reasons they killed her

FISHY the lying jew. She works for the IDF and is doing their dirty work here on the net.  She is full of hate to everyone one except the jews. She is truly a bit&amp;h and wh&amp;re

Seems like the big dog netanyahu jolly laughter has gone, and I wonder why,.

WHEN ISRAEL THREATENED WITH NUKES - HOW THE ISRAELIS BLACKMAILED US INTO UNCONDITIONAL SUPPORT OF THEM and their RECKLESS behavior: ""In the 1973 Yom Kippur War, Arab forces were overwhelming Israeli forces and Prime Minister Golda Meir authorized a nuclear alert and ordered 13 atomic bombs be readied for use by missiles and aircraft. The Israeli Ambassador warned President Nixon of “very serious conclusions" if the United States did not airlift supplies. Nixon complied. This is seen by some commentators on the subject as the first threat of the use of the Samson Option."

why do the iranian firsters ignore irans achievements allowing assad to slaughter 70,000+ innocent syrians last year alone???we don't get this???  you rail against israel and she has never killed that many people in 60+ years while defending herself no less.  assad is an assault machine and his butchering is far from over.

Seems the haters never remember how many times the palestinians turned down their own state and peace.  They never remember that Hamas said they would never stop war with Israel either.

Too bad the turd in the White House works with bribes only.

jew s like to rape 3y+1 day old babies

Israel's Central Role in JFK Assassination,Who's Who in JFK Assassinationexcerpted from the bookFinal JudgmentThe missing link in the JFK assassination conspiracyby Michael Collins PiperWolfe Press, 1995, paperback

Have  anyone noticed that these bigots zio posters hereare not friendly at all.if someone try to extend their hand to them ,they rejectedthey're vile and  hatefulthey need and want everyone else to hate them as they needed as waterthey can't function without hate"...decisive period for the security of Israel, as the region around us rages." ... Who rages where, I beg your pardon?

This dumfeuk named Diamond babbles on about the UN personnel abducted on the Golan Heights.Only that it happened on the Syrian side, NOT the Israeli territory.This one is one stupid and ignorant mohammedan. FACT

Newly-disclosed documents have revealed that the Israeli regime stole nuclear material from a US stockpile of enriched uranium to build Tel Aviv's first atomic weapons.

The UN Peacekeepers abducted in the Golan Heights, which is along Israel's border, by the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, made allot of people remember that Israel has never helped our troops being murdered by them, and never attacks them period, only the ones fighting them, like Syria is now.

Get Back means going all the way back to 7th century violent and murderous Pagan Arabia that served the inspiration for Quran/Sharia and is followed to the letter by bloodthirsty Foreign Arabs to this day.

America doesnt need israel, israel desperately needs America

Strange that Israel never attacks the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists maiming &amp; murdering Syrian Christians in next door Syria, and even allows them to operate along its border in the Golan heights, and never helps our troops against them either. They even sanctioned the US blocking of the UN Resolution condemning the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist bombing in Syria

In the eyes of the stupid jihadis, all Israelis look evil.Very good.

Mr Peled is welcome to go resettle in Saudi Arabia or Syria.Or Egypt for all I care.Maybe he can mesmerize the locals there with his wit and sense of justice.

France is the state of the French, Germany is the state of the Germans, the United States is the state of the Americans and Israel will forever be the state of the Jews.You cretins can go suck eggs.France is the state of the French, Germany is the state of the Germans, the United States is the state of the Americans and Israel will forever be the state of the Jews.You cretins can go suck eggs.

These cretins are actually yearning for Israel not to be a Jewish state.Now that, ..... is funny.

muzzzlim 2 fold plan:terrorism against the big statan-USAarab interlopers to USA spread their propaganda while they build an islamic infrastructure, increase their pop. here &amp; build sharia through creeping islamitization

Shmuck: The Foreskin that is removed from the Pe&amp;&amp;s during a circumcision is the correct definition of shmuck.

wow that 6 million figure sure was loosely used eh?

poor israel, winston smith has all your deeds in the memory hole, more to be released soon

bunch of liars through out history lying cheating stealing murdering and on and on, no wonder always expelled

Rick the prick disappeared pretty soon once his LIES are being debunked.Don't worry! He will reappear as soon as it is safe to post his imbecilic LIES again.And then, he will be slammed. Again.

Same "crew of cretins" ........ different names ......... same garbage as always.--------------------------------- ISRAEL LIVES------------------------

Diamond, give it up clown!------Israel will snuff out Gadahn in a New York minute if they fund the vermin. You are an imbecile.AlQaida = Sunni mohammedan muthafeukersAssad / Hizballah / mullahs =  Shia muthafeukers1919 - The Watchman and Southron, April 5th, 1919"Six million Jews in Poland, Lithuania, Galicia, Palestine, Turkey and Siberia are dying of starvation. ... These six million despairing souls are totally dependent on American generosity for the bare necessities of life."1919 - The Galveston Daily News, April 5th, 1919, page 5"Six million Jews are dying of starvation."

2nd chance Pook . . . What is your opinion of the Rothschild Banking family?

why do jews hate Jesus. He came to save them but they killed him instead. god chosen pigs

Hey Pook, why do the other zionist trolls worship a *goat?*goat - that would be you, GoatBo'i

The bigot is suffering from a profound sense of intellectual  impotence.That is why it is comforting for him to write something disparaging about others.FACT

Pook never comes out when there are so many FACTS being posted.Wonder which Yahoo ID he's hiding behind.NataLIE might know.

The study revealed that Israel used its intelligence operatives in the US as well as American Jews to infiltrate a US uranium stockpile between the 1950s and the 1960s and stole hundreds of kilograms of weapon-grade nuclear materials to manufacture its first atomic bombs.

Murderer

yea, they used cluster bombs but when they are used in Syria it is a crime.

Boy, do these YAHOO Israel articles bring out the anti-semitic nutcases in theworld...LOLDeclassified FBI documents from a 1985-2002 investigation implicate Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu in an initiative to illegally purchase United States nuclear technology for Israel’s nuclear program.Netanyahu was allegedly helped by Arnon Milchan, a Hollywood producer with ties to Israeli prime ministers and U.S. presidents.

Pal, you are impotent.  Have fun Loser.

ISHY the smelly FISHY did you really exit 6 days ago or not show us you old posts. you old bag

ISHY the smelly FISHY why did you delete all your posts. Your post history is only 6 days old.  tell us why did you dele?

HOW THE IDIOTIC, MANIACAL JEWS KILLED 34 AMERICANS and WOUNDED 171:"The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two Marines, and one civilian), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship. At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish." - Source: Wikipedia

The main reason the Israelis killed you is to scare off all other Americans so not to come to Gaza. This was the main point of taking your life. They purposely did it to make sure no one else come to witness their crimes against the Pales.

Tel Aviv mayor: Jewish law would turn Israel into IranUltra-Orthodox majority would turn Israel into fundamentalist state like Saudi Arabia, Tel Aviv Mayor Huldai says, insists that city will ultimately offer public transportation on Shabbat

Israel will need a hard-line person to deal with non-support from Obama.

Netanyahu has the rank of Captain trained in his country's special forces, most likely the best in the world. Yaalon and Bennett come from the same unit and are former IDF Chief of Staff. They can easily make minced meat out of CriticallyArab, Samantha/Fatima and Shekel Traitor IslamoNazis.

Conclusion: God was drunk when he choose his chosen pigs. or their god is fake and made up by the Heebs for the benefit of the Heebsgo get your enemies israel if you must....america is a paper tiger

Israel is the NUMBER ONE PARASITE IN THE REGION (a *FIFTH* of ALL of our foreign aid goes to the TINY nation of Israel - 4 BILLION $/year), and the NUMBER ONE ROOT CAUSE OF MUSLIM ANGER and TERRORIST RETALIATIONS drawn to our country - BECAUSE OF OUR SHAMELESS and HYPOCRITICAL OBEDIENCE TO THE JEWISH WAR LOBBY. AND OUR MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL LOBBY, "GUNRUNNERS, INC", sure does appreciate those terrorist attacks, too - so they're NATURALLY allied with the Zionist lobby - for the cause of entangling us into more and more wars with muslims throughout the world.

THE J3W LOBBY has been working very hard at CORRUPTING OUR CONGRESS AND MEDIA so as to TIE/BOND USA AND ISRAEL AS TIGHTLY AS POSSIBLE, so that ALL ISRAELI PROBLEMS/BEEFS/ENEMIES BECOME OUR PROBLEMS/ENEMIES AS WELL. All financed by the unsuspecting US taxpayer, and also PAID FOR IN BLOOD - with the lives of our youth who sail overseas to fight wars with ISRAEL'S ENEMIES.

Hey Pook, why do Israel's zionist settlers steal Palestinian land?

Hey Pook, what do you think of the Rothschild Banking family?

Hey POOP, give me a couple of thumbs down sweet #$%$...

The New York Times explains that the practice of using oral suction (called metzitzah b'peh) to draw blood from the newly opened incision is strongly defended by ultra-Orthodox Jewish rabbis who believe it follows Talm#$%$ teaching.

So they killed her to prevent others from coming to Gaza to witness their crimes against the Pales and because she is a Gentile. God commands them to kill Gentiles if jews are challenged. It is in the Torah and the talm&amp;d.

Robert, jesus was a jew who came to send a sword on the earth, matthew 10:34.

The mohammedas are skeeered by Moshe Yaalon.And for good reason ......;-)Partner for peace....

Yes, I am an Atheist and a Zionist. I strongly support the state of Israel.Many more , 70 million Americans are Zionists, mostly Christians, but also millions of Atheists, Buddhists, Jews. FACT

As the execution of Plan Dalet proceeded with clockwork precision, the Haganah created a 'Committee for Arab Properties in Villages' the purpose of which was to register and take possession of all Palestinian properties  in the villages the Zionist forces had conquered. Similar committees were established in major Palestinian cities like Haifa, Safad, Yafa and Tabariyah.

Congrats to Netanyahou for picking the best possible choice next to me for defense chief !

Christians believe that if they empower israel enough, israel will retake all of Jerusalem, rebuild the Temple Mount and usher in the return of Christ who will kill all the Jews that do not or have not converted to Christianity.

ISHY the lying FISHY Please remind us you IDF agent.  Also do you support 2-state solution for the PALES to have their own state on 67 land

Israhell is a failed state. It's an apartheid state filled with liars, thieves, murderers, and still believes in slavery as it is ok in their own evil religious belief. In fact, young women from abroad are still kidnapped today to be brought to Israhell to be SOLD. Israel is a Human Trafficking Haven! Just look it up as this is no lie.And we give those pricks billions annually to support their crimes??? This needs to stop!

TMD why do you think the Belfour Declaration in 1917 was made to Baron Rothschild. Is there any connection with the supply of money during WW1 or the activities of the other Rothschild family in Germany

Google "Adam Gadahn"  His bio says it all

Bal-Inmemoriam ... Vittorio Arrigoni, 36, an Italian Hamas supporter living in Gaza was kiddnapped by Hamas affiliates for being an infidel and found hanged in a Gaza City house. The video published by the Fukestinian terrorists clearly shows that he was tortured before his death." BBC, 15th April, 2011For years – even decades – U.S. citizens have been the subject of a political action campaign designed and executed by Israel. Currently, Israel's campaign is part steady-as-she-goes and part improvisation to neutralize an unexpected and – for Israel – worrying development. So far, Israel's covert political action is succeeding hands down. Americans are gradually being indoctrinated to believe Islamists are today's #$%$ and that there is no "Israeli lobby" in America. Simply put, Israel is conducting a brilliant covert political action campaign in the United States, a campaign any intelligence service in the world would rightly be proud of.

Zionism started out as a movement to allow Jews to purchase land in Palestine and live peaceably with their neighbors who may not want to sell their family inheritance. But as time progressed, Zionism became degraded into sheer covetousness. To covet another man's land is sin. In fact, covetousness is the most insidious form of idolatry (Colossians 3:5). There is nothing wrong with desiring someone else's land, if one abides by the basic laws of humanity. If you want land, then buy it. If you steal it or obtain it by fraud, then it is  covetousness and idolatry. Zionists may object to this, but nothing will change this simple fact.

Good, this guy is so full of himself he will probably tell Russia to sit down and shut up or they will get another Chernobyl, thus confirming that they caused Chernobyl with Stuxnet.Russia will respond with the "Father of All Bombs" over Tel Aviv, ridding the world of the murderers, liars, thieves, ghouls, and child molesters the Israeli nation has become.

So you ignorant fools understand, Israel receives LOAN GUARENTEES from the US and that money is used to buy US made misslie defence systems and fighter planes, which creates jibs here. Israel pays back every dime!  Egypt however recieves billions of our tax dollars as loans, which under Obama, are then forgiven. So we are giving our tax dollars to Egypt with no repayment.

Lefty tards and Right wingnuts are cut from the same mold.Communism and Fascism are so out there, they are tangents.

absolutely horrendous, caution watching this, i admit i was ignorant regarding white phosphorous, youtube Israel's White Phosphorus Bombs (1/2)

Realitysux is directing his "Cretin Crew" of merry jihadis ......It is a cacophony of LIES and mindless babble.

TMD and POOK are nothing but Zionist agents working for the IDF, We are missing FISHY who I am sure will appear soon to paly

Wooh!  The thumbs are a flyin' tonight!!!

Israel can build on what ever they wish for the whole land of israel was given to them by God. End of story.thumbs down posts are where the golden truth lies

THOSE LOVELY, PEACE-LOVING, NON-MEDDLING JEWS (little trip down history lane):In 1983 ARIEL SHARON proposed to India that it join with Israel to *ATTACK PAKISTANI NUCLEAR FACILITIES* (Pakistan is now fully nuclear); (FACT!)in the late 70s he proposed SENDING ISRAELI PARATROOPERS TO TEHRAN TO PROP UP THE SHAH (i.e. help maintain DICTATORSHIP OVER THE IRANIAN PEOPLE; (FACT!)and in 1982 he called for expanding Israel's security influence to stretch from "Mauritania to Afghanistan" (PERHAPS EVEN THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH for the Jews). (FACT!)

Zalman Shapiro, an American Jew suspected of helping Israel steal 269 kilograms of uranium...in the 1960..... move to J Pollard.... in the 80s

The Torah is fake and full of heebs lies.  Their fake commands them to kill, rape, lie, steal, and cheat.  I

Public diplomacy in Israel (also hasbara) (Hebrew: הַסְבָּרָה‎ hasbará, "explaining") refers to public relations efforts to disseminate information about Israel.[1][2] The term is used by the Israeli government and its supporters to describe efforts to explain government policies and promote Israel in the face of negative press, and to counter what they see as delegitimisation of Israel around the world. Hasbara means "explanation", and is also a euphemism for propaganda.[3][4][5][6]

Jews hate to love and love to hate

Anna, all these cretins are like toothless chihuahuas.They squeak but they are impotent and bite-less.

He has the qualifications for the job.  I wish him the best.

Truther, see also . . .** They Are Blocking The Sun, Period ** at - zengardenerThe same force that drives the zionists also controls the spraying.

Israel will illegally bomb the Syrians fighting the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists that are ethnically cleansing, suicide bombing, maiming &amp; murdering Syrian Christians and other moderate muslims, but never the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists that our government &amp; media said did 9/11Alessio ibraham, the 1st christians were jews &amp; the 1st gentile christians were italians, acts 10:1-11:19.Get your lies straight, you moronic knazi trolls.

TMD it is dinner time and I will leave shortly. I have been supporting peace for the past 20 years but I am getting to the point where I am reconsidering this. Please tell me/us do you support the Pales right to their country on the 1967 land.  I do for the sake of peace.

"Light Being  •  7 secs ago Report AbuseIsrael Iz A MONSTER !! And I'm A Jew !!And I am the bishop of Detroit.

Mohammad Farhat did NOT kill School Students... They were Military students in an ILLEGAL settlement in GAZA, same age as him... They were studying how to kill Palestinians. PERIOD. He wouldn't bomb himself if he was not so desperate from the OCCUPATION and OPPRESSION they suffered from the settlers.

Israel is the state of the Jews, bigots. PERIOD.That they are kind and civilized towards minorities, that is great and it is the way it should be.But Israel is and will be the eternal state of the Jews.

israel has segregation busses

utube its a trick, we always use it

Using DNA evidence, Iranian nuclear scientists have just concluded that the attack on Peal Harbor was a Mossad false flag.

Which is why more than 200 ultra-Orthodox rabbis have ordered mohelim, ritual circumcisers, not to comply with the regulation on the basis that it is an infringement on their religious freedom. One of them, Rabbi William Handler, is quoted by the Times as saying, “This [regulation] is being created without a shred of evidence. The city is lying, and slandering compassionate rabbis.”The claim of slander is a bit over the top, but the First Amendment implications of the case are undeniable. One Orthodox group, Agudath Israel of America, is exploring the possibility of suing the city to block the regulation, which is scheduled to go into effect 30 days from official publication of the rule.

Sharia Law coming to a city near you. Bukharis Hadith vol. 7 num. 64. How bout it ladies?NEVER respond to ISHY and POOK again.  Their opinion is of no consequence at all any more...  Speak to the people!!!!

IN THE BIBLE/TORAH - HOW JEWS' CLAIM ON "THEIR" "PROMISED" LAND CAME TO BE: Jews INVADED Canaan and, "under God's instructions" (Deuteronomy chapter 7, Book of Joshua), *EXTERMINATED SEVEN NATIONS* in widespread acts of genocide: the Girgashites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites. They continued to commit genocide against other groups.

and Sadam was hanged by us (actually our Iraqis agents)

MadDog, be sure you drink enough water before you go on your assigned shift.We don't want any fire hyrants left unwetted..-S/T

"Fukushima Prefecture  •  1 min 35 secs ago Report Abuse0,000,001............Pooks ticket to the gas ovens."-----------The bigots are reduced to the imbecility above. And other imbeciles thumb them up ....;-)........ impotence.

FK don't forget AIPAC

ISHY the lying FISHY admit that u work for the IDF. Admit u lying prick

blood sucking vampires

I should think those Christians that hate Israel should find out what'shappening to them in countries that are Israel's enemies, such asEgypt, Iran, Libya, Saudi Arabia, etc.

1919 - Sheboygan Press (WI), October 4th, 1919, page 2" ... the Feast Day of Rosh Hashonah. It was not a feast day for some six million starving Jews of Europe because every day for the past four years has been a fast day for them. ... the five year fast that has been the lot of the 6,000,000 Jews in Europe."google 236 references to 6,000,000 Jews prior to the Nuremberg Trial

1938 - The Jewish Criterion (Pittsburgh), April 1st, 1938, page 15"I shall not comment upon the first except to remind you that six million Jews in Europe are struggling between life and death."

Muslims believe in the virgin birth of Jesus. The jews don't and accuse Jesus of practicing sorcery and magic. We call him Blessed Jesus son of Blessed Mary

1938 - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle, June 16th, 1938, page 18"Judge Lewis urged American members of the race to swing moral and financial powers into the channels of evacuating some 6,000,000 Jews to Palestine."

1938 - The Times, November 22nd, 1938"Mass emigration of Jews to Palestine for two years and the formation of a Jewish national assembly was advocated by Sir John Haslam, M.P., in a message which he sent to a public meeting at the Kingsway Hall last night held by the New Zionist Organization. The message stated that the problem now involved some 6,000,000 Jews."

Now you can look further into why Israel never helps US fight the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, even when they are murdering US troops in nearby Iraq, across the Golan heights in Syria, where they are murdering Syrian Christians &amp; other moderate muslims, or anywhere else.  Very gefilte fishy

A few days from now, on March 26, 2013, the Jewish Passover, nicknamed the Feast of Freedom in Hebrew, will be celebrated in Israel.most Israelis run amok trying to get good and fresh pita bread from Palestinian bakeries. lol

1919 - Gouvernur Free Press, November 12th, 1919"Six Million Men and Women Are Dying... Won't You Help Them? ... From across the sea six million men and women call to us for help ... in six million human beings ... In this catastrophe, when six million human beings are being whirled toward the grave by a cruel and relentless fate ... Six million men and women are dying ... Six million men and women are dying ... Because of this war for Democracy six million Jewish men and women are starving across the seas ... Six million men and women of the race that helped do the greatest of the world's work are falling into the grave! ... six million famished men and women now turn mute eyes of appeal ... "

1920 - New York Times, May 5th, 1920, page 9" ... to save six million men and women in Eastern Europe from extermination by hunger and disease."

Israel will illegally go into Syria and bomb the Syrian military fighting Adam Gadahn's Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, but will never attack the Adam Gadahn Al-CIAda terrorists, even when they are as close to Israel as on their border in the Golan heights. Something very fishy going on hereuouɐqǝl uı sʞɔɐɹɹɐq ǝuıɹɐɯ ǝɥʇ pǝʞɔɐʇʇɐ ʎʇɹǝqıl ssn ǝɥʇ pǝʞɔɐʇʇɐ ʇɐɥʇ ǝldoǝd ǝɯɐs ǝɥ┴

The reason I call myself a baptized Jew is because how canI reconcile my beliefs with that the Christians advocate against the Jewsand  Israel? I will not call myself a Christian. I am Jew and that's it. Asfor how the Christians are getting their heads handed to them by the Arabs, theChristians would put me in the ovens in a second.

new defense ministergood for israel.it is time to make peace with iran.no more war in this world.

The Haavara Agreement

Nothing he can do the era of fast wars are over.

Staying KKKlassy, the Yahoo way.

The drive to make Islamofascist the term of choice in describing America's Muslim enemies is meant to still U.S. debate about Israel and, indeed, to limit questions about any aspect of U.S. foreign policy toward the Islamic world. After all, why would anyone in their right mind care what people think, unless they are blindly and unthinkingly opposed to Islamofascism?

Israel's Central Role in JFK Assassination,Who's Who in JFK Assassinationexcerpted from the bookFinal JudgmentThe missing link in the JFK assassination conspiracyby Michael Collins PiperWolfe Press, 1995, paperback

There is no worry about existence of Israel, they can survive w/ little help U.S.. We must concern about China who becoming bigger and bigger in term of economy. YOU KNOW WHAT?  The present situation was due American Traitors to the American people. And you know who are they?  Past and Present POLITICIAN and Businessmen, who export our technology to China, so they can rake more profit in there businesses. SHAME ON ALL OF YOU POLITICIAN AND BUSINESSMEN, YOU GUYS.... RAISE YOUR HANDS, Am I right?

Fake Al Qaeda Actors EXPOSED! Adam Gadahn &amp; Yousef al-KhattabutubeHOW THE IDIOTIC, TRIGGER-HAPPY JEWS KILLED 34 AMERICANS and WOUNDED 171:"The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two Marines, and one civilian), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship. At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish." - Source: Wikipedia

Does anyone here know that Saudi Arabia opened up its airspaceto Israel so they can take out Iran's nuclear facilities?

TMD you dumb as&amp; read her previous posts.  She said that all 5M pales living on their land should be killed for the sake of Israel. If this is not hate then I don't know what is

research/youtube -&gt; The Five Dancing Israelis - 9/11/2001 - Our Purpose Was To Document The Event                                       ................/.actual footage , interviews ,etc . SHOCKING

Rick the prick is a shameless liar.During World War II, approximately 500,000 American Jews served in the various branches of the United States armed services. Roughly 52,000 of these received U.S. military awards.FACT

Anna's family tragedy and the tragedy of millions of Jews exterminated by the naxi imbeciles who spawned these cretins ululating here their anitsemitism is the inspiration to slam the "crew of cretins" ...Hineni.

I believe that israel, although nothing like South Africa, is engaging in "apartheid like" practices...  They have israeli only roads, buses, bathrooms, etc...  housing, same thing.  Jobs, same thing.  Culture, same thing.  The only thing that is missing is the soverignty of the rule of all areas...  SA was in control of all areas and responsible, israel wisely annexed the area so they could just kill, kill, kill, starve and terrorize the Palis away.

PoB you need more than a picture to  cover up their hate and bigtory

every PM of israel liar land thief murderer war criminal

This isn't any surprise!srael's prime minister, recently issued a gag order that the smuggling network's unindicted ringleader refrain from discussing “Project Pinto.”

where are all the poisons when you need them.

WHY NUCLEAR ISRAEL *IS* THE THREAT TO ALL CIVILISED NATIONS: ""Ron Rosenbaum writes in his 2012 book "How the End Begins: The Road to a Nuclear World War III" that in the "aftermath of a second Holocaust" Israel's surviving Dolphin-class nuclear missile submarines WOULD RETALIATE NOT ONLY AGAINST ISRAEL'S ATTACKERS, but "bring down the pillars of the world (attack Moscow and European capitals for instance)" as well as the "holy places of Islam." He writes that "abandonment of proportionality is the essence" of the Samson Option.""

In this neighborhood you can't afford to be a wimpie kid. This is why he was elected to lead Israel. The media reports that he appointed a "hard liner" to be Defense Minister. That's a good thing. The harder, the better.

THE ISRAELI CONNECTIONWhy would Israel have an interest in participating in the JFK assassination conspiracy? That was the burning question.

Now we know religious freedom in Orthodox land means sucking blood......

ʇnoqɐ uɹɐǝl ɹǝʌǝu llıʍ noʎ ǝdoɥ ʎǝɥʇ ƃuıɥʇ ǝɯos ' ʇuǝɯǝǝɹƃ∀ ɐɹɐʌɐɐH ǝɥ┴

mark, there is no civil war in Syria.  It is really zionist troops killing the syrians.  The same thing happened in Benghazi.  zionist troops went there and attacked our embassy with rpg's.  Who do you think is killing our troops in Afghanistan.  the jevvs have an aircraft carrier which airlifts their troops in and out.

Bomb Bomb Bomb, Bomb Bomb Iran.    Bomb Bomb Bomb, Bomb Bomb Iran.   Oh Bomb Iran nnnn!!!!  I know you cannnn.  !!!!

I have no religion , I have FACTS.The cretins cannot deal with that.we are foolish enough to go to war for Israel and they do not serve our pupose.  only Zionism

IMAM1R3DB0LSH3V1K

Bal-Inmemoriam ... "Dr. Mustafa Barghouthi: Whether in Ramallah, Gaza or Rome, today we remember Vik. ... family, friends and colleagues of Vittorio Arrigoni to celebrate his struggle to liberate a Fake people ... who can not stand infidels and murdered him in the IslamoNazi ways.

yeu go ISRAEL,Im behind you

"Benjamin Netanyahu appointed on Sunday a hard-line former military chief as the country's new defense minister." - AND THE US TAXPAYER WILL FINANCE ANY WAR THAT ISRAEL WANTS US TO FIGHT FOR THEM - and USA WILL ALSO PROVIDE THE LIVES OF IT'S SONS TO DIE IN WARS WITH ENEMIES THAT ISRAEL CREATES.

Look who just showed up ISHY the FISHY

The Zionist plan to transfer Palestinians out of their land was headed by no lesser character than David Ben-Gurion himself. He plotted these schemes in his own home aided by a small ad hoc group of people referred to as The Consultancy. Its aim was to plot and carry out the disposession of the Palestinian people. As early as February 1947, when the British Cabinet voted to pull out of Mandatory Palestine, the Zionist leadership knew that the road ahead was clear for their aims to be achieved. The Consultancy first met (according to Ben-Gurion's diary) on 18 June 1947 and continued to meet regularly during the months leading to October 1947 when it transpired that the UN will now issue its Resolution 181 to partition the land of Palestine.

My my, you heathen Jew-hating, no-goods are out early this morning--that's too bad, because the Jews have not disappeared over night. Look, must of you antisemites post all the time, all that an article has to show is a star of David, and this is enough to set your collective tongues wagging about the preverbiall bad Jew in our midst, and how 'best' to eliminate him.You good Jew-haters would all be better off going up the smoke stack the way of my mother's family did in Auschwitz-Birkenau. The world needs vermin like you, like we need cockroaches.I would like to point out to you sub-humans, that in the 21 century,it will not be as easy to kill all us Jews, so what do you intend to do about that 'helplessness' in this case--I mean how can you live with yourself, knowing there are still 13 million Jews left in the world; Doesn't this nagging thought oppress your very exsistance? I will offer up myself to you, any one of you, as the eternal sacrifice to your hate, and your god of hate--here I am, come and get me,I'm Jewish and need a good laugh this morning.

Lefty rhetards and mohammedans found each other.

Ziotrolls never try to discuss or disprove and FACTS posted . . . instead they resort to "spin","deflect", "lie", "run and hide", "thumbs-down". . . . the only tools the ziotroll know how to use.HOW THE IDIOTIC, MANIACAL JEWS KILLED 34 AMERICANS and WOUNDED 171:"The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two Marines, and one civilian), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship. At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish." - Source: Wikipedia

OPEN, BRAZEN TREACHERY OF THE SHAMELESS JEWS: "NETANYAHU has repeatedly called for the release of Jonathan Pollard, an American serving a life sentence for *PASSING SECRET US DOCUMENTS TO ISRAEL*. Netanyahu has called for his release over the course of several presidential administrations. The Israeli Prime Minister maintains contact with Pollard's wife, and has been active in pressing the Obama administration to release Pollard. Netanyahu has characterized Pollard as "a warmhearted Jew, proud and a real Zionist." - source: Wikipedia

Israel is the NUMBER ONE PARASITE IN THE REGION (a *FIFTH* of ALL of our foreign aid goes to the TINY nation of Israel - 4 BILLION $/year), and the NUMBER ONE ROOT CAUSE OF MUSLIM ANGER and TERRORIST RETALIATIONS drawn to our country - BECAUSE OF OUR SHAMELESS and HYPOCRITICAL OBEDIENCE TO THE JEWISH WAR LOBBY. AND OUR MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL LOBBY, "GUNRUNNERS, INC", sure does appreciate those terrorist attacks, too - so they're NATURALLY allied with the Zionist lobby - for the cause of entangling us into more and more wars with muslims throughout the world.

TMD please answer my question

ISHY, you've been complaining about your dog not scaring off the lovers, muggers, and thieves from your place.I have just the solution:  Just move that picture of Moshe hanging above your bed to your front door (on the outside).Results guaranteed..-S/T

ISRAEL - THE NUMBER ONE SHAMELESS FREELOADER - 8.5 MILLION US$ EVERY DAY! "Since the October War in 1973, Washington has provided Israel with a level of support dwarfing the amounts provided to any other state. It has been the largest annual recipient of direct U.S. economic and military assistance since 1976 and the largest total recipient since World War ll. Total direct U.S. aid to Israel amounts to well over $140 billion in 2003 dollars. Israel receives about $3 billion in direct foreign assistance each year, which is roughly one-fifth of America's entire foreign aid budget. In per capita terms, the United States gives each Israeli a direct subsidy worth about $500 per year. This largesse is especially striking when one realizes that Israel is now a wealthy industrial state with a per capita income roughly equal to South Korea or Spain.”

Epic phactor, all christians are adopted in jews by the jewish blood of jesus, he is our everlasting father, isaiah 9:6.

4) If a Jew finds an object lost by a Gentile (“heathen”) it doesnot have to be returned. -Baba Mezia 24a also in Baba Kamma 113b5) When a Jew murders a Gentile (“Cuthean”), there will be nodeath penalty. What a Jew steals from a Gentile he may keep. –Sanhedrin 57a6) Gentiles are outside the protection of the law and God has “exposed their money to Israel”. –Baba Kamma 37b

America is such a beautiful country ---  but honestly it is Jewish run all your congressmen either jewish or carrying dual citizenship --- they should pick sides American or Isreal   ----you cant have 2 masters,America cannot keep giving its tax-payers money   ---- to both Islamic and the Jews ---- Egypt is laughing all the way to the bank---and goodness not another war.

TMD only since 1897 when the Zionists prepared the plan to steal our land and may be few years before to show the Rothschild power and what happens when one family controls the money supplies of so for many countriesNewly-disclosed documents have revealed that the Israeli regime stole nuclear material from a US stockpile of enriched uranium to build Tel Aviv's first atomic weapons.

FISHY old bag that hurts calling me trash. You sure did last week but then you went and deleted all your posts to hid the ugly fact. you said all pales must be killed for the sake of Israel. All 5M of them living on their land

it is also made in china or Malaysia or Indonesia or Vietnam.

The Israeli press is picking up Grant Smith’s revelation from FBI documents that Benjamin Netanyahu was part of an Israeli smuggling ring that spirited nuclear triggers out of the U.S. in the 80s and 90s.

Recent attempts at muzzzlim attempt to slowly establish sharia in the US:1. muzzzlim rapes wife in NJ &amp; says sharia, based on koooran, allows him. Judge throws out arrest. NJ Appeals Court reverses the judge's idiotic decision.2. Kansas referendum: sharia law cannot be used in a court. muzzzzlim man petitions Appeals Court to block referendum. He loses.3. muzzzzlim women demand to be allowed to take driver license photo with face covered.

so we have few shmucks posting here tonight

oh and what was that cheesy TV thing? oh right the 6 MILLION dollar man, see the pattern yet?

So I learned something new tonight: mesira”, or forbidden

Read the CIA report on the 1967 war which was recently unclassified,

richard goldstone report on israels use of white phosphorous1915 - The Jewish Criterion (Pittsburgh), June 25th, 1915"The annihilation of the six million Jews now congregated in the Russian domains goes on in a well defined and systematic manner.

Israel should get a few of those U.S. Drones equipped with the Hellfire missiles, and when any Hezbollah outbreaks happen, just destroy where they're coming from, using an automatic fire control on the drones...Collateral damages?  Sure, but that happens anytime in war.

Rick the prick, 500.000 American Jews served in the US armed forces during WW2.You are a LIAR and I expose you to be a stinking bigot.FACT

so my clone just appeared

will Syria strife rip Israel  they are very close

ISHY the smelling FISHY where are lying FISHY

I have a hard line now

utube  Israel - Occult Zionism - Hell on Earth - Documentary - WW3 - NWO

utube  Israel, Vanunu and the Bomb (2007 BBC FULL 1 HOUR DOCUMENTARY)

Sam are you saying FIHSY is an old bag. So the IDF is now using old bags to spy on us. This makes perfect sense who would suspect an old bag like FISHY could be a spyMoshe "Bogie" Ya'alon = War Criminal

Is Israel a jewish state when 25% of pop are not jews

and so, it  was your Uncle H that created israel after all, just read the Haavara agrement its all there planin and simple

T&amp;M good question! for the answer you should read the Talm&amp;d (&amp;=u) and ask why is the word Talm&amp;d is being censored by Yahoo.

OMN - ƐMM - ʎɹɐʇuǝɯnɔop - ɥʇɹɐƎ uo llǝH - ɯsıuoıZ ʇlnɔɔO - lǝɐɹsI ǝqnʇnoʎ

Anna, the tragic history of your family and the suffering of the six million people brutally killed and tortured by these nzi baboons whose spawn still inhabit the Earth, is the main motivation and inspiration for all reasonable human beings to SLAM THE CRETINS.Hineni.

Public diplomacy in Israel (also hasbara) (Hebrew: הַסְבָּרָה‎ hasbará, "explaining") refers to public relations efforts to disseminate information about Israel.[1][2] The term is used by the Israeli government and its supporters to describe efforts to explain government policies and promote Israel in the face of negative press, and to counter what they see as delegitimisation of Israel around the world. Hasbara means "explanation", and is also a euphemism for propaganda.[

The Zion and their supporters have tried for over 100 years to get rid of the Philistines but we are still standing demanding justice and soon justice will prevail. No ifs or Buts.  The IDF could not finish philistines in Gaza/WB/48 land in many wars.  The more time goes by the more stronger the philistines will become.

IT IS AN ABSOLUTE HONOUR TO KILL, BOMB, MAIM, FLATTEN OTHER COUNTRIES - ON THE ORDERS of "God's Chosen People" (tm). WHAT GREATER HONOUR - than to OBEY the Jews, dance to every tune they play like the gentile b1+ches that we are, and USE OUR TAXPAYER MONEY and the LIVES OF OUR YOUTH to FIGHT WARS WITH ISRAEL'S ENEMIES.

Here is more hard proof that Rick the Prick is a bigot and a shameless liar:Jewish Americans served in the following two major wars, both of which involved the use of conscripted troops. Over 150,000 Jewish Americans (men and women) served in the Korean War. In Vietnam, 30,000 served. FACTOK Pook, I guess questions about reality aren't fair to ask you . . . .Here's an easy one for you . . . Are you impotent?

THE ARGUMENT AGAINST ISRAEL'S COLONIAL AGENDA   (Why the world, the U.N., and Obama are right). PART 2QUESTIONS AND RATIONAL ANSWERS:What is Israel's agenda.... Israel wishes continued colonization of the West Bank, the eventual removal of 3.5 million people, the continued imprisonment of 1.5 million in Gaza, and continued regional unrest as distraction and opportunity..What future does Israel wish to create.... Israel claims to want security, but by way of continued ethnic cleansing, with prerequisite hate, racism, resentment, debt, death and war.  Basically, a continued "Mideast Crisis" leading to an inevitable, catastrophic conclusion..What value is there in supporting Israel....  NONE.  Israel is absolutely NOT important.  Economically it is less than Nigeria, in world politics it is pariah, and ethically it is an embarrassment..Why so much regional unrest....Arab nations are shaking off U.S. financed dictators.  Israel's plan required Arab and Muslim populations to be subdued.  We created autocracies over the Mideast and Africa for this purpose..Why so much destruction, for so few Israelis....  The nuts and bolts of this construct are political power.  There are only 5 million Jews in Israel, but nepotistic supporters in the U.S. media fervently protect Israel and virtually control what the last superpower sees, reads and hears.  Control like this can break a politician, and has turned our democracy myopic.  Ask yourself why only the U.S. blocked the U.N. creation of a Palestinian state, and why there is not a national debate of this policy?  The disturbing answer is our media forbides it.

Bigots come to these forums, LIE, ......... and run away.FACTS makes them disperse fairly quickly.

People you should know about the blue jews

CC, a couple of evenings ago, these bigot baboons, "The Cretin Crew" ... have insulted Ishy in the most debased manner. Not only her personally but it reflected perfectly on how they view women in general. Ishy took it and paid them in kind. But it was disgusting.That is why I understand her grouchiness yesterday.If you could go back and read the insults, you would ... probably ... understand.

THUMBING DOWN ANY POST CRITICAL OF ISRAHELL - that is the JEWISH DEFINITION OF "TRUTH". Fear not, my remaining awake ZIONIST INTERNET TROLLS, the truth shall set you free, and THE TRUTH SHALL ALSO CATCH UP WITH YOU.

Furthermore, it is humiliating to have to grovel before Jew Haters formoney. Take your money and keep it or give it to who ever you want.Israel won the 1948 War for Independence with a US embargo on armsfor these people who just came out of concentration camps andhad no foreign aid. They won against 5 Arab nations anyway.

Why don't  j..ewish mothers drink?Because it would ease their suffering.

My father's entire side of the family was murdered in Auschwitz. But yaknow, the Arabs and other Muslim terrorists are doing a job on theChristians. Now, what do you say to that? Furthermore, what makes youthink Jews are going to feel about Christianity with Jew Hater overtones?

America needs to cut off all aid immediately and demand our money backThen why are you not answering my Questions and thumbing me and Judaic Down about serious threats to the America people by Israel and racist Jewish Supremacist?Its not a Joking matter you are biased or you would be saying its wrong and supporting the message.When David Duke is in Israel being praised by their government and Obama is involved in technological Nuclear espionage and theft endangering Israel surely you would be speaking out.

Israel tried for years to make peace with the Palestinians, when Israel gave land the Palestinians always responded with more violence.  Part of the Oslo and Wye accords is that Palestinians would give up spreading hatred of Jews and Israel in their Arabic media, schools, and state sponsored mosques.....so far they have only spread hatred and glorified violence.

what is difference betwen the koran doo poo and sam ?not much

Rick the prick and the other stinking bigots are here for one reason only:"Denigrate Jews" ......... but their LIES are just too stupid to sound believable.

Another zionist war criminal . . . no surprise there.

On June 27, 2012, the FBI partially declassified and released seven additional pages [.pdf] from a 1985–2002 investigation into how a network of front companies connected to the Israeli Ministry of Defense illegally smuggled nuclear triggers out of the U.S.* The newly released FBI files detail how Richard Kelly Smyth — who was convicted of running a U.S. front company — met with Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel during the smuggling operation. At that time, Netanyahu worked at the Israeli node of the smuggling network, Heli Trading Company. Netanyahu, who currently serves as Israel’s prime minister, recently issued a gag order that the smuggling network’s unindicted ringleader refrain from discussing “Project Pinto.”

No one really knows what goes on in their communities. They keep hidden from the Gentiles

what about blood sucking from new born boys. it is still happening in NYC

1905 - New York Times, November 1st, 1905"From 1800 to 1902 he caused 6,000,000 Jewish families to be expelled from Russia ..."

Sanhedrin 54b. A Jew may have sex with a child as long as the child is less than nine years old.Sanhedrin 55b. A Jew may marry a three year old girl (specifically, three years "and a day" old).

pook are u cloning me again.  or is FISHY this time

Hey cptusa, Israel and the USA are linked together for survival.  Are you not for that?  Are you an Islamic supporter?

SLAM the "cretin crew" !It is like milk and donuts !

Muslims adopt the Jewish religion, put the name Islam on it, and call it their own. And now Muslims complain when the Jews do what the Muslims KNEW they would do (according to the Jewish religion), and that's take Israel back. Ridiculous.

Now that the LIES of the masquerading cretins have abetted and the personal insults are flying, the job is pretty much done.Dim Sum time ! ......... after a 10k.

ISHY the FISHY full of hate. tell us the truth you old bag

TMD go and screw yourself. your skull must be full of brain eating parasite that left it full of excrement.

“Lord, make me an instrument of your peace; where there is hatred, let me sow love; where there is injury, pardon; where there is doubt, faith; where there is despair, hope; where there is darkness, light; and where there is sadness, joy.”

Just curious, are companies in Israel employing workers from Palestine in sweat shops. Is this true? If so, are we aware of the working conditions in these companies? How much  money are workers  getting paid and is this helping live above poverty and or move to another area if they wanted to do so? Is it true that there are segregated buses for these workers?As a country that has abolished slavery, does America want to align ourselves with a country that may be creating a new slave trade?I think Israel is capable of patrolling its own country now.Hey, supporter of Rachel Corrie who got herself killed, why don'tyou send some people to Egypt, Libya, Mali, Mauritania,Eritrea, Somalia, Iraq, Syria, and the Arabian peninsula to fightfor the right to own a Bible there or practice and preach Christianity to your 'friends'?

It was just about the time that I had begun to take a second look at the Lansky connection to the Kennedy assassination that several new works about the covert relationship between the United States and Israel were released providing never-before revealed information.These books, cited extensively in Final Judgment, made it all too clear that John F. Kennedy-before his death-was in a pitched battle with Israel. In fact, Kennedy was at war.

The Cretin Crew of merry jihadis are thumbing and LYING.I slam them when I catch them doing so.

Sovereign states can , if they opt, sign the NNPT and take advantage of the benefits of membership. Iran did, took the benefits and cheated . The IAEA proved that.Israel is not a signatory of NNPT and probably never will be. They are independent.

My girl "Natalie" is lurking again I somehow feel.Perhaps she's been assigned only as a thumber.C'mon Natalie, post something.  I won't tell on you..-S/T

The "cretin crew" of merry jihadis are funny.When they LIE, which is about all the time, they give ample opportunities to be slammed with FACTS. It is a fun game.

TMD so you answer is No.  The Arabs in 2002 offered Israel full peace for 67 land and during the past 11 over 10000 pales were killed, many more were maimed, and more land were stolen.

TMD answer my question: do you support the Pales to have their own state on the 1967 land

IT IS LOADS O' FUN KEEPING THE ISRAELI INTERNET "ACTIVISTS" (trolls) AWAKE, KNOWING IT'S 03 AM IN THE MORNING IN ISRAEL. The truth will set you free - even if you keep thumbing it down :)

what about circumcision of girls in muzzzzie countries.  How primitivePal, you trumped arab pal again.

arab pal, you're getting stale again.

Hanotea (Hebrew: הנוטע), a Zionist citrus planting company, applied in May 1933 for the ability to transfer capital from Germany to Palestine. Hanotea served to assist German Jews' immigration to Palestine as part of the Zionist movement. In a deal concocted with the German government, Hanotea would take money from the prospective immigrants, and then use this money to buy German goods. These goods, along with the immigrants, would then be shipped to Palestine. In Palestine, import merchants would then buy the goods from the immigrants, liquidating their investment. This arrangement appeared to be operating successfully, and so paved the way for the later Haavara Agreement. Connected to Hanotea was a Polish Zionist Jew, Sam Cohen. He represented Zionist interests in direct negotiation with the #$%$ beginning in March 1933.

1920 - New York Times, May 2nd, 1920, page 1" ... six million human beings, without food, shelter, clothing or medical treatment."

1911 - Fort Wayne Journal Gazette (IN), June 4th, 1911, page 15"PRINCE, PRIEST AND PEASANT WAGE WAR AGAINST SIX MILLION JEWS"

1945 - The Chester Times, October 10th, 1945"It was our very unhappy conviction all along that the responsibility for extinction of six million Jews in Europe was not Hitler's alone. The entire Christian world shares that responsibility."

236 references to 6,000,000 Jews prior to the Nuremberg Trial

In israel we laugh at americans... Good goy, good goy, you send the money, ask no questions...

Want to bring peace to the world?  How about putting a stop to the genital mutilation of children?  Think of the millions of children who would be saved from excruciating pain and permanent mutilation.

FISHY the lying old bad, tell us the truth why do you hate pales so much.NYC Board of Health outlaws ‘blood sucking’ in Orthodox circumcisions

Ha, Netanyahu and their False prophets and nations will all fall by way of the sword according to the scriptures. Pastor John C. Hagee and those that support the Zionist conquest of the Holy land need to wake up. Our great nation will be destroyed and we will be burned by God's judgement. Revelation 2: 9-11 and Revelation 3:9-17 stated that the False Jews would be known and now they have. Zionist are not the true children of God. History calls them Khazar's, Pagan mercenaries who stole the Judaic faith to subjugate others to their will and garner our support through lies and murder.They have used this ploy well throughout history but it has caught up to them and we now know the true Hebrew/Israelite's were people of color (The Children of Ham and Cush) Cushites today are known as Ethiopians, and many of the so-called African Americans brought to our country as slaves were also related to that same bloodline.It's all coming to a head now folks, and I want to see if these hypocrites and the political power that support them pay for their crimes. The Zionist, got the land through the 1917 Balfour agreement (Rothschild), and during the 1942 Biltmore conference stated their true intentions. They want the True Israelite's land, and they want the Palestinians either dead or out of there.It's a lost cause folks, and Obama and all of those AIPAC bought off politicians will pay through the nose for it. I salute Rabbi Weiss, Dr. Norman Finkelstein, and Dr. Avram Noam Chomsky fighting to save those Jews not affiliated with Netanyahu's gang of cutthroats using the media and their Washington bully pulpit to have it all their way. My Loyalty as an American and a Christian is to my country an to the true Jewish people. Iran has the right to protect itself from a WMD Zionist crazed Israel regime and they have my support.The Zionist and their racist regime must fall and the control they have over our Federal Reserve and government must end before it's to late.

1) If a Jew is tempted to do evil he should go to a city where heis not known and do the evil there. –Moed Kattan 17a2) If a heathen (Gentile) hits a Jew, the Gentile must be killed.Hitting a Jew is the same as hitting God. –Sanhedrin 58b3) A Jew need not pay a Gentile (“Cuthean”) the wages owedhim for work. –Sanhedrin 57a

"Benjamin Netanyahu appointed on Sunday a hard-line former military chief as the country's new defense minister." - AND THE US TAXPAYER WILL FINANCE ANY WAR THAT ISRAEL WANTS US TO FIGHT FOR THEM - and USA WILL ALSO PROVIDE THE LIVES OF IT'S SONS TO DIE IN WARS WITH ENEMIES THAT ISRAEL CREATES.

THE MOST INSIDIOUS AND DANGEROUS ENEMY IS THE ONE "CLOSEST" TO YOU - PRETENDING TO BE YOUR "FRIEND" WHILE LEECHING OFF YOU, TAKING ADVANTAGE OF YOU, AND WHO THINKS NOTHING OF EVEN TOTALLY WRECKING OR RUINING YOU JUST TO FURTHER HIS OWN EXISTENCE. The Jewish war lobby has been wrecking and sacrificing our national security and our relations with muslim countries for decades now - for the sole purpose of making all THEIR (the Jews') enemies - OUR enemies - so that we end up fighting their enemies - for them.

The second reason is because she is a Gentile and not a Jew. In their religion it is ok to kill Gentiles since the blood of a Gentile is not the same as a Jew.

The main reason they killed her is to scare off all other Americans not to come to Gaza. This was the main point of taking her life. They purposely did it to make sure no one else come to witness their crimes against the Pales.

"Criticallythinking  •  7 secs ago Report AbuseISRAEL'S WARS HAVE BANKRUPTED US. We are 14 trillion in debt. Over the last 40 years, they have received $30,000 for each Israeli."------------------- LIE ----------------------

@sharmootas-yoazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzes are owned. LMMFAO

Is it in the best interests for you to ignore the persecution and murderof Christians in Egypt, Libya, Iran, the Sudan before the creation of Southand Nigeria?The only thing Palestinians and the surrounding  Muslim nations, including Iran, understand and respect from Israel is the knowledge that if they start a war with Israel they will not survive it. It is especially important that Israel make it clear to the leaders of those nations that Israel will personally target them and their families. A despot and a would be bully is in the final take always a personal coward.

The introduction of religious law would turn Israel into an equivalent of Iran, Tel Aviv Mayor Ron Huladi told Yedioth Ahronoth in a special interview published Friday."A state based on Jewish law is a religious state; it's Iran," he said.

psychotics have 4 nuclear capable dolphin submarines

Oh yeah! He won't be taking any #$%$.

I don't care about the middle-east.  But I do care about what is happening in the US.  Every week the FBI catches another mouse-lem terrorist group.  arabs are establishing youth centers to indoctrinate their youth to hate America.  More arab agents arrive in the US.  mouse-lems run summer camps to teach their kids to hate Christians. People are hungry while we give billions to arabs to train terrorists to kill Americans.Stop sharia  Stop USArabia

Why do arabs lie &amp; decieve?b/c arabs can't fight like real men. Look at hamass. They shot rockets at civilians but when the IDF attacked, the brave sodiers of hamass ripped off their uniforms &amp; hid in cities behind civilans. They and their arabs here began to cry like little girlies.Maybe that's y they beat up their wives; makes them think they are real men.

There are plenty of comments for and against israel and the jews, but can someone briefly explain the root of anti-semitism to us.  Why have jews been persecuted throughout the ages?  Why did France expel the jews in 1182.  Why did christian taxpayers of England agree to pay King Edward I a massive tax of £116,346 in return for expelling 2000 Jews in 1290.  Why did Spain expel 200k jews in 1492? What are we missing?

Israel VS Israel

The "Cretin Crew" is getting jiggy y'all .... now the fun begins...

Rick the Prick, can you count from 1970 till 1973?Yet, I believe, that when you read this volume you will reach the same conclusion: that Israel and its spy agency, the Mossad, did indeed play a critical role in the JFK assassination conspiracy and its cover-up. The evidence, you shall see, is there.

11) Rabbi Yitzhak Ginsburg, "We have to recognize that Jewish blood and the blood of a goy are not the same thing." -NY Times, June 6, 198912) Rabbi Yaacov Perrin, "One million Arabs are not worth a Jewish fingernail." -NY Daily News, Feb 28, 1994

Peace will prevail only if all the Arab countries accept to co exist with  Israel.

Realitysux, how is your "cretin crew"?Growing?

ISHY the lying smelling FISHY. My question was bout a pales state and you said all Pale should be killed and Israel should not give any land back. your exact word "destroyed"

TMD go and check her posting history it is only 6 days old. She deleted all previous comments including my chat with her from last week. I will try to find my posts.GO AND CHECK HER POST HISTORY. IT IS ONLY 6 DAYS OLD. WHY DID SHE DELE?

TMD you are ignoring my question. It is simple

HOW THE IDIOTIC, MANIACAL JEWS KILLED 34 AMERICANS and WOUNDED 171:"The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two Marines, and one civilian), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship. At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish." - Source: Wikipedia

to all the pro-arabists:Post what you want. Tomorrow Israel will still be here &amp; you will still be posting lies in frustration. FACThahahahahahahahaha

Sorry Israel. You are way too humane with Foreign Arabs occupying your Native land. They don't deserve to be there. Put half of them in body bags and the other half will leave in a hurry.Zionism has become a secular political movement. But they love to use Religious Names and sacred symbols to fool religious people. But when the religious are not looking- they snicker, they scorn, they show contempt

Rick the prick, we know that the Crusades happened.Prove it!

HOW THE ISRAELIS BLACKMAILED US INTO UNCONDITIONAL SUPPORT OF THEM and their RECKLESS behavior: ""In the 1973 Yom Kippur War, Arab forces were overwhelming Israeli forces and Prime Minister Golda Meir authorized a nuclear alert and ordered 13 atomic bombs be readied for use by missiles and aircraft. The Israeli Ambassador warned President Nixon of “very serious conclusions" if the United States did not airlift supplies. Nixon complied. This is seen by some commentators on the subject as the first threat of the use of the Samson Option."

Realitysux Sunday morning when the bigots are lying about everything.mohammedan taqqyia heads.

Just before the UN voted to partition Palestine in November 1947, Ben-Gurion secretly mobilised Jewish groups inside and outside Palestine and dispatched them to Europe to purchase massive quantities of arms for the next phase: the military plan to conquer as many Palestinian villages and to expel their inhabitants.

why do all the big powerful military giants allow two #$%$ ant populations to cause the whole planet problems -kick all teir A-$4e_$ - take away their bombs and start telling them what to do before they fk it up for the whole planet -screw being nice guys - screw their religious stronghold on reality - screw them before they screw us -

Rick the prick is the latest fool in Realitysux' "crew" of imbeciles.They complete each other.

the koooran calls it teqiyyahneo-nutsies learned from goebbelsand loony left had stalin

Reading most comments here is like reading German news papers in 1930's... Unless, of course, they are posted by muslims who celebrated 9/11 throwing around candies, which they bought with food stamps.

What do arab/muzzzzzie men, neo-nutsies &amp; looney left have in common?hate democracyhate Americahate Jewslie &amp; deceiveabuse womenbelieve it's of to kill womenlike little girls (or little boys)moHamMud said ( he was illiterate &amp; couldn't write) that it's ok to abuse womenwomen are considered lower than dhimismuzzzzzis regularly beat their womenmuzzzzzies regularly engage in honor killing of womenmuzzzzzies fight like girlies hiding behind women so they kill women to feel like real men

His advice, which was secretly recorded as part of a  Channel 4’s Dispatches investigation to be shown tonight, will reignite the controversy about the cover-up of child sex abuse by religious groups following global scandals surrounding the Roman Catholic church

Pal made mincemeat out of arab pal

Truthsayer  •  12 mins agoshekkel TARD, 2/24 (no kidding), "2/24 David's latest fart had a lump in it."maybe common li'l shekkel TARD can tell us if Moshe Yaalon's LATEST fart had a lump in it too. And mahmoud abbas' LATEST farts texture, common li'l shekkel TARD can update on also. shekkelTARD has made a fart tour of the entire middle east. Then common li'l shekkel TARD can provided taste test results on their EARLIER farts as well. shekkel TARD wants me to elevate him to TURD status so he can be called shekkel TURD. common li'l shekkel TARD thinks being a TURD is promotion for him. shekkel TARD is probably right on this. I'll consider your request shekkelTARD, in time. Just keep up your fart updates and your desparate desire might be granted.__________________See li'l zios, follow and be trained by Shekel, and you too can earn a golden ribbon and be part of that exclusive "Shekel's psychological prisoner club"LoL.-S/T

POOk like Muslims now, boss man got mad at Pook since all of Yahoo hate it.  Not good for israel image...  Behave pook.

1911 - Fort Wayne Journal Gazette (IN), June 4th, 1911, page 15"PRINCE, PRIEST AND PEASANT WAGE WAR AGAINST SIX MILLION JEWS"

1945 - The Chester Times, October 10th, 1945"It was our very unhappy conviction all along that the responsibility for extinction of six million Jews in Europe was not Hitler's alone. The entire Christian world shares that responsibility."

1935 - New York Times, September 8th, 1935, page 26"The preliminary session of the first world conference of the Federation of Polish Jews being attended by sixty delegates from eighteen countries representing 6,000,000 Jews ... "

samantha keeps posting the same propaganda as other pro-arabists. Are they really the same person or cut &amp; pasting from the manual they received before being sent to the US?

What do arab men, neo-nutsies &amp; looney left have in common?hate democracyhate Americahate Jewslie &amp; deceiveabuse womenbelieve it's of to kill womenlike little girls (or little boys)The "Cretin Crew" is devoid of arguments.

The bigots will LIE. That much is for sure.It is equally sure that if I am around, I will prove their LIES with FACTS and slam their snout so hard that their snot will be flying sideways.

OPEN, BRAZEN TREACHERY OF THE SHAMELESS JEWS: "NETANYAHU has repeatedly called for the release of Jonathan Pollard, an American serving a life sentence for *PASSING SECRET US DOCUMENTS TO ISRAEL*. Netanyahu has called for his release over the course of several presidential administrations. The Israeli Prime Minister maintains contact with Pollard's wife, and has been active in pressing the Obama administration to release Pollard. Netanyahu has characterized Pollard as "a warmhearted Jew, proud and a real Zionist." - source: Wikipedia

Show those dirty brown Palestinians whats up. Israel is the home of the chosen people. Now kiss my ring.

Instead of losing thousands of lives and millions in destruction by bombing or invading Iran, give the bomb also to Saudi Arabia, its sworn enemy.  Now you have MAD (mutually assured destruction) in the middle east with S.A, Iran and Israel.  MAD has worked for decades with the US and Soviet Union.  If everyone in the neighborhood has nukes, no one will ever use them. When you think about it, what other options are there?  A bombing of Iran would be a disaster as would an invasion - both have huge cost and loss of life with no clear outcome. Giving the bomb to Saudi Arabia is risky too, but I think less so than going into Iran.

"Benedict G  •  1 min 56 secs ago Report AbuseHitler should have kept the furnace on a little longer............."Uncle Hitler is as dead as your brain cells or your sense of shame.

We are the Philistines and the great nation of Philistine is born and soon all philistines will come back home to the father land.

utube Israel - Occult Zionism - Hell on Earth - Documentary - WW3 - NWOYes the truth﻿ is hard to take for the blind . . .

should we send J Pollard to you in a box or in a bag?

teabaggers need to be concernedPeople are you noticing how these IDF Zionist agents are thumping down the posts to make them hidden. Their strategy is to hide the truth regardless of the cost even if they have to Kill an innocent person like Rachel.

All these posters who blame Israel for our economy and wars are just being haters.....Israel never wanted us to go into Iraq, Saddam Husssein never attacked Isreal until the Gulf war; he only attacked Israels arch enemy Iran.  Muslim countries in the Middle east Pakistan and Afganistan get over 50 billion dollars a year in US aid (Egypt, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority,Iraq, Dubai, Oman, Jordan) Israel gets 3.2 billion in which half are loans it pays back and the other half have to be spent on US arms. I wish these posters would stop spreading propaganda and stick to the facts.

We have the best tech in this country.Much of it is Israeli , developed for the IDF but shared with us while we contribute to the financing of the development cost. Avionics is just one example.Iran Dome is another good example.

But not everyone agrees the procedure is kosher. Certainly not the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which reported in June that 6 of 11 newborns that contracted herpes simplex in New York City hospitals over a period of 11 years were exposed to direct orogenital suction. Think about those numbers. Six infections in more than a decade may have resulted from the procedure. One of the infected newborns died, which is a tragedy. But it’s hardly an epidemic.

Can always tell who's a member of the Pro-Arab Propaganda Coalition.Their posts are always the same

Israel gets about 3 billion dollars a year and Egypt (who you just solda bunch of fighter jets to) gets 1 and 1/2. Combine that with what you'regiving the Arabs in there 23 countries and how do you think that mathadds up?

Every act of violence have been used by the Israeli enemies aiming to erase it from the map of the earth..The Israeli haters in the comments look blind at the events in the region.. Intifadas,and a 6 days war was not Israeli making ... Was provocked .. If Israel , the smal nation sorrounded by terrorist muslims nations ,retaliate to every act of terror ,,they are the warmongers....Occupy territories ,,They lost them in a 6 days war they provocked. The Sinai peninsula was given back to Egipt...Right now you see everithing quiet  because they stoped the suicide bombers and rockets...People in the comments seems to be muslims ,or the Obama,s followers who want Isrel to give back the borders ...Israel have defended themselfs for years,,but the great danger  I see is that the smal Nation sorrounded by enemies who vows to destroy it,,fall in the hands of liberals ... Let see the Obamas speaches there.. He is the liberals comander in chief... Look to the results , in Lybia,,Egipt,,and Syria...Bengazi,,Cairo,,Damascus,,,a Mess.....

1936 - Chaim Weizmann, The (London) Times, November 26th, 1936"While in Western Europe many individual Jews had happy homes, in Eastern Europe there were 6,000,000 unwanted unfortunates who were condemned to be penned up in places where they could not live. ... the presence of these 6,000,000 people without a future whose condition was a threat to Europe."

I condemn  the killing in Syria and the regime and their thugs should be tried as war criminals.

AS far as Israel occupying people they voted twice to give Palestinians their own state....both times the offers were turned down by the PA and Hamas, (under Prime ministers Olmert and Barak).  Israel voluntarily gave back both Southern Lebanon and Gaza and only received missile fire from both as thanks.  When Israel gave back the Sinai it cost them  billions of dollars in uprooting towns full of Jews and giving up oil and tourist areas (Taba) (Gebel Moses), and all they got in return was empty promises of trade and normalized relations with Egypt.Rick the Prick is a LIAR.Rick, tell us how Arafat "never" stole from the Palestinians.He really believes that or he is a committed LIAR.

Wow, so this where all the anti semites go to spew their hatred!!??!! Who knew?

Israel is our best ally in the Middle East.We depend on their tech, intel and military establishment to keep the lid on a region where troglodyte run amok, killing each other and others and who consider freedom for their women as life threatening...

Tremble everyone !The beards of Tehran launched a destroyer in the Caspian Sea, which is a landlocked lake in reality.... ;-)

allah has abandoned themwhy?they liethey killthey honor kill defenseless womenthey lie in the name of godthey perform sex acts with animalsthey even kill each other

I love it. Who here advocates murder and violence against Jews, supportsHitler and couldn't care less about their fellow Christians? They'll beknocking on your door soon, fools.

ǝɹɐ ʎǝɥʇ sɹɐıl uɹoq lɐɹnʇɐu ' lɐıɹ┴ ƃɹǝqɯǝɹnN ǝɥʇ oʇ ɹoıɹd sʍǝſ 000'000'9 oʇ sǝɔuǝɹǝɟǝɹ 9Ɛᄅ ɥɔɹɐǝsǝɹ

We never have had a "need" for Israeli avionics but since they manufacture the best , we use them daily and kill thousands of jihadi mohammedans using the tech.FACT

Good to know CC you are all for the Rape of America for Jewish Interest by racist Jewish people who openly defile Americans and steal nuclear secrets endangering all Americans.

Realitysux is pumping up his ignorant progeny, Rick the Prick and his ignorant shameless babble.The 21-year-old college student in Baghdad lost her father during the Iraq War to gunmen from a rival Muslim sect.

Why is arab pal fixated on circumcision?

Senior British rabbi filmed telling alleged child abuse victim not to go to the police

Babylonian Talm&amp;d States:"Rabbi Joseph said, 'Come and hear. A maiden aged 3 years and a day may be acquired in marriage by coition.' Mishnah: A girl of the age of 3 years and a day may be betrothed, subject to her father's approval, by sexual intercourse. ...Gemara: Our Rabbis taught: 'A girl of the age of 3 years may be betrothed by sexual intercourse.'

Stupid choice!  They should have picked the Zohan!

I'll be going to Israel soon and I will let them no the US is a 'broken reed'(what God called Egypt when the Israelites depended on them for defense).Don't lead on a broken reed, cause you fall down and may not be able toget up again. This Israelis need to cut off their alliance with the Jew-hating US.

Q: How do you get a Muslim woman pregnant?A: Dress her up as a goat.

Q. How many muslims does it take to change a roll of toilet paper?A. What's toilet paper?

arab pal, explain this quote from your koran:“The Jews and the Christians are perverts; fight them.” Koran 9:30

Maybe arab pal just can't get anyarabs/mouse-lems; what a violent culture

POOK, I like you, you hate the Arabs and Muslims more than me.  I need you to work for me.  I have a position for you in my IIDF...

The Pales under Israel occupation are living free today

or is it b/c arab pal likes little boys?  arabs do

Is it b/c arab pal can't get it up?

IN THE BIBLE/TORAH - HOW JEWS' CLAIM ON "THEIR" "PROMISED" LAND CAME TO BE: Jews INVADED Canaan and, "under God's instructions" (Deuteronomy chapter 7, Book of Joshua), *EXTERMINATED SEVEN NATIONS* in widespread acts of genocide: the Girgashites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites. They continued to commit genocide against other groups.

ISRAEL - THE NUMBER ONE SHAMELESS FREELOADER - 8.5 MILLION US$ EVERY DAY! "Since the October War in 1973, Washington has provided Israel with a level of support dwarfing the amounts provided to any other state. It has been the largest annual recipient of direct U.S. economic and military assistance since 1976 and the largest total recipient since World War ll. Total direct U.S. aid to Israel amounts to well over $140 billion in 2003 dollars. Israel receives about $3 billion in direct foreign assistance each year, which is roughly one-fifth of America's entire foreign aid budget. In per capita terms, the United States gives each Israeli a direct subsidy worth about $500 per year. This largesse is especially striking when one realizes that Israel is now a wealthy industrial state with a per capita income roughly equal to South Korea or Spain.”

mouse-lem violence occrs in US.  moHAMmud x was killed by a rival black mouse-lem group

teabaggers are concerned

Indeed. The wars in the Middle East created to current reality .Peace gave nothing to Israel. Every time they made peace, the mohammedans came for more. Now Egypt is going down. The Palestinians are divided.--------------------------ISRAEL IS STRONG---------------------I take it ishy is jew...

teabaggers are happy

Rick the prick cannot pass the muster .The imbecile comes here, spreads some lies while another bigot thumbs him up and others down and they think they are "clever" .

The Jewish dominated media has brainwashed me thoroughly to think that all germans are naz

Want to learn about the arb world? Just read the news headlines.  What a violent people the arabs are

Why do arabs kill &amp; persecute the egyptian Copts?

Can one of the pro-arabists explain why they consider us Christians dhimmis=subhumans?

ISLAMEL CAUSED 9/11. Bin Laden's fatwa against us lists Islamel as the reason.

Why would you thumbs down Judaic it is all true facts easily verified why do you not answer that CC? Because they put Americas interest and the Non-Jew$ interest before Israel and Jewish peoples exploitation of the U.S.?You ever think people like the truth and not a bunch of Zionist lies?

Rick the prick is an ignorant feuk.This imbecile would have you believe that Kissinger saved Nasser's bacon in 1973 during the war against Israel when Nasser was dead for three years already and Sadat was the Egyptian leader. A total DUMFEUK.Boiling schmaltz cannons and RPMs (Rocket Propelled Matzohs) can't be far behind.

The world is waking up and now sees the atrocities committed by Israel.  Even their false flag operations are now discovered and blame the Mossad for them.  Slavery in Israel is still today, as strong as ever.  In fact the United Nations pointed at Israel to be one of the main destinations in the world for trafficked women.  Sex slavery?  And we in the Western world just close our eyes like nothing ever happens as if someone dared to say anything about it, it was immediately tagged as antisemitism.  That bull will never work again!I say it's enough!  Those pricks need to be eliminated once and for all.  Zionists are the enemy of the world!

I have screen shots and recorded this conversation so we know that CC is biased and she could care less if Americans are endangered by Israel and endangered by Jewish racist hate doctrine.

'Yaalon takes a hard-line view toward the Palestinian.' What sort of writing is this... or is it a Freudian slip showing? Dude takes a hard-line view of the Injun?

Can one of the pro-arabists explain the concept of teqiyyah?

Reading the pro-arab lies here convinces me that we let in too many mouse-lems to the US.

Funny you guys are complaining when someone post some truth that is not in your favor but when it is being done to everyone else you seem to endorse it.I have a good Idea that you gave Judaic so many thumbs down with your own mulitple profiles CC.Judaic post True information that all people especially Americans should know about!Would you want Israel honoring DAVID DUKE?Or do your double standards only apply when in Israel interest?

You tube....."White Slave Trade in Zionist Israel - William Luther Pierce"You got to hate them!

maybe arab ally pal is also a commie

pal is looney left. He wrote: Yesterday was her 10 year anniversary and your friends were mocking her death&amp; who was rachel corey? an anarchist who hates the US.  I have no use for commies like rachel coreyIs it arab pal or loony left pal.  Doesn't matter. Made you eat sheet

Talking about rape:moHamMud married an old spinster for her $$$ while he was a highwayman robbing peopleHe later 'married', a.k.a. raped a 9 year oldHe beat her 'cause he was into S &amp; MHe told his followers to beat their wives.And they do to this day.

arab pal is wrong again.  I googled mesira &amp; it's not what the loser says

Israel needs to do a pre-emptive strike on all it's enemies and put those U.S. donations to work.

Have u noticed that none of the mouselems posting here condemned the attempt of a arab to blow up a building in the USA?And they have the nerve to continuing to post their verbal terrorism.connect the dots

But  refuse to condemn mouselem terror attempts against Americans.Could it be this loyal American is really a mouselem sent here to undermine our determination to win?connect the dots

arab pal is still getting trounced.  With backers like arab pal, the Pro-Arab Propaganda Coalition will keep losing

arab pal was circumcised but the wrong part was thrown away.

freddy is following his koran again by deceiveing.

Illiterate friends still buy your taqiyya, Ivan?  High on tequila?  Pretty tacky, Ibrahim.'Call Me Maybe'

Israel gets $3 billion in US aid .mohammedans get $18 billion in US foreign aid.FACT

And you expect the Jews to convert to Christianity?

Why the Catholic church keep electing the Pedophiles as the Pope??

American drones with Israeli avionics kill thousands of jihadi mohammedans at the orders of the US President.FACT

No one said a word to you CC you had thumbs up till you started opposing any truth being told about Israel and using multiple profiles to thumbs down.

why do jews allow the nazi nowitzki to make millions of dollars playing basketball on us soil?

Here's something interesting. Just look up "Jewish Man Exposes Israel's Lies" on you tube. Even moderate Jews call Zionism enemies of the world.

So the pisstians are angry b/c Israel is standing up to themWell, they better take some anger management counseling b/c they are going to be angry for a long time

muzzzlim 2 fold plan:terrorism against the big statan-USAarab interlopers to USA spread their propaganda while they build an islamic infrastructure, increase their pop. here &amp; build sharia through creeping islamitizationWhy don't arab Firsters  want to move back to Israel?What are they so afraid of?Actually they were sent here to establish sharia.

What did the Israelis give the US? Well when the US tried to copythe Israelis at Entebbe to release their hostages in Iran they failed becauseall of their aircraft crashed into the desert. Also, use of drones for thepurposes US is using them now is a tactic taken from Israel. Butthe Arabs love you better, so go with them to....

samantha the mouse-lem talks about Jesus. So does her koooooran:"'How shall I bear a child,' she [Mary] answered, 'when I am a virgin...?' 'Such is the will of the Lord,' he replied. 'That is no difficult thing for Him...God forbid that He [God[ Himself should beget a son!...Those who say: 'The Lord of Mercy has begotten a son,' preach a monstrous falsehood..." (Surah 19:12-, 29-, 88)

have you guys hear the song by ray charles (georgia on my mind)?well here is a song by NetanyahuI'm say iraniranA song of youComes as sweet and clearAs moonlight through the pinesOther arms reach out to meOther eyes smile tenderlyStill in peaceful dreams I seeThe road leads back to youI said iran,Ooh iran, no peace I findJust an old sweet songKeeps iran on my mindOther arms reach out to meOther eyes smile tenderlyStill in peaceful dreams I seeThe road leads back to youiran,iran,No peace, no peace I findJust this old, sweet songKeeps iran on my mind

Gee, from what I read about Christians in Muslim countries, it seemsTHEY'RE also one of the most hated people on earth, too, by manynations.

Q: Wanna hear a joke?A: Muslim Women's Rights

Egypt vigilantes hang 2 thieves in public

Journalists accuse Egypt's Brotherhood of assault

Bahrain sentences 17 to 15 years for bombing

2 car bombs kill 9 in southern IraqIsrael is just a portion to Islamist fantasies. An Islam slogan is, "Saturday people (Jews) first then Sunday people (non-Jews/us) next. Any American who is not for Israel's best interest is truely a fool who doesnt understand Islam's dream for the future.

My Friend Jesus you know the truth about Israel How did A G0Y1M like you find out?These Sub-Human Gentiles are getting smart.......

Bibi and the Obama should wait until the new government in Iran. The clerics do not want nuclear weapons, but it seems Achmadinijad did. He is gone soon. He is the one also who said Israel should be wiped off the map, not Iran. He is not popular with the public or the clerics. Perhaps we will see a directional change in Iran after the current regime is replaced. It costs nothing to wait and see. An attack on Iran will not go without response. Who can guess how many Russian and Iranian made Anti aircraft and Anti missile missiles are surrounding the nuclear sites? Who among the Iranian neighbors will give permission for a flyover attack by Israel? No no no much better to wait and see.

The west Bank, Gaza and the Golan Heights belong to Israel with Jerusalem as its eternal city! Palestinian imposters and vagabonds should be driven back to arab countries like Iran, syria and iraq where they came from to try to cause havoc in Israel.The mosque of omar that they built is an insult to Israel and one of these days, it will be razed to the ground so that Israel can fully restore temple worship. The arabs that have contaminated Israel will be driven back to their sinister and hostile nations.

The truth is, more and more people around the world are seeing Israel for what they truly are.  Murderers, liars, racist and dangerous criminals!There are between 5,000 and 10,000 trafficked women in Israel and more than 280 brothels in Tel Aviv alone.  Defend that Natalie!

•Ahmed’s wife, unhappy with his mood swings, bought him one of those mood rings so she could monitor his mood.She discovered that when Ahmed is in a good mood, it turns green and, when he’s in a bad mood, it leaves a big f*cking red mark on her forehead

West africa,nigeria lagos,agbara estate lagos.

So no answer CC just as I expected you endorse it being done and you endorse America being exploited along with a racist Rabbi that degrades gentiles.So your admitting your using multiple accounts to thumbs on top of being a bigot?I know we have several people here so no one is running multiplies but you I guess

We give the arabs billions of $$$$.  What do they do with the $$$? ask arafat's widow

TRUTH ABOUT ISLAM - THE IMMORAL THEOLOGYImagine if someone robbed people because he never got an education &amp; was illiterate.Imagine if someone married an old woman and stole her $$$$Imagine if the same person raped a 9 year old &amp; beat herImagine if the same person married over a dozen womenImagine if this person signed agreements &amp; broke themImagine if he taught that it is good to lie, cheat &amp; murder to spread his ideasNow imagine he said he did all of the above because he heard a voice in his head, no miracles in front of thousands of people just a voice.And imagine he said the voice was Gabriel the angel, not even God.Just read that the father of attempted islamo-fascist bomber faces charges.The danger is not only ingrate islamo-fascists who we let &amp; they plant bombs.The real danger is the islamo-fascists who post here and try to deflect from the danger that the islamo-fascist pose. Their goal is two-fold:1. blame Jews &amp; Israel for the criminal acts against Christians in Asia &amp; Africa &amp; the ongoing terrorism against the US2. make us lower our guard as islamo-fascists becomes moles from within while they establish sharia, all under the guise of PCLet's send these ingrates &amp; their neo-nutsie &amp; loony leftys to Iran...from a B52

The U.S.S Liberty, the Levon affair, 9-11 with the dancing Israelis aka Mossad agents, Beirut Marine barracks, October 23,1983 the bomb used was the same that Israelis used during that time. NEVER FORGET!Who is the real enemy?

I read that most of the pro israel posters GIRLS.

God said to hagar: ishmael will be like a wild #$%$.AND the descendents of ishmael are like a wild #$%$.

Keep USA

God said to Abraham: Listen to Sarah; send hagar &amp; ishamael away

•	Will Syria's Strife Rip Lebanon Apart?•by Hilal KhashanMiddle East QuarterlyWinter 2013, pp. 75-80 (view PDF)•	•••	The assassination of Lebanese security chief brigadier general Wissam Hassan on October 19 has rekindled fears of renewed confessional strife in Lebanon. The anti-Assad opposition quickly blamed the Syrian regime for eliminating one of its foremost Beirut opponents while enraged demonstrators took to the streets to demand the resignation of prime minister Najib Miqati.[

America and isreal are brothers in convenant...will always be...salom.  cathycommy.

to samantha: refute this"Believers, take neither Jews nor Christians for your friends." (Surah 5:51)

these arabs  attacked the USS Coleand attacked the Marine Barracks in Lebanon and the army barracks in Saudi Arabia.  And we give then billions"Israel has also been named as an offender in the annual U.S. State Department‘s Trafficking in Persons (Tip) report, which condemned the Jewish state for not fully complying with the “minimum standards” to eliminate sex trafficking.According to Canadian journalist and social activist Victor Malarek, “newspaper ads from modeling and employment agencies promise exciting jobs, but the women are duped… They must submit, or they are raped, beaten and tortured. There are between 5,000 and 10,000 trafficked women in Israel and more than 280 brothels in Tel Aviv alone. It is a human rights issue the Jewish community knows about".Ok you pro Zionists defenders, argue with that one!  Imagine your daughter being kidnapped and sent to Israel to be rapped and used as a sex slave!The truth is, Zionists agrees with slavery as it's a part of their evil religious belief which they teach in Israel called the tal@mud.The Zionists are world class criminals and nothing more.

Everyman say you said you dig hole in ground, go in, and put finger in butt ditch, why you do that?

Egyptians in south clash over president's (morsi) visit

I like jewish girls!

stop USArabia

Bahhhhcause, they are Gods Chosen and can do as they wish!

I'm bahhhhhhhd, I'm bahhhhhhd, you know it!

I give birth to the Puke...

I love israel, they kill Palestinians and I love blood, I need it for the mortar in my wall, their bones, I crush and make bricks...  I love israel...

My mother is an israeli.  She chew foreskins of Palestinian babies whole live.Any person that tell you something and tehn says "FACT" is an obvious liar...  I am one I know...  God Bless israel the chosen among the beast to be human.  Death to all goy or cut my grass.

Pook, does STOP HATE still make you run with semi stiffy?

The British weekly draw me, you like?  I am apartheid wall built with the bodies of the Pali's....