Please, keep Rachel and Zoee safe and free from harm.  And let law enforcement rescue them from this difficult situation.   Rachel and her lovely 4 year old deserve a chance at life.  If anybody sees them, please call 911 immediately.

He's Violent, jobless, recentley divorced, and desperate, and on the runall the makings of a bad situation going really bad. I hope the policecan get to 'em and get that little girl and her mom out there quick.

This doesn't sound good at all. God help them if they're in trouble.

Is it really wise for the media to report her texts for help and such?  He may kill her now if he reads a story like this.  Not smart.

Find them quickly, before it's too late!

Why is there no picture of the suspect?  It could help someone to spot him.  Otherwise, this is a real well written and informative story which I hope produces a break in the case.

This doesn't look good- multiple "stressors" in this man's life; he seemingly has "no where to go", which could mean to him, "nothing to lose." He will probably kill her unless they're found quickly.

Where's his picture?

heartbreaking

This doesn't sound like it will end well.She was found with her X and he is the father of the child.

May the Universe grace them safe return to the people who love them.

How scary!  May God be with you.

Where's his picture?

Praying for them!

Where's his picture?

You know maybe we need to start  having our prospective spouse go through a psychiatric/drug/alcohol  evaluation before we marry and have kids with them.  Too many of these nut jobs con unsuspecting people into getting married, having kids and then show their true sides.

May God protect them!!! Women in these situations need some training and a concealed carry permit. On second thought all women and men need to carry!

Any punk who hits a woman should be arrested and stay in jail for at least a year, NO exceptions and the next time should it happen again 10 years automatically NO exceptions

Gee - publishing that she has sent cryptic msgs to her husband and police is certainly not a good thing if her ex is involved and sees that she did... Not a smart move at all by the press - shocker...Hope there ok, God bless you both

It has been proved now that it was a hoax, and the mom is in jail.

Pray - God with all the hate and evil in this world, we need you now.  The devil is at work again...

Another violent man.

Yes tell him where they are and what she is driving.Tabloid news sluts at their best.

My prayers that they are ok.  Always have to read so much sadness.  God Bless them.

GodBless them with a safe outcome. I'm sure there was an Amber Alert issued.

where 3 or more are gathered in prayer so shall  Jesus be may our prayer be heard and save their lives dear lord....Amen

prayers for thier safe return.so sad.

..as per usual...republican misogyny.......we all know that men like to fight!  when a woman fights she is entering the man world!           for me i told my new son-in-laws if he ever hits my daughter, kids or no kids his butt is gone.... i will feed him to the hogs!  i don't play games!!

She was found safe and unharmed and is now being charged for faking her kidnapping

Hoping for a happy ending!!!

I really hope they are found soon!

u just told the violent ex-husband that she told her boyfriend she's not ok. now he knows she'll use any means to communicate with someone about her situation first chance she gets. i think the media just killed her and her kid

Missouri - The Help Me State

another republican...denying the ..Liberty of a Woman.........

...another GOP soldier...in the republican War on Women.......

..and republicans ..opposed, Voted NO, Voted Against...the Violence Against Women Act, ..opposed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act...and republicans are held responsible...for traumatic experiences of this Woman and child...

some choice David Alan Coe lyrics come to mind here...Marriage,misunderstanding,anger,abuse,divorce--life is full of thorns.where has love gone?

We can get a CCW in the state of Mo. She has a history of being an abuse victim so I wish she'd been carrying...he might think twice before he abused another woman if she'd shot him in the groin!

DEVON, if you're reading this, realize the outcome of letting them go free is waaaaaaaaay better than the outcome of harming them....in this world and in the next. It's NEVER too late to make the right choice. God Bless You Devon.

that's very bad god help them an help the police as well to find them. amen.

Good thing she had that restraining order, they are so useful!

You'd think maybe a picture of the ex-husband would help here?  Geez...

Umm Duh!!  Of course she's in danger.  She's been in danger since the minute she went missing or was kidnapped.

Another Dem violent man.

If these two are found dead or never found at all the blame needs to be put squarely on the shoulders of the media.  Our right to know does not out weigh the right of these two safety.  How stupid can some people get!!  I hope their family sues the pants off them and wins.

Just put out a story that he will be tortured if he fuxx up. I volunteer for the part where his eyes are plucked out with an extra small flat head screwdriver a bit at a time. And more of course.Who cares she is ugly and fat and the kid looks #$%$