Average guy does a bad job  -  get out!  Don't let the door hit you in the a   ?CEO that does a lousy job.  Oh, well,  you're one of us and here,   several million for just coming to meetings.Of course,  that is what we do in America.  We reward even criminals (banksters) who caused more pain for America than any group ever

not as much as one of the outgoing CEO's of home depot received (over 200 million)It used to be the average CEO in America only made, on average, 50x the average worker.   Times have changed!  Money has been drifting to the top for a long time now so good bye middle class!

$20 million payout for an incompetent CEO responsible for bankrupting a company? He doesn't deserve even 20 cents.

Yes there is or was a change to bankruptcy laws.  AMR is fully aware of the fact that this would be an issue with severance.  Since AMR is no longer the sole entity involved because of the merger, did it occur to anyone that perhaps the airline that is flush with cash that isn´t in Chapter 11 is probably floating the finances for the severance?  Yes.  There is legal issues if AMR does it, but there is nothing illegal about it if the money is coming from USAir group.  20 million dollars to USAirways is nothing.  It doesn´t even put a fraction of a dent in their finances.

I oppose it too specially as a stock holder. The severance should be no more than a 2 month average based on 24 months of pay.

$20million for running your company into the ground?  Hey, I'll be happy to take over for just a million.  Where do I sign up?

mgmt say's we really have to keep our labor costs down.we just can't compete.somebody skims 20mil off the top. the stock is still trading in the pink sheets.never seen this before. i thought we were bankrupt.

It's just one big Ponzi scheme.

Have we not learned any lesson from Wall street debacle and CEO pay out?

Take that money and pay bonuses to all the workers at AA that took pay cuts while the execs paid themselves bonuses for doing nothing.