Mobu Gutu: him say no war crimes should be brought against Clinton, Bush or Obama either.

Absolutely senseless!!

So 1200 people get massacred after an election 6 years ago and now in 2013 they have a peaceful election and the 1200 are forgotten? It's like they're saying "Hey everybody, look, we've cleaned up our act. Can we drop those pesky murder charges now?" The crime remains, and those people don't get a second chance. They're still dead.

I'm glad to see that you support war crimes tribunals for Bush and Obama. Don't forget Clinton and his massacre of women and children at Waco.

this must be the change the kenyans are  yearning forHomeUnfiledRadioAccount Edit My ProfileEmail AlertsEdit PasswordLogoutLog InE-Mail AlertsSubscribeClassifiedsE-EditionHYMAN: Obama’s Kenya ghostsComments (115)Size: + / -PrintShare on facebookShare on twitterShare on google_plusone_shareShare on redditShare on linkedinShare on stumbleuponShare on emailMore Sharing Services ByThe Washington TimesSunday, October 12, 2008Ads by Google2013 GRE Not RequiredSearch Accredited Graduate Schools. Without a GRE Requirement - Apply!Masters.CampusCorner.comFollow Us OnFacebookQuestion of the DayDo you think the budget cuts at the Pentagon are hurting our military preparedness?YesNoUndecidedOtherView resultsCOMMENTARY:About 50 parishioners were locked into the Assemblies of God church before it was set ablaze. They were mostly women and children. Those who tried to flee were hacked to death by machete-wielding members of a mob numbering 2,000.The 2008 New Year Day atrocity in the Kenyan village Eldoret, about 185 miles northwest of Nairobi, had all the markings of the Rwanda genocide of a decade earlier.By mid-February 2008, more than 1,500 Kenyans were killed. Many were slain by machete-armed attackers. More than 500,000 were displaced by the religious strife. Villages lay in ruin. Many of the atrocities were perpetrated by Muslims against Christians.The violence was led by supporters of Raila Odinga, the opposition leader who lost the Dec. 27, 2007, presidential election by more than 230,000 votes. Odinga supporters began the genocide hours after the final election results were announced Dec. 30. Mr. Odinga was a member of Parliament representing an area in western Kenya, heavily populated by the Luo tribe, and the birthplace of Barack Obama’s father.Mr. Odinga had the backing of Kenya’s Muslim community heading into the election. For months he denied any ties to Muslim leaders, but fell silent when Sheik Abdullahi Abdi, chairman of the National Muslim Leaders Forum, appeared on Kenya television displaying a memorandum of understanding signed on Aug. 29, 2007, by Mr. Odinga and the Muslim leader. Mr. Odinga then denied his denials.The details of the MOU were shocking. In return for Muslim backing, Mr. Odinga promised to impose a number of measures favored by Muslims if he were elected president. Among these were recognition of “Islam as the only true religion,” Islamic leaders would have an “oversight role to monitor activities of ALL other religions [emphasis in original],” installation of Shariah courts in every jurisdiction, a ban on Christian preaching, replacement of the police commissioner who “allowed himself to be used by heathens and Zionists,” adoption of a women’s dress code, and bans on alcohol and pork.This was not Mr. Odinga’s first brush with notoriety. Like his father, Jaramogi Oginga Odinga, the main opposition leader in the 1960s and 1970s, Raila Odinga is a Marxist He graduated from East Germany’s Magdeburg University in 1970 on a scholarship provided by the East German government. He named his oldest son after Fidel Castro.washingtontimesnews/2008/oct/12/obamas-kenya-ghosts/#ixzz2Nu6DVHux

even the kenyan are looking for change???Initially, Mr. Odinga was not the favored opposition candidate to stand in the 2007 election against President Mwai Kibaki, who was seeking his second term. However, he received a tremendous boost when Sen. Barack Obama arrived in Kenya in August 2006 to campaign on his behalf. Mr. Obama denies that supporting Mr. Odinga was the intention of his trip, but his actions and local media reports tell otherwise.Mr. Odinga and Mr. Obama were nearly inseparable throughout Mr. Obama’s six-day stay. The two traveled together throughout Kenya and Mr. Obama spoke on behalf of Mr. Odinga at numerous rallies. In contrast, Mr. Obama had only criticism for Kibaki. He lashed out against the Kenyan government shortly after meeting with the president on Aug. 25. “The [Kenyan] people have to suffer over corruption perpetrated by government officials,” Mr. Obama announced.“Kenyans are now yearning for change,”he declared. The intent of Mr. Obama’s remarks and actions was transparent to Kenyans - he was firmly behind Mr. Odinga.Mr. Odinga and Mr. Obama had met several times before the 2006 trip. Reports indicate Mr. Odinga visited Mr. Obama during trips to the U.S. in 2004, 2005 and 2006. Mr. Obama sent his foreign policy adviser Mark Lippert to Kenya in early 2006 to coordinate his summer visit. Mr. Obama’s August trip coincided with strategizing by Orange Democratic Movement leaders to defeat Mr. Kibaki in the upcoming elections. Mr. Odinga represented the ODM ticket in the presidential race.Mr. Odinga and Mr. Obama’s father were both from the Luo community, the second-largest tribe in Kenya, but their ties run much deeper. Mr. Odinga told a stunned BBC Radio interviewer the reason why he and Mr. Obama were staying in near daily telephone contact was because they were cousins. In a Jan. 8, 2008, interview, Mr. Odinga said Mr. Obama had called him twice the day before while campaigning in the New Hampshire primary before adding, “Barack Obama’s father is my maternal uncle.”washingtontimes./news/2008/oct/12/obamas-kenya-ghosts/#ixzz2Nu5Erh6LFollow us: @washtimes on Twitter

So has the reporter investigated what led to disappearance of many witnesses? Is the reporter going to investigate the trail of dead bodies? A case collapsing for lack of witnesses does not necessarily imply the accused is innocent!

You can't have one law for Kenyatta and one different law for Bush and Cheney.

wonder what hand   Barack  and  his  brother  have in this ....hey  America  -  time to step up  and  another countries  political battles -  that  WE  Really  couldn't  get  a sh...t  less about ...

Is Kenyata a socialist, TOO?

the court should have charged those with greatest responsibilities..kenyatta was not running for any post thenBunch of GREEDY people!!

How about charging perpetrators of war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan? Some people say they are untouchable. Could somebody please explain this to me?

Obama and America are silent on this because it is KENYA - Africans supporting Africans to commit murder and atrocities and crimes against humanity - And he is still the President... Its like a Family thing there and clearly Africans do not have the capacity to grasp what democracy is, like Arabia they prefer Kings and Princes.

Obama's long lost brother, the family is ripe with scandal and lies. Why don't they all go back to the trees.

His 1st cousin in Barack Obama Kenyatta.  You can see the family resemblance.

the international criminal court is yet to charge anyone with the deaths of ten of thousands of South Africans during apartheid. what a sick joke the UN and it's ICC are! this man is not a favourite of the neo colonialists. these neo colonialists won't let Africans be independent. if he is such a criminal, then why is he so popular?the sooner the West stop their ill interference in Africa, the better for Africansand do not bore me with the belated talk of "AIDS" to developing nations, they come mostly from stolen African wealth stashed in Europe and America!

USA should stop with interfering with Kenyans politics,it is very gravious idea of playing evil card in the darkness.

90% of the comments on here are ridiculous...Doesn't anyone know about the maxim "innocent till proven guilty". And he wasnt running for any office in the previous election that led to the violence...Raila Odinga and mwai kibaki were. ICC is just a political tool. Kenyatta doesn't need Obama's congratulations. US has no moral authority to advise Kenya yet they refused to sign the Rome Statute themselves. Spare Kenya the bad-boy tag and get your house in order first.

Does anyone know why Yahoo has been pushing stories about Kenya lately? Who cares

Kenyans did there own vadict recently,therefore ICC should not be used as rubber stamp to prevent Kenyans to make their own choice,kenya is independent state which fought for independence and should use same principle and shun division from ICC.Fatuo Bensoda should live regarcy in ICC by being Africanism but not puppet for the west.Does this guy control any Oil in africa? that may determine his fate like Obiang in equatorial guinea? ever hear of that guy? o and he's been claiming he's been dying of prostate cancer for the last 25 years.................LMFAO................

if UHURU KENYATTA has to go to the Hague then BUSH should already been have hunged, uhuru did not rape anybody

Given the amount of problems the US and european countries have, dont you think it is time they took care of their business and leave african countries alone. everyone knows that the cases are trumped up as the US and UK try to impose their trumpet in power...too bad it aint going to happen

The court itself is a criminal organization without any legitimacy, only an agent of murderers. The main people nd governments who committed crime against billions of people are not tried, british who strangleted billions in many nations with their divide and rule

Kenyatta is well known by us Kenyans very clean and it is why we elected him .ICC IS fake according us and we tame it as a political tool we will never trust it anymore

Boy obama gained some weight

what do you mean largely peacefully, election was very peaceful... just admit it. no news there

fredrick-obama and several western personalities support raila not that the fellow is the best but african countries are guinea pig...lab material.they would like to see an adventurer at work.kenyans need change but no to coup detat.there is so much ethnic disparity in kenya that need to be bridged.

The prince of the air hve removed all the comments

These guy really know how to get away with murder.And where sending them are tax dollars to do so.and the USA is yet to condemn boko haram in Nigeria which have killed tens of thousands of Christians, rather it is gloating over a pardon for a petty thief. no sympathy nor relief materials for the Christians killed in Northern Nigeria from "God's own country", they rahter sympathise with the murderers and blame Southerners for being hardworking and resourceful (which essentially is a threat to the USA).