Obama's itinerary didn't include a round of golf with Bebe and Abbas?

Most Israelis and Palestinians have figured out that Obama is nothing more than a campaigner loaded with promises and no substance.

Hey-- he looks a lot like that guy in the Bible movie.

Waste of tax payer money,,,,,,,AGAIN!

Just another wasted trip, Obama knew before that nothing would be solved...

can't figure out why he's going, he clearly doesn't like Jews in general, and Israeli's in particular.

Nothing more than a vacation and photo op.

Hey, Obama  -  you need to fix your own house  ( America )   before trying to fix the World ....

i hope they dont ask his advice on how to run their country.....

No substance, all symbolism.  Business as usual.If he comes away with a 7 year peace agreement, start hoarding food.

2012 BBC Poll: ISRAEL'S GLOBAL IMAGE PLUMMETS - Israel ranks among states perceived to have most negative influence on world, according to BBC poll; only Iran, Pakistan do worse, Israel's image hits nadir in Europe - Published: 05.17.12, 01:21 / Israel NewsIsrael is ranked third among nations perceived as having a negative influence on the world, the BBC's annual poll shows, indicating further decline in the Jewish state's global image.Only Iran and Pakistan did worse than Israel in the survey.The poll, undertaken between December 2011 and February 2012, encompassed 24,090 respondents worldwide. Iran took the unflattering top spot, again, with 55% of respondents saying is has a negative influence on the world. Pakistan ranked second (51%), with Israel and North Korea tied for third place (50%).Last year, 47% of poll respondents said Israel had a negative effect on the world.According to the latest survey, only 21% of respondents view Israel's influence as mostly positive, the same figure as last year. A favorable change in the West was only recorded in the United States, with 50% of Americans saying they view Israel in a positive light, compared to 35% who said they view the Jewish state in a negative light.

Didn't take him long to back down on visiting the dome, what? Why no mention? Is AP afraid they'll embarrass the democrats? Once a woos always a woos, ever seen him throw a ball?

With any luck, he'll stay there.

His job should be at home working on the economy. This trip seems to have little purpose.

Ambassador Michael Oren said that the scrolls were "written 2,000 years ago by Jews, in Hebrew, in their homeland, the Land of Israel". . . . . . Or they could have been easily fabricated just a few years ago for all we know. Oren obviously doesn't know much about Scripture. The Jews (Judah), occupied Judea, their capitol was Jerusalem. The people of Israel occupied the land of Israel, and their capitol was Samaria. This is where the phrase "Good Samaritan" comes from.

Just for thought, we spent 2.2 trillion dollars in ten year for Iraq war and another 60  billion  dollars for reconstruction and the whithouse cancells the easter egg roll for our kids at the whitehouse.Iraq's people don't even know why we are in their country.Iraq is not in trouble this country is in trouble. We need to hold these poitical people acountable for this waste.Not to mention our young people lives.

obama going to israel to give a speech, what exactly does that accomplish

Is this a meeting of religions, Jews and Muslims? Maybe just a meeting of allies, at times it's hard to be sure.

Impeach HimImpeach Him

His feet will hurt and burn on wholly grounds

Obama's entire forte is symbolism, and not an ounce of substance to go with it.

This is just a Photo Op for Obama and nothing more .

The Charm offensive on parade. I'm quite sure the Israelis will see this for what it is.

He's always high on fluff, low on substance.

Do they have a budget in Israel?1.420 days and we still don't.

Beware the smooth talker and the out stretched hand as the hand behind the back is the one that will get you.

Maybe he could work on the national Budget during the flight back home.

If they are smart, they'll ask to see his hidden college transcripts..Photo of BIG EARS and BIG LIPS.... Could not have done it better myself..

will he visit the WMD stockpile?

yahoo likes O- balls with koolaid!

Don't make any derogatory comments of Obozos visit...  yahooSS is on high alert!

"Obama's viewing of them will convey a message to the world about the Jewish state's deep roots in the Middle East".  The only message that need be conveyed comes from Holy Writ  wherein we find that God chose the nation of Israel and gave them their land.  Scripture informs us that standing against Israel does not bod well for folks/nations.

Quack, Quack, Quack

don't hate nobody , but  wish o-bum-a would  away , i didn't vote for him an don't like him

Since when did they start the PGA tour, in Israel?

Another day of smiles and lies while he gets ready to throw them under the bus.  This is getting to be so predictable.

Only God will be able to settle that mess in the middle east.how many millions of dollars will this trip cost....just to accomplish nothing, no peace talks ....this trip is a "diplomatic signal" codeword for trying to make obama look better....this trip is a sight-seeing vacation that obama would never have taken on his own money

So now the POTUS is a "cool tempered" steely eyed master of International politics..who write this #$%$ !...David Axlerod...Puke Me !

true to form, obama skirts issues and delivers talk.  all hat and no cattle.

Those people care less if Obama there, just another spin on air force one.

OBAMA IS A MUSLIM LOVER !!!

Symbolism over substance. . .isn't that what prog/commies do??

I laugh when i read that Hebrews lay claim to the land of israel because the Bible says they are the chosen ones. The Bible was written by Hebrews, if the Bible had been written by Polish people they would be the chosen ones.

Now, just what the HELL does THAT mean "Obama's Israel itinerary skirts settlements but not symbolism"  - making the US look really STUPID, YET AGAIN!

BO doesn't like Israel -- hates them.  And he's still a coward about it.Dems -- what were you thinking -- only your pocketbook -- when you re-elected him?

Looks like he could have mailed in his visit and saved the moneyCount on this. . . .the people of Israel are not as blind to Obama as his voters in the United States. He IS transparent to them. Did he bow to anyone yet????

search,...references to 6,000,000 jews prior to......

There is a movie on TV that shows that Obama is Satan.

10% of the Israeli approve of Obooma....This could be a very productive trip for  Biden...LOL

Just another vacation for the guy on that bible show on history channel.

Neutral is sooooo safe and cowardly................Make NO mistake, when things get rough ,he promises "to support the Muslims"............

More posturing and photo ops for  the empty suit

while obama is in Israel, our treasury secretary barely got his seat warm, when he jetted over to China..tells me US is very concerned as to the financial structure of China - if china goes into economic downturn US will too.....china is that important it seems. hmm diversion is part of polictial control of situations.  been done for ages....hope it works

Why is he "embracing Jewish history" He doesn't know a thing about it. This is one big   photo op.

what is the difference! the jews are not stupid! they see right through this moron! don't these journalist or whatever you call them think before they present an article."Obama's Israel itinerary skirts settlements but not symbolism"Well you can't expect more from a POTUS that is all about the symbolic gesture now can you? Big hoodie no homies.

I cannot imagine the countless times I have tried to endorse this Obama guy, but for the life of me (and as a democrat myself)  I cannot find one solitary reason why I should support him.    He is a horrible president and the records of the future shall state that very fact.

If Obama is playing nice, have a care, he wants or needs something from you!!

Well this is pretty damn nice, the president and the vice president out of the country !  No wonder nothing ever gets done in Washington !

Dude's just going through the motions. Symbolism is all you can expect from an empty suit.

The settlements are the main problem, just more israel stealing Palestinian Land.  Look at a map of the change since the 40's and see how much land they have stolen no imagine YOUR neighbor was stealing YOUR land.  Sadly we keep sending them billions a year which causes us problems with Muslims for supporting them.

Israel is supposedly America's "ally". I always thought that being an ally was a two-way commitment but apparently not in this case. The US taxpayers give money and weapons to Israel but don't get anything in return. The Israeli's even have the right to copy the weapons technology and sell it to third parties. Israel regularly spies on America and stole nuclear weapons technology from the US. Israel attacked the USS Liberty and killed American sailors. America is obligated to backup Israel with blood and money if and when Israel gets into trouble such as if they attack Iran. On the other hand, Israel has not and never will send their soldiers to defend America. Search for "Wikispooks Israel 9/11" to read more about America's "ally" in the Mideast.

...I guess the "anti-Christ" symbolism doesn't fly well in Jewish and Muslim regions...?...

"Some in Israel smart at the fact Obama took this long to visit"  Perhaps returning all the foreign aid Israel has received over the past five years will help soothe their poor bruised egos.

After his visit to Egypt , the Muslim Spring broke outWhat will be the "season" that occurs from his visit to Israel?... I suggest the Israelis think it more like" flu season", with this foreign contagion on their shores.  They are not deceived by ObamaSymbolism is all this president has. He's a joke to these people.

Obama is nothing more than a President that loves PHOTO-OPS and vacation areas for Michelle............want leadership???? Don't look towards the U.S.A. we have a loser that thinks he's the "KING" and a 1st Lady that thinks she's the "QUEEN"!!

Mideast peace by giving F16s to his muslim brotherhood pals

"The United States says the land should be part of an independent Palestine."As long as the U.S. keeps pushing Israel to give up her land, God will not bless this nation.  It's as simple as that.Palestinians need to have a place, and Jordan was set aside for that when Israel was established by agreement of Britain, who governed "Palestine" then, and the UN.As for the so-called "disputed lands", had Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, and Egypt not attacked Israel in the first place, they would not have lost the land.  It was taken as a spoil of war, in which Israel was NOT the aggressor.  But true to prophecy, she will never again be destroyed, so the other nations need to mind that.

This is all a play down to calm the Israelians...this is it, folks.   Using this method to kill two birds in one stone.   Come on, the people can see through you, Obama.

To move on with my point, when it comes down to it, its Briton’s fault, they didn’t care if they were hurting the Arab or the Jew back then, they just didn’t care!  They let a bunch of illegal European Jews move to Israel without the permission of anyone really!  It was the UN’s fault too!Honestly I think that giving the Jews their own territory just because they were up for annihilation in Europe was a huge mistake. I would never ever move to an area that I didn’t know well enough.  We should have let the European Jews just come and live in the USA instead of sending them to Israel!  We probably would have treated them better than those Europeans!  Maybe we wouldn’t have treated them perfectly, but hey its America, it’s a melting pot!European Jews did not know their way around Israel very well, and there were radical Arabs that did in fact want them dead if they got anywhere near their houses!  Beforehand it was easier for Jews and Arabs to get along, and now it’s not so easy anymore.   What the heck happened?So now we got a huge issue with many Jews still coming over to Israel, who also don’t know the land very well!  Stay the heck away, Israel isn’t a European country!  It’s a Middle Eastern country surrounded by Middle Eastern temperament with Middle Eastern radical groups!

Jewish only settlements are apartheid.

If were the Jews I would till this piece of sh....it to go home.

Was that a shoe they threw at Obama? Bwhahahahhahaha!

hussein lies to the world,,,, doesnt even like jews,, he is a muslim,,obama sux

Obama is Worthless to all except Muslim Terrorists.

I suppose this story is newsworthy.  I'd say it is a pretty safe bet that it is no surprise to anyone who has been paying attention.  As much as it annoys Likudniks worldwide, President Obama is holding to the long-standing US position that the creation of a Palestinian state is the desired outcome and that the US does not in any way support the building of settlements in the occupied territories.  Oh, and he hates Bibi's guts.  Just sayin'.

Someone should ask Obama what he thinks of Israel's "Joshua-Crow" laws

Before this happened though, in WW1 after the genocide of the Armenians happened, the League of Nations decided to give Armenia their own state since they were still in grave danger from systematic annihilation.However the only way they were able to get a state of their own was to be sucked into the Soviet Union with the other Soviet countries.  In fact if the Soviet Union did not suck Armenia in, there would be no Armenia today and it would all be Eastern Turkey.  Turkey broke the agreement of course and took over more than they were supposed to and after Armenia got sucked into the Soviet Union, everyone in the West went from supporting an Armenian state, to supporting Turkey and going against Armenia, and for what?  Because Armenia was now a communist nation?Guess what Turks, Armenians are still very Christian, being under Soviet rule only weakened their economy, not their religious values!

The West Bank , IS Israeli Land ! and so is The Gaza !  And Obamas onlyt there to give Lip Service to the Palestinians and Snub Israel ..

Good luck with his 10% approval rating in Israel !

He's been skirting everything else....has never had a real job....has lived off this country and received his education from us taxpayers...he's a six faced liar....and he offends me to no end....and the lowlife and only the lowlife voted for him that he constantly panders to....

the good LORD said that was his and no-one can change that......Israel is the gleam in GOD's eye.

DATS our little Hussein...I wonder if they will discuss all the fighter jets the Muslim gave the Muslims?Obama is the same color as a stink pickle

Folks, have you noticed that ANYTIME HE might spark CONTROVERSY HE backs off DOESN'T WANT TO GET BLAMED FOR ANYTHING!

What's New 0webama's Been Skirting the Important Issues in the U.S. for 4+Yrs. Now.....

Let it be known around the world that OBAMA wears the SKIRT in our country.

Obama despises Israel deep down and he proved it when he even embraced the idea that Israel should go back to it's 1967 borders. Netanyahu shot him down rightfully so and Obama has backed off ever since.

OBAMA - - Long on symbolism; Short on subatance.

Another JOKE of an add by Yahoo!

President Barack Obama will embrace Jewish history while skirting the morass of West Bank settlements==================================================================Guess the boy is trying to get a handle on his anti Israeli stance....I guess that much is commendable?

Obama will only be thinking and facing Mecca while he is there.  First priority of a Muslim.

I wonder if the Israelis know Obama's full of s&amp;$#. Or has he fooled them as he has 51 % of Americans who get a check from the government.Will Barry O still visit the Temple Mount? Or did he wimp out?

Obama will probably blow off the trip @ the last minute becasue Kanye invited him to his Crib

As scripted as this is, bet he finds a way to go off script and praise Islam and slam Israel.

Just buying time for his buddies in Iran.... gotta insure they supply Hamas with a functional weapon...

there will never be peace on this plane..........damn those snakes

Herzl, the Hitler of his time.

the devils going to gods land

Been to Israel?  Palestinians ARE allowed to come into Israel and work, Israelis are NOT allowed to set foot in Palestine.  Crossing through the fence is like going from a middle class neighborhood to a low class one.  Israel supplies electricity &amp; water to Palestine.  The Church of the Nativity has holes in the roof, but they love to have tourists come there and spend $'s.  Driving around you see irrigation, green houses and lush green productive farm land where the Israelis control the property and dry desert where the Palestinians, Jordanians or Syrians are in charge.  Palestinians in Israel are citizens, have businesses and are treated with respect.  It's only the Palestinians that live outside of Israel that seem to be unhappy.  Israel is only the size of New Jersey, defending that small of a land area against modern weapons is a huge challange.  Some of you have NO CLUE!  Emotion beats reality again!

Israel has NEVER recognized Palistian land and won't...One of Israel's major reservations in regards to granting Palestinian sovereignty is its concern that there is not genuine public support by Palestinians for co-existence and elimination of terrorism and incitement. Some Palestinian groups, notably Fatah, the political party founded by PLO leaders, initially claimed they were willing to foster co-existence depending on the Palestinians being steadily given more political rights and autonomy. However, in 2010, even Fatah leaders such as Mahmoud Abbas refused to recognize Israel as a Jewish state,while the leader of al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, which is the official Fatah's military wing, publicly disclosed Fatah's "ultimate goal" to be the destruction of the Jewish state, and that Abbas would lie about recognition of Israel following "Zionist and American pressure" for "political calculations" as one of the means to achieve the aforementioned goal. In 2006, Hamas won a majority in the Palestinian Legislative Council, where it remains the majority party. Hamas has openly stated in the past that it completely opposed Israel's right to exist, and its charter states this. Following the release of Gilad Shalit in 2011, Abbas praised his capturing by Hamas and reassured the Arab public he would "never recognize a Jewish state".........................

Another vacation?Obama's an anti-Semitic bigot.

There is no palastine just refugees from other arab countries trying to overthrow Israel. No matter how long arabs lie about that it wont change history or the truth

Obama's talking points are empty!  As the working people wake up, and get the facts, they will find that the Dems are all hot air, and Obama, the would be emperor, never had any clothes!

Moses was going to part the waters for Obama but he divited the last hole and was stuck in the sand trap.

This visit sounds more like a tour/vacation. Take your golf clubs.

for this useless visit,it cost taxpayers millions. way to go democrats.

To all.....pls. do not let any ID CHIP OR ANY CHIPS; this is a way of them to control you, guys.   This is not,  God's ways.   India...and so on...wake up......they are trying to implement communist...can,  you,  guys get it?

O vomit knows more about morass then any other human being on the face of the planet because it starts with the top of his head and goes all the way to the end of his toes. Can we talk Iran into nuking Israel when he lands over there, thereby ending his reign of terror? Can you imagine the look of O bidens face ?

by helicopter he'll see that the area is mostly all desert

Do they have any nice golf courses in Israel?  If not, this will be a complete waste of Obama's time.He is not going to the praying wall. Maybe a good thing, he might turn into a piller of salt i wish, or feel God hand on him. Say what you will about Israel their people are all armed and ready to fight for their country as we where once.

If he truly wants peace for the palestine people, walk the streets and greet the people, or better play a round of golf on the west bank.....

Obama is trying to pretend he's not pro-muslim...

After all is said and done, Obama has said more than he's done.

now that obama is in isreal maybe he will go visit his muslim buddies in the gaza (terroists) maybe play a round of golf with them in the minefield ??

Of course Obama will "skirt" the issue of settlements...should we expect any less from this puppet???  The settlements are the most provocative factor in the conflict, and the money that finances them is lifted from American taxpayers. What amazes me is the sheer resiliency of Zionist propaganda:  the Machiavallian pirates seed western media with empty declarations pertaining to "Israel's fervent desire for peace" while they are simultaneously planning more illegal settlements on stolen Palestinian lands.  The entire world recongizes this scam for what it is, but here in America the Jewish-dominated mainstream media circulates a series of crude lies about the conflict that posits---among other things---that the poor Israelis---with the world's 4th strongest army---are somehow long-suffering victims of a civilian population under seige and without military recourse....no wonder the rest of the planet ridicules American stupidity...

The ANTI-Christ visits Israel. The Bible warned us this would happen.

America once had Johnny Cash, Steve Jobs and Bob Hope. Now we have Barack Obama, no cash, no jobs and NO HOPE.

Obama way, skirt the truth, rule by talking points.

bin laden is a para stinkian hero. They love him. How about youEwwww....this fool is still our president....hits the snooze on his HOPE and CHANGE alarm clock and rolls over.

I heard they got into Clintons computer about what happen to our 4 men  said they send to a lot of different countries  I think some real truth is going to come out soon

Israel is activity engaged in more war crimes. Israel needs a visit by forces that can arrest it's war criminals and bring them to trail. The foundtion of soicity is adhearance to law.  Israel history of crimes against humanity, is not something the world should endure.

OBAMA - - Long on symbolism; Short on subatance.

there is goes again. I type tal_mud, my comment gets deleted. fu yahoooooooooooo

Why won't O- speak at the Knesset ???  The king has no pants!

Why is Obama wasting time in the Middle East?  We have our own issues at home.  Stop foreign aid, bring our troops home, and let the rest of the world deal with its own problems.  We have our own issues at home we need to deal with, and we certainly do not have enough money to keep policing the world.

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, passed three years ago with President Obama saying it would not add one dime to the federal deficit, is now projected to add $6.2 trillion to the deficit and inflict severe cuts to Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals and physicians.When Obamacare passed in March 2010, many Americans believed they would soon receive the same lifetime healthcare benefits as every member of Congress, and without incurring additional costs for themselves, their families or their businesses. The truth, however, is the Government Accountability Office (GAO) anticipates the Obamacare entitlement program will place a heavy burden on the U.S. economy, which currently has a national debt of $16.7 trillion.According to the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), a conservative think tank, patients and their physicians are going to feel the full impact of the costs associated with Obamacare, and not only by adding $6.2 trillion to the national debt, but in ways that are far more tangible to families, and especially senior citizens.Senator Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.).In his analysis of the GAO's report, Chris Conover, an adjunct scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, notes the current law already requires "Medicare to slash physician fees by 25 percent next January (under the Balanced Budget Amendment)." He adds that by 2030, Medicare payments to physicians will be 60 percent less than payments received from patients who have private health insurance plans.Likewise, Conover shows payments to hospitals that provide services to Medicare and Medicaid patients will be paid 61 percent less for procedures than payments from private health insurers; and physicians eventually will be paid 74 percent less under Medicare than private insurance."First, cuts of that magnitude will create huge problems of access to care," Conover said in a statement to The Christian Post on Friday."The Medicare actuary projects that 40 percent of Part A providers will be operating in the red by the year 2050. No facility can operate in the red year after year after year. So many of these facilities will close entirely, meaning patients will have to travel longer and farther to get care. This will disproportionately hurt low-income patients for whom transportation barriers are an issue."

Michelle isn't going because they're not known for lobster there.  And she doesn't care for mazda ball soup.

Obama has to travel by helicopter 'cause  he can't use the "Jewish only roads"Never understood the interest this country has in Israel. They've got nothing to interest us, why are we unconditionally helping them is beyond my level of comprehension. There are many nations around the world that DO HAVE THINGS THAT WOULD INTEREST US, but we choose to ignore or make enemies out of those countries.

Seems to Work &amp; JOBS in the HOLY LAND!

Why would the president even want to visit this apartheid state??

Obama--as usual, all show and no substance.

Stay in Palestine, you muslim puke.

The only reasom for the Muslim African Queen's visit is to give Iran more time to build their bomb!

Here is where the shuckin' and jivin' gets me nervous. Just like when he told the Russian pres. to tell Vladimir he would have "more flexibility" once reelected, what deals contrary to the interestsw of the US will he make?

Mr. charmer w/his lies again, folks.   I would not trust any wording coming out of this "it"  mouth.

our dear leader and the court jester, joe biden are both out of the country, leaving the USA rudderless, oh well, we have been rudderless for more than 4 years now.

Kick his Soros butt Bibi.This Obama's good press tour FOR HIMSELF at the taxpayer's expense and waste of our money, we KNOW your sentitments, for your entire life you went to an anti semetic church for 20 years and then ran your Presidency telling Israel to give back the border lands before '67, get the heck home, stop wasting our money, you're the worst form of a fake.

Barry, its time to return to your job at the History Channel.

Obama gives weapons to the muslims and gives Isreal a Symbol... What is up with this idiot...

I hope they keep him!

It is NOT a requirement for the President of the United States to be in agreement of Israel's policies!If Obama does not like their policies so be it! I actually admire him for his integrity!

What, Obama thinks...is to turn the world on communist...this the bottom line, and it needs to be stopped.

ObamaPhone has Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on speed dial.ObamaPhone blocks calls from Benjamin Netanyahu.

How will they know if it is really him or Satan?

Does this president ever do anything that helps???  He's only created divides where ever he goes and then doesn't address any issue until it's way too late...The world will be way better off when he's gone...

Perhaps Israel can rid the USA of our problem and their problem, all at once.We should nuke you people. Look at all you self absorbed arrogant !@# holes, spitting at our president and country that has given you every last thing that you have, including your country's very existance. You spy on us, attack us, kill our people, and kill people in and attack people in every country around you. You start wars with the zionist #$%$ that infiltrate our government and media. You are as racist as any country out there. The world would be better off without you and your people. All we do is protect you people and your country and you return the favor by insulting us and attacking us. If you were "wiped off the face of the map" as you like to lie to us endlessly about the Iranian president saying, and repeat over and over to us in our infiltrated media, that would be the best thing for the entire worlds people.

For security, 0'blamer will be accompanied guarded by Israel Bond, secret agent oy-oy-seven.

obama should just send dennis rodman to ask them to stop fighting,,,,rodman would get better results

George W. Bush was the best friend Israel ever had in an American President. That speaks volumes.

I guess with Iran 1 year away from having nukes its time to swoon Israel before you send them off to do your dirty work.Too bad its a lame dog and pony show, even they deserve better than that!

Just another world tour for him.

What's an itinerary skirt and does Obama wear them?

then a new king....who did not know...

All the man does is smoke and mirrors.... Nothing substantial.., Nothing significant, Just a waste of air....

Obama like Congress has been bought off by the Jews.Don't believe then go look at House Resolution 268 voted on by Congress on March 14th. There is no voice of justice for the Palestinians in the American government.Why is a lukewarm reception confusing to the media??? Obama has spit on Israel at every chance and has supported those that have the stated goal of doing them harm.

America apologizes to Isreal for obama being such a weak leader.  The weak leader was re-elected by low information voters and racist black voters that obama gave freebies to.

Embrace? Oh yea.. he'd like to embrace us alright. If he could open a few death camps, embracing us with razor wire, he'd do it. My Dear Israel, this demon means you harm..

lets see what kind of smoke he tries to blow up thier a  ss

the radical jews are causing the problems,they are the violent settlers ,they are the superstitious cult members that claim the land is theirs and they are chosen over all others,they murder in gods name with no remorse ,they are not modern day jews they are as insane as any radical muslim and they have access to nukes..

Do you see all the liberal ANTI SEMITES on here? Their ignorance blinds them from seeing how similar they sound to Hitler. What a shame!!!

Michael Oren, Israel's ambassador to the United States, said that the scrolls were "written 2,000 years ago by Jews, in Hebrew, in their homeland, the Land of Israel".What is most ironic is that DNA evidence suggests that the Palestinians are descended from those very people.  They may have converted over the centuries to first Christianity and then Islam, but they are still the descendants of the people who occupied that region in ancient times.  The Zionists, on the other hand, are Europeans who have had no contact with the region for 50 or 60 generations.Who then has the better claim?  The people who have lived there for centuries or the people who have lived in Europe for centuries?

Google search "president psycho"

That was mighty black of him, why didn't he tell them that the US would kill all the Palestinians for them and they could expand to Syria, Jewish History no such thing only Jewish poop

We have no hope of coming up with the right answer until we ask the right question.  The correct question is this:  Did the Arabs travel half-way around the world to attack European and American Jews in their homes, OR, did Jews travel half-way around the world from Russia, Poland, and New York to attack the Arabs in their homes?The right answer to that question answers all questions between Islam and the US/Israel.No American should lend his name or presence to those illegal settlements.  The only thing America or its people should do is to fund their destruction and the deportation of the criminals inhabiting the settlements.

Obama was raised to hate Jews. His father and his pastor were both Jew haters.Now he's trying to repair the damage he has done.

Boy! The Obama hate mongers are out in force.

Will he make a swing through Benghazi on his return trip, now that Al Kinda has been decimated?

Last time President Obama went to the wailing wall this time he should go to the Apartheid Wall

"Ok enough with this diplomacy bullsh_t, LET'S GOLF" - Barack Obama to Benjamin Netanyahu, 20 March, 2013

The Jewish theocratic state wants the US secular state to affirm what theythink is a divine right.

As it says the dead sea scrolls were found their on the west bank "written in Hebrew" by the same people who are in control their now. Move the new people to Gaza and let them have their country back Gaza. They can also be free to move to Egypt, Syria, Lebonan if they will be offered status.

Israel cannot throw stones about the palestinians as BOTH sides are guilty of war cromes against humanity..BOTH sides have fired on civilians that were NOT attacking them..BOTH sides are pretty much the SAME coin.Obama had 4 yrs to go over there, but did not..It is not lkike he did not have tiome, what with ALLhis vacation time and many MANY TV talk shows and such that he was on.

Of course this article was written a by a Jewish or zionist. it was only committed to praising and luring US funds into Israel so that they could continue carrying their illegal occupation and murder. Nazism in 21st century? oh yeah, clearly!The American government and media is a zionist occupied territory.

Has anyone investigated where is our American $$$$$$$$ and why the budget has not been done yet?   Is our $$$$$$$ is missing?

Another article by the zionists for the zionists. Now come Hasbara and the Israeli Internet Defense Force to flood our comment boards.

What respect can obama give, do or say to the Jews? He is the biggest hypocrite and lair the world has seen since Hitler and they know it! He is a mockery of what the USA stands for! Freedom! All the while he is trying to dissect and tear apart our constitution!!

What the heck does Obama know anyway?  he doesn't read the Bible, does read the Koran,  ignorant in so many departments.  Israel do not listen to this idiot

there is no palastine........only Israel.

Your brainwashed Ignorance is their Power.

"Israel, I will bless those who bless you and I will curse those who curse you".G-d

The "Palestinians" are given more financial aid per capita than any people on earth, but have done nothing with it except indocrinate their children to suicide bombing and firing thousands of rockets, mortars, and missiles at Jewish civilian schools, hospitals, villages and towns. The Hamas Covenant calls for holocaust and ethnic cleansing of the Jews in the ancient Jewish homeland. Financial aid should be cut off to these barbarians and sent to aid the poor in Africa instead.

Ovomit....the ultimate Expectorant...and voted for by the same puke...It just keeps getting more and more absurd.

Simply put, we should never have fought another battle after WW-II. I am a 67 year old retired cop and Vietnam veteran from the US Navy. This country is headed for a huge crash if we don't start thinking of our grand children. It is impossible to continus having 51% of America living of the work and energy of 49%.

Bob and weave, B.O.  Watch out for flying shoes.

Our president doesn't need to be in that #$%$ of a country. Israel and the people who make up the country are no friend to the U.S..

We have Black month, women month, breast month on and on. What about the white people that built this country month?

JERUSALEM is the JEWISH Holy City and historically first time we even hear about it is.......  in the Bible. IT BELONGS TO THE JEWISH PEOPLE!! The entire land does!! Historically, King David was first person to establish a kingdom inside the land, and he was a Jew. Go figure. The muslim holy city is mecca which is located in their HOMELAND of Saudi Arabia. THIS is where the arabs or "palestians" come from! Their peoples started to migrate to the land of Israel in 656 AD after Caliph Umar led the muslim army into Israel and captured the capitol of Jerusalem. Do not believe the liberal lies. They know nothing of history and like Hitler, only want a reason to hate and destroy the Jewish people. They side with the terroists who like them, have the same contempt and hate for the Jewish people. It is shameful.

I find it interesting that the POTUS will not be going anywhere that was captured in the Six Day War. that alone sends a message that He wants the terrorists to have all of the gains Israel made in 1967 to be returned to those that lost, and to create the worlds first divided capitol that itself alone will become a spark for another war at some point in the future.

The scrolls in question are NOT the Dead Sea Scrolls.  Known as the Qumran Texts, several of them are more than 3,000 years old.  Obama is not our leader.  He is our disgrace.

The Israelies have no need for the Corrupt, Fraudulent, &amp; Dangerous Drone King....What was the Percentage of Israelies who like him &amp; his agendas?.....7%......

"Skirts settlements".Translation from Demacrook bull-chit to English: He ain't gonna do nothin' as usual. Just another photo-op for our downgrader in chief.....Who in the United States said the West Bank land should be part of an independent Palestine?  I certainly don't believe that- Arab nations should each give some of their land to the Palestinians if they want an independent Palestine.

sounds like kicking the can...ignore reality...but...he gets the country's presidential medal of distinction...wowowowowoweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

If President Obamas skirts settlements on the Israel and Palestinian side during his visit then the purpose of his visit is a promotion of Israeli interests and a media circus.  Definitely not an investigation of the substance of the Israeli/Palestinian conflict or the two state solution problems and alternatives. Very cute, but a useless waste of time and resources!

Somebody outta Skirt him Upside the Head...........Opppps upside yr heed...Haaaaaaaa

There is no such nation as “Israel.”  Israel is just a euphemism for the European Jewish occupation of Arab Palestine.  This occupation must end, peacefully if possible, and by force only if necessary, but it must end—soon.

as far as i am concerned, he can stay there and biden can stay in rome, forever

What do you expect from a double talker?

Wow Obama how do we fix that Country I hope they don't take your advise or there will be two Country's going under; Remember you will not talk them in to taking your Illegal's They are much smarter than you , they didn't smoke pot like you did in School; We want to see your report card Loser !!!

ISRAEL IS ONLY IMPORTANT IN THEIR OWN MINDS.  They are our worse enemy, as they create terrorists, control our politicians, push war, and bankrupt us.  all enabled by a Jewish controlled U.S. media that can create a "controversy" in a moment.  That scares our politicians.  WE ARE NOT FREE.

"Palestinian protesters defaced scores of pictures of the U.S. president during scattered street protests on Monday." I wonder when these people work. All time  I  see the news I see multitudes of them are  protesting on the streets. Who feeds them?.I hope His Royal Highness enjoys himself on his first trip to our most important Middle East ally in four years..

"The helicopter hops will limit Obama's exposure to ordinary Palestinians."Because the White House staff know what the Arabs would do to Obama if they ever get within lynching distance.

Obama's view of the so called jewish history in Palestine when he made his speech back in 2009 is absolutely correct. Off course their presnce there stemms from the so " Hollw Ghost". Prior to 140, there were no jews in Palestine. jewish history is embeded deep in Poland, Russia, the Ukraine, Moldova, Hungary, Britain, France, Spain, Austria, The us, Austarlia., Iran, Morocco, Yemen, Ethiopia and I would argue Egypt but never Palestine. All jews are foreign invaders and illegal aliens in Palestine. The genocide and atrocities they've been committing against the indigenous people of the land mirrors what the KKK did to blacks during Americas dark history. It is a stolen chapter from the N  A  Z  I  S  and South African apartheid government book on evil and ethnic cleansing. Obama is not going there to solve anything, he is going there to pledge his unconditional support to the perpetuation of the zionists terror campaign. What a shame.

No more "aid" packages for no reason for isn'treal. Those filthy, self chosen slugs should be giving US aid packages for fighting and funding all their wars. Go get em hamas, do your stuff!

jerusalem satan is coming

The racist “Church” Obummer went to for over 25 years preached hate regarding Jews. Does anyone really believe Obummer is going to be any more honest with Israel than he is with the rest of us?

He's just hiding out over there avoiding doing his job here.

Its not enough to divide America with hate. Now he branches out to the rest of the world.

Watch out for Bulldozers mister President, Rachel Corrie was an Amrican as well.

Um: "he appeared to argue that the legitimacy of Jewish sovereignty in the Middle East stemmed from the Holocaust "  So- the author thinks when the Brits left and the Israelis created an independent state and was immediately recognized by Russia and the U.S on the same day as just some random coincidence? C'mon...Wonder if Obama will bow to the Jew as he did to the Saudi prince?

We must be nice and not offend Israel or they will stop giving us aid.  Wait, WE are the ones giving them aid.  $Billions every year!  W 'd F?

Good idea president Obama.  Take land away from our allies and #$%$ them off at us, so that they will no longer listen to us and probably start a war, that way we can give the land to people who hate us and deface pictures of you.  Very wise decision.

don't take a good look around.you may see what the israeli government is really doing.

How convenient that the US President will be "skipping over Israeli bulldozers, security barriers and military deployment in the territory."  If you're going to a disputed territory, at least SEE and listen to both sides, instead of being "limited to ordinary Palestinians" whose homes have been "captured"! Talk about looking the other way and avoiding the gross reality!

More US government hypocrisy for all the world to see !!

An agreement between both sides would be nice.

Of course Obama will "skirt" the issue of settlements...should we expect any less from this puppet??? The settlements are the most provocative factor in the conflict, and the money that finances them is lifted from American taxpayers. What amazes me is the sheer resiliency of Zionist propaganda: the Machiavallian pirates seed western media with empty declarations pertaining to "Israel's fervent desire for peace" while they are simultaneously planning more illegal settlements on stolen Palestinian lands. The entire world recongizes this scam for what it is, but here in America the Jewish-dominated mainstream media circulates a series of crude lies about the conflict that posits---among other things---that the poor Israelis---with the world's 4th strongest army---are somehow long-suffering victims of a civilian population under siege and without military recourse....no wonder the rest of the planet ridicules American stupidity...

Obama shouldn't waste his time visiting Israel. Israel is a violent, bigoted, worthless nation that relies on American tax dollars. Any Israeli diplomat should visit Obama, in Washington, on his knees.  Obama treats Israel the way it deserves to be treated: with skepticism and moral outrage.

they know obama is an (A)(s)(s) hat over thereHe's about five years too late for this visit to our only REAL ally in the Middle East!  Never listen to someone's words, but pay VERY close attention to their actions.  Obama's actions speak loud and clear as he continues to support Islamic militants with OUR tax dollars, as early in his first term he found plenty of time to go on his "apology" tour, and as he ignores the continuing and growing threat of the Muslim brotherhood---all as he and his liberal-progressive cronies continue to divert attention to the REALLY big issues in this country: his golf game with Tiger Woods!

judging from the news reports it looks like the great one is going to find that all the money given to muslims hasnt bought him any good will, how will he handle upstart muslims trying to show him who is in charge, after all he has done for them. why ill bet he blames the ill will on Bush

WHEN WE TAKE BACK OUR MASS MEDIA, we will be free.  We are force-fed Israeli talking points because our media is owned by Jews loyal to Israel.  Time for a revolution!  FIGHT TO FREE US FROM ISRAEL.

Isn't he the Devil, I think I saw him on "The Bible".

Not all Americans support a Palestinian state.  Christian's actually support Israel, like this country once did, because we follow God and He tells us He will bless those who bless you and curse those who curse you.  Guess where we are?  So please, Yahoo, don't lump us all together.  On a side note, Obama probably shouldn't start talking about a larger Palestinian state.  You know why they're insistent on the name "Palestine?"  To infuriate the Jews.  That's what the Romans called Israel after they conquered it.  It's offensive to the Jewish people.

obama is a muslim he cares nothing about Isreal;he prefers it to be destroyed !

What history? The israeli nation is a bizarre mishmash of different people from different countries, different races, with different nationalities, different languages, different cultures, different Understandings, different attitudes... whose religion is the only thing they have in common.          A group of people who are coming from Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Finland, Poland, Ireland, Sweden, United Kingdom, Spain, France, Italy, Germany, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Iran, Iraq, Turkey, Pakistan, India, China, Thailand, USA, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina...A group of people who have no roots in the region.They claim that 2000 years ago a handful of Jews used to live there so it belongs to Jews.According to this stupid logic If you don't have a land and a house, you can convert to Judaism and you will be given a piece of land and a house in israel, Because Palestine belongs to "Jews". (Zion logic)

Wealthy Jews kill Palestinian men women and children for their organs so the filthy jew can live to count a dollar another day

mr president go back home and enjoy ur tenure in the white house cuz clearly u bring nothing new to the region. wen u grow a pair and have sumthing new and constructive to offer then by all means do come otherwise #$%$ off

He's clueless. kept in office by the lamestream media. put him on the golf course and keep him there for the mext 3 &amp; 1/2 yrs. he does less damage that way.It would be best if Mr. Obama stepped off Air Force One, shook hands with Bebe then slapped his face in front of the world. Israel is badly misbehaving and could really use a slap before the rest of the world punches her.

Why is my government willing to fund support and defend Israeli expansionism and provocation ??  What's in the deal for the majority of Americans ??

How about ending Foreign Welfare to Israel and other foreign aid recipients?  And why shouldn't the U.S. President speak about Israel's construction of Jewish Settlements?  Either show you have some guts Mr. President or go home!

Obama will skip the Jewish only luxury condos in Jerusalem and on the West Bank that immediately identifies Israel as an apartheid State.

To the mindless #$%$ Obama haters on this post, know this. No matter what he does isn't good enough for you, but I will say, knowing the Israeli's, I don't know what is gained by the President going over there. He has caved to the Israeli's jsut as every other US President has done since they stole the land from the Palestinians in 1948. George HW Bush was the only President with guts enough to tell the Israel's, that we don't have the budget to send billions of $$$ to you. Guess what, HW was a one term President because of the stand he took.

Obama should know if he read the bible the the people from Israel will return to their land and this is happening right now for more reason he has to agreed with Israel to keep their land.  This president need to be with Israel or we are all in trouble.

this trip is sooooooo transparent as to its intention.... to placate American Jews for the democrats.....  He should not be allowed to go to Yad Vasheim.....  he cares little for the people of Israel.... those who died and are commemorated there would have been citizens of Israel.....  hypocracy has reached a new level in this administration......

Dan Williams does a pretty good job of distorting reality for Obama's benefit.  Dan mentions housing projects while avoiding Obama's funding ($1.4B) of the Palestinian rocket program.  Dan points out the '67 borders but fails to mention Obama's ridiculous comment concerning them.The Praetorian Press

"he appeared to argue that the legitimacy of the Jewish state stemmed from the Holocaust rather than an attachment dating back to the Bible."  What is that???If this was the case, then Israel should have been founded in Lower Saxony and not in Palestine.

maybe the terroist will get rid of OBOMBO, I hope-I hope-i hope.The the Palestinians should see him as an improvement over Bush .

During the 2012 presidential campaign Obama said he wanted to spend more time on symbolism and less on substance. He is fulfilling hs promise.

I wonder if hes bringing his golf clubs???

Obama towing the aipac and zionaziline. Absolutely sickening

obama... worst president ever

He's going to show support for the Palestinians and slap Isreal in the face, this is really bad for America. The world will think that America has turned it's back on Isreal when in fact Americans have'nt.

Barry Sorento is Muslim, its in his nature to hate Christians and Jews.

Obama should be prepared for the usual list of demands and ultimatums from Nut-n'Yahoo. He never lets up. He also never listens,so there is no point in every saying anything to him. God Bless the US. America first not Israel First.

he has no good intentions for israel only the palestinians. he isn't even man enough to speak at the knesset or visit the holiest site: the wailing wall. it shows what kind of character he has...none.

Palestinian Apartheid is disgusting. The "Palestinians" burn desecrate and attack ancient Jewish holy sites throughout Israel but this is played down in the lib media. The Hamas Covenant calls for ethnic cleansing of the Jews of Israel but this too is played down.  The Palestinian leadership says Jews will not be allowed to live in a Palestinian state. All this is swept under the rug by the lib-controlled pro-Palestinian press.Lip service from Obama. He will do to the Israeli's what he does to people here - feign caring about their plight while he is there but turn his back on them later. How can anyone trust someone with no integrity. Wonder how they feel about the muslim brotherhood's F16's in Egypt.

The Iran situation is the sticky one. What is Israel to do? Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said time and again that his goal is to destroy Israel from the face of the earth. If Iran is getting close to having a nuclear warhead that can destroy Israel, what choice does Israel have but to attack Iran before they get the device built?

I think the U.S Government should give Israel 7 trillion dollars in aid to help them build up their schools and housing. It will also show that we are still friends with them.

Another biased Israel-bashing article by Reuters. The Western Wall is not just a "prayer plaza". It is one of the most holy sites of biblical Jewish Jerusalem because it faces the retaining wall of the holiest site in Judaism the Temple Mount where the Second Temple stood as well as the First Temple for 700 years going back as far as 1,000 B.C. The Dead Sea Scrolls written in Hebrew more than 2,000 years ago in Judea is not in "occupied land", it is part of the ancient Land of Israel. Any person with common sense knows there never was a nation called "Palestine" and that Israel is Jewish territory not just based on religious past but also by historical and archaeological fact.

keep this idiot pres. on the golf coarse, he is an embarassment to this country everywhere he goes

I always wondered what lame duck presidents do with their time......now I know.

Hey Criticallythinking, I have something else I want to force feed you.

the United States says the land should be part of an independent Palestine, that may be so to ob and the editor but not the people of America

Who invited the Commie chump to Israel anyway? It sure wan't Netyanyahu. Bibi has already said he thinks Barry is an evil satanic POS.

Lets all embrace Jewish history:  attacking US naval vessels, spying on the US Govt, killing teenage girls with bulldozers, cold blooded murders of women and children in Palestine, theft of ancestral lands, They have been killing people who don't agree with them since Moses came down from the mountainDeuteronomy 27.17:  "Cursed is anyone who steals property from a neighbor by moving a boundary marker."  How are those Israeli settlements, that keep popping up on land Israel agreed was Palestinan, sounding now??

but it took about 400 years for English and Irish people to stop shooting at each other. Perhaps, in few hundred years something like this will happen between Israeli and Palestinians. Meanwhile, it would be better if our President concentrate on a rejuvenated   Islamic extremism in places where it is winning.

Its horrible that when Obama say's something the whole country is viewed but alsohow can he go to their country saying its deeply rooted and tell them were theyshould or shouldn't live.

@ Night Shift - On around the world the issue that you think may look to be loaded with promises and no substance, reflect apon a larger scale, you diffenitly need a lesson on Obama's everyday American issue of Getting it done "Sir or are you a mam"? Becuase American's truely get it done ! ~L4L~

Praying he does not go to the Temple Mount.

I hope Obama sees what we cover up here on Yahoo, every settler is a terrorist.

With so many in need in our own country, why do we need to give so much money to Israel?

America would wipe the Palestinians off the map the first time rockets crossed our borders.  Obama should back Israel and show that our tolerance is spent with the middle east and the scourge of islam.

How is going to visit the Church of the Nativity? perhaps the Israelis will blindfold him until he is inside?

Bible prophecy is being fulfilled!Mr. President " Obama "You are the Man . It is a time where you can make History again .  Political Deeds Count More Than Words . Justice shall prevail .God Bless America.We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creatorwith certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.

Obummer needs to realize that we need Israel more than they need us.  If he pushes for division (which is his main agenda), we will have division in the U.S.  As Jerusalem goes, so to will America.

Legitimate by virtue of the gun.

“Israeli forces have sprayed Palestinian homes in the village of Nabi Saleh with raw sewage as a punishment for organising weekly protests against the Apartheid Wall built on occupied West Bank land. Human rights watchdog B’Tselem published a video showing Israel’s armoured tanker trucks fitted with “water cannons” which spray the foul fluid at Palestinian protesters.

NWO,"Be not deceived; Godis not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.

Richard, They were forced to defend themselves.  The people the fight have no moral ground.  Your comments may be right, but if your family was always under threat of attack, would you not kill to defend them?  I am not Jewish.  Nor am I muslim.  The facts are the facts.  The Palestinians would have their land if they did not fire rockets everyday at Israel. So tough &amp;%$#!

Hey Obama, and all his followers that laughed when he mocked the Lord God."Be not deceived; Godis not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.

Amazing...another front he is unable to provide leadership on. The 'nothing' presidency.

Its like being shallow and racist through symbolism.

Skirting the settlements is not a political statement against Israel. Social justice set don't delude yourselves once again. Wars, Tar sand goop, genetically engineered crops coming out our ears, wars...gee, I wonder why our marvelous president is not going to the outlying  areas?israel need not this obama and he can stay at home and help  people for jobs and much money

Israel please keep him there.   he does notting for us but he does and give's you guy's money,protection,support something that the u.s never had from him.

oh look Hitler has come to Israel

Can we end the charade Israel? Just go right ahead and commit a quicker Genocide on the Palestinians. The US will not allow intervention. Your slogan for the holocaust is "Never Forget." I guess doing a holocaust to the Palestinians is your way of not forgetting.

Yeah, that's the picture of a contemptible Negr0 and two used rags.

and I think these top commenters are paid shills. yahoo censoring commenters gently

If he only cared about us, he would not have time to take care of someone else’s business. We need help more than anyone else; Obama has big talk like most want a bee’s

He is supposed to have people there to do this "talking". Every time he flies, it costs us hundreds of thousands of dollars. Save the budget? He wants to be one of the most travelled Presidents - ever. He should stay in the white house for the next 1015 days, and scew that up.

It's Palestinian land, a lot of it.

Will OBAMA even address illegal settlements and the zionazis 300 plus nuclear weapons? Sad to see that Aipac and israel are controlling another presidentMeanwhile, two-faced obama is supplying Egypt (Israel's enemy) with funds and arms.He cares about the Jews about as much as he cares about the middle class here inAmerica.

When it comes to Israel, Obama failed big time. We preach justice, democracy and human rights all around the world but then we allow Israel to steal Palestinian land, import fanatic jews and build settlements on stolen land. All of this is supported by hard earned US taxpayer's dollars.

What an embarrassment to have this unqualified community agitator parasite with no business or military experience disgrace the "presidency". Welfare + food stamps + govt assistance + race &amp; class warfare + compulsive lies = votes for this hypocritical manbaby.SCREW U BARRY SOETORO!

"Every time we do something you tell me America will do this and will do that . .. I want to tell you something very clear: Don't worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America, and the Americans know it."Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, October 3, 2001, to Shimon Peres, as reported on Kol Yisrael radio.

Obama is a P O S,  nothing more,,   unless you are an ignorant black person or an illegal, then he is a god

Obama you need to stick to the issues of protecting Israel not your OWN agenda! We do not need a president for a Traitor of America. Israel is a Holy State protected by God. Obama you do not fear God because you think you are god. A short life here on earth 70-80 years we all look eternity in the face after this life. You are making a choice to be separated from God for eternity and being in misery or you can make a choice Obeying God who created all things on earth in earth this world and many others. Do the right thing and protect Israel...

Is he selling them Obamacare too???  Good luck taking their guns away.

Do you think the Israelis will consult with the most fraudulent "President" he USA has ever had about Finances? I guarantee they think Barry is a complete Moron.

now that he is out of the country we should lock the doors so he can't get back in. let him go organize somewhere else.

We're Israel's #$%$.  They own our government.what can I say United States of Israel

Isreal rankings highest since 1991 Gulf war,,,SHAREMarch 15, 2013Americans' Sympathies for Israel Match All-Time HighRepublicans, conservatives, older Americans most likely to voice sympathy for Israelby Lydia SaadPRINCETON, NJ -- As President Barack Obama prepares to visit Israel, the Palestinian West Bank, and Jordan next week -- his first trip to the region as president -- Americans' sympathies lean heavily toward the Israelis over the Palestinians, 64% vs. 12%. Americans' partiality for Israel has consistently exceeded 60% since 2010; however, today's 64% ties the highest Gallup has recorded in a quarter century, last seen in 1991 during the Gulf War. At that time, slightly fewer than today, 7%, sympathized more with the Palestinians.The new data are from Gallup's 2013 World Affairs poll, conducted Feb. 7-10.One of the more notable aspects of the trend is the steady increase in relative support for Israel over the past decade, at the same time that the percentage with no opinion or favoring neither side has declined. Preference for the Palestinians has been relatively flat, generally in the mid- to high teens, before this year.Republicans Remain Most Staunch in Support for IsraelConsistent with prior years, Republicans are substantially more likely than Democrats to favor the Israelis, 78% vs. 55%, with the preferences of independents -- currently 63% -- more closely matching those of Democrats.Support for Israel has increased among all three party groups since 2001, but particularly among Republicans and independents. The percentage sympathizing more with the Israelis has increased by 18 percentage points among Republicans (from 60% to 78%) and by 21 points among independents (from 42% to 63%). By comparison, Democrats' support has increased four points (from 51% to 55%).Republicans' sympathy with Israel spiked to 77% in February 2003, likely associated with the run-up to the Iraq war, when Israel supported U.S. aspirations to remove Saddam Hussein from power. It sank sharply in a subsequent poll in May, but then returned to the high 60s in 2004.Majorities of all political as well as major demographic groups in America say they sympathize more with the Israelis than the Palestinians -- with minor variations by gender, age, education level, and political orientation. Liberals and Democrats are the least likely to sympathize with Israel, and conservatives and Republicans are the most likely.Older Americans are more likely to support Israel, with sympathy rising from 55% among 18- to 34-year-olds to 65% among 35- to 54-year-olds, and to 71% among those 55 and older. However, the diminished support among younger adults reflects higher proportions with no opinion or saying they favor neither side. Twelve percent of each age group favors the Palestinians.The pattern differs somewhat by educational background, in that fairly similar levels -- between 61% and 68% -- of adults in all major educational groups favor Israel. At the same time, the percentage favoring the Palestinians increases with formal education, ranging from 8% of those with no college experience to 20% of postgraduates.

Next stop Egypt. Obama needs to finish the dealer prep on the new tanks and planes.

He's gonna have to toss some pretty heavy symbolism around to distract people from his political, materiel, and military support of the Muslim Brotherhood who, after the US-assisted toppling of Mubarak and Qaddafi, have labeled Israel their "number one enemy" in the Egyptian Parliament.  What?  Didn't know that?  That's because the LMSM buried the story.  You can bet the Israelis know it though.

the propaganda is astounding. all over the page. ridiculous

why is this showing up in the sports category?!?  i changed my home page specifically so i wouln't have to look at Satan's ugly lying face anymore!!!!!!!!!!!!!  oh i forgot...it's yahoo...all socialist all the time.

Wait till Obama gets back with Hillary's e-mail account getting hacked!! Oh the fun times of transparency are here folks!!

He has no guts or conviction to resolve any issue over there. Why did he go there and waste tax payers money? What do we get out of Israel for the billions of Dollars that we pour in?

The Israelis continue a policy of unabashed ethnic cleansing and apartheid and our president will look the other way. Shame. Shame.

Hopefully some #$%$'s a GREAT Shot with a Scope.Pay respects to Herzl? What the hell. This is the the misguidedd fool who at first thought of Uganda and South America as a place to establish a Jewish state, and that the Jewsih people can profit from the Holocaust.But, later found that Palestine was vulnerable and had powerful accomplices to reach his sinister goal of up rooting hundreds of thousands of indeginous Arabs to make room for some pale complected Jews from europe and cause all this misery in Palestine.Really, Obama do you need to kiss their A - -  so much?

I have a serious question which has been tugging at my mind for ages. Even Chinese Jews with their small slanted eyes and Russian Jews With their thick, arched eyebrows and Nigerian Jews with their big black noses are among God's chosen people?

Isreal is a theaf with a protection of United States, Chuck Hagel was right this Jewish lobby took over America.

Beware of a man who wears 2 faces !

the down right arrogance of these Israeli's make me sick. they think its their god given right to murder, plunder, and steal land.. OMG

And heres the other joke ", Im with them i do not what him [ it Obmam Dummie] in our country........U.S.A  Do us a favor and stay gone [ You commuist Obama"Thank You

What does Israel have on the U.S that every govt. bows to their demands?  It seems we are paying them protection money yearly in the BILLIONS with no expectation of repayment, and gullible Americans are not fed up with that while Congress cuts back on American necessities?  Go figure!

If Obama is beautiful, i just sh@t a maserpeice !

"You know very well, and the stupid Americans know equally well, that we control their government, irrespective of who sits in the White House. You see, I know it and you know it that no American president can be in a position to challenge us even if we do the unthinkable. What can they (Americans) do to us? We control congress, we control the media, we control show biz, and we control everything in America. In America you can criticize God, but you can't criticize Israel." Israeli spokeswoman, Tzipora Menache 2009

On the contrary, Obama is all substance and simbolism in accord with the will of the maajority of Americans and the will of all nations around the world. Sorry that you, like all other self serving jews can't see the light.Obama you really suck go back where ever you came from

"  Some in Israel smart at the fact Obama took this long to visit and that in a speech in Cairo in 2009, he appeared to argue that the legitimacy of the Jewish state stemmed from the Holocaust rather than an attachment dating back to the Bible  "This is perhaps the most belligerrent lie in the Zionist circular....the claim that modern Israel exacts any legitimate residency-rights based upon Biblical referencing is both absurd and inaccurate...Arab/Palestinians have 13 centuries of residecny rights that are blithely brushed aside by arrogant European Jews who have zero claim to historic Palestine. The ancient Jewish kingdoms were comprised of Sephardic Jews, the trash that stole Palestine in the mid-twentieth century are Khazar-oriented Ashkenazi/European Jews...this is an outrageous scam and the victims are the native Palestinians...

Michael Oren, LOTS of people lived there other than Jews.  In fact, archaeologists tell us that Jews DID NOT come into this territory as a DISCRETE people, but grew 'indigenously' out of peoples already living there.  This myth of a discrete people, a discrete land, and the intervention of a god joining them is responsible for the longest running international conflict on the planet and someone, apparently not Obama, needs to have the balls to break the spell this long perpetuated myth has over the ignorant.  On the other hand, it will also be a great day when Shia and Sunni can do what we saw in Rome today, the Eastern Orthodox church leaders, separated by schism a thousand years ago, coming to peacefully celebrate the new Roman Catholic pope.  And having grown up and been educated in the latter church, believe me, I am no fan of the pope or his institution.

Quite a surge from the comments peanut gallery this morning!

Obama should address the Knesset, and if  heckled by pro-settlers, he should walk out go back to Washington and denounce Israel! If Israel can not control its own people why do we need to control the Palestinians? Obama should have a state of the union address and clearly say the US will no longer support Israeli claims to the West Bank and East Jerusalem. And clearly say that the US will no longer support Israel  militarily or financially! Israel can fight Iran on its own! Since its big enough to heckle the man in charge of giving you your billions and weapons! #$%$k the Israelis!

"...morass of settlements"??? "they were discovered in the West Bank - today OCCUPIED by the Israelis,"!!! (my highlight),"the Wall is located at the HEART OF EAST JERUSALEM among lands Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and which it annexed as its capital in a move never accepted abroad" (my highlight) Writer Dan Williams is obviously not journalist Dan William as these comments are clearly injected with some malice and an obvious political point of view. Surprise us, Dan. Shock us readers and tell us that, in your opinion, Israel is an occupier and oppresses palestinians. Maybe you should get on the environmental beat.

One would truely like to know what Netanyhu really thinks of Obama, here's a man who truely love his country and would do anything to protect Israel even to sit down with Obama knowing that after four years as president this is his frist visit. Why now ? You know why.

There holding Friday Muslim Prayers in the White House ! FFS ! Bring back George W Bush

It's a sales call to cement contracts for his masters,mmm sorry, contributors for the upcoming mega base build up for the israeli military...

Obama is as phony, and needs to be with his butt buddies in Hillcrest.Yep, da president is putting on another horse and pony show. When will Obama actually do some work? Or is he somehow above that? His actions speak volumes even though he says more and does less for the nations overall health.While he's in the region, could the President stop by Egypt and get our money &amp; military equipment back?

What he is doing is actually according to prophesy. I hope you all stay on top of this, the rapture of the church is at hand. Ask for the Holy Spirit to come dwell with in you, and repent. Gods Grace is about to run out. Amen

"Obama will pay his respects at the grave in Jerusalem of Theodor Herzl, the Zionist Terrorist."

Typical OBAMMMA   all  bull S!1T and no substance   " Israel itinerary skirts settlements but not symbolism"

What a mistake Obama did to go to Israel.  I wouldn't be surprise if the Israelis attempt to kill Obama and blame Iran for it.  It's what they are really good at.  False flag mossad operations.

well,.... one thing is certain! this won't be the 1st time the devil has walked around in Israel! as ya'll know,....he was there trying to get our savior to go against the Father! and you can be sure he will be up to no good on this trip!

Maybe we will be lucky enough and they will KEEP him!

Obama arrives in Israel tomorrow. He does NOT like Prime Minister Netanyahu, whose new government was sworn in yesterday. He smells blood in the water. Mr. Obama will not go to the Western Wall to pray. He will not go to the Knesset to speak; instead he will speak to college students at a convention center in Jerusalem. The whole thing is carefully scripted.  Look at what he does NOT do as opposed to what he does do.  Wolf in sheep's clothing.

Can't have Easter Egg Roll but he can take his sorry Black #$%$ off to another trip. Just trystaying home and doing work....You Muslim...

Typical Obama - no courage to rebuke the land-stealing zionist Netanyahu but courageous enough to have innocent people killed by drones - Mr. Obama give back your Nobel Peace Prize,.Typical Obama - no courage to rebuke the land-stealing zionist Netanyahu but courageous enough to have innocent people killed by drones - Mr. Obama give back your Nobel Peace Prize,.

China’s missile-related imports and assistance from Israel have been a subject of particular concern in the United States because of worries that Israel may be providing China with “back door” access to controlled, sensitive US technology. For example, in the early 1990s, reports surfaced that Israel had secretly transferred information on the US Patriot missile system to China, in violation of Israel’s promise to the United States not to transfer the Patriot technology to any third country. Although both China and Israel denied the allegations, US government sources concluded that it was almost certain that a transfer of technology (though not physical equipment) had taken place.

Are these settlements part of that Old Testament Contract with god. Worship me and take other people's stuff. Did I read that right?

is israel even its own country ? Never heard of it.

It only shows who the tail belongs to.

More American butt-kissing to Israel..PATHETIC

how come he doesnt embrace "american" history, but jewish history ? Thats kinda odd , well, i guess it isnt when your a 7 foot muslim lolololololololololol